http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_State_Building=Empire State Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parthenon=Partenone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manzanar=Manzanar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Bank_of_the_United_States=Seconda banca degli Stati Uniti d'America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Bank_of_the_United_States=Prima banca degli Stati Uniti d'America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodleian_Library=Biblioteca Bodleiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Bridge=London Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethnal_Green_tube_station=Bethnal Green (metropolitana di Londra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_Avenue=Madison Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Hall=Carnegie Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermine_Street=Ermine Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luton_Airport=Aeroporto di Londra-Luton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charing_Cross_railway_station=Stazione di Charing Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Patrick's_Cathedral_(Manhattan)=Cattedrale di San Patrizio (New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden_Town_tube_station=Camden Town (metropolitana di Londra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Orlando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels_Airport=Aeroporto di Bruxelles-National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuma_Territorial_Prison=Carcere di Yuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwark_Cathedral=Cattedrale di Southwark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostolic_Palace=Palazzo Apostolico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dealey_Plaza=Dealey Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantheon,_Rome=Pantheon (Roma)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berghof_(residence)=Berghof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kehlsteinhaus=Nido dell'Aquila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oyama_Shrine_(Ishikawa)=Santuario di Oyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetLife_Building=MetLife Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearst_Castle=Castello Hearst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilburn_tube_station=Kilburn (metropolitana di Londra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensal_Green_station=Stazione di Kensal Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farringdon_station=Stazione di Farringdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewisham_station=Stazione di Lewisham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._James's_Park_tube_station=St. James's Park (metropolitana di Londra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Cross_Gate_railway_station=Stazione di New Cross Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Cross_railway_station=Stazione di New Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Stewart_Gardner_Museum=Isabella Stewart-Gardner Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary-le-Bow=St Mary-le-Bow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streatham_railway_station=Stazione di Streatham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton_Highway=Dalton Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Navy_Yard=Washington Navy Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gateway_of_India=Portale dell'India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_World_Financial_Center=Shanghai World Financial Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society_of_Chemistry=Royal Society of Chemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyeongui_Line=Ferrovia Gyeongui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliament_House,_Stockholm=Palazzo del Parlamento svedese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Avenue_Subway=Second Avenue Subway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Museum=Brooklyn Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Hudson_Street=Goldman Sachs Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MLC_Centre=MLC Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_Hall=Aston Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harringay_Green_Lanes_railway_station=Stazione di Harringay Green Lanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden_Road_railway_station=Stazione di Camden Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampstead_tube_station=Hampstead (metropolitana di Londra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manor_Park_railway_station=Stazione di Manor Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Central_Convention_Complex=Manchester Central Convention Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Pontchartrain_Causeway=Lake Pontchartrain Causeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsue_Castle=Castello di Matsue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genkan=Genkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tammachi_Station=Stazione di Tammachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnington_Castle=Castello di Donnington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ham_House=Ham House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westbourne_Park_tube_station=Westbourne Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammersmith_Apollo=Hammersmith Apollo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Postal_Museum=Museo postale nazionale (Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trajan's_Bridge=Ponte di Traiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_House=Lancaster House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maruoka_Castle=Castello di Maruoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overseas_Highway=Overseas Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasserie=Brasserie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallions_Reach_DLR_station=Stazione di Gallions Reach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRT_Lexington_Avenue_Line=Linea IRT Lexington Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Times_Union_Center=Times Union Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IND_Sixth_Avenue_Line=Linea IND Sixth Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_the_Annunciation=Cattedrale dell'Annunciazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRT_Dyre_Avenue_Line=Linea IRT Dyre Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikuta_Shrine=Santuario di Ikuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Centre=Kingdom Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobe_Port_Tower=Kobe Port Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayes_&_Harlington_railway_station=Stazione di Hayes & Harlington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XL_Center=XL Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_The_Ride=Batman: The Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Life_Insurance_Company_Tower=Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MOA_Museum_of_Art=Moa Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runyang_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Ponte Runyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bournemouth_railway_station=Stazione di Bournemouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Place=Canada Place
