http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc.=Apple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOL=AOL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amway=Amway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_Martin=Aston Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aon_(company)=Aon Plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Micro_Devices=Advanced Micro Devices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arianespace=Arianespace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Labs=Bell Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW=BMW
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borland=Borland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beechcraft=Beechcraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Rail=British Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugatti=Bugatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombardier_Inc.=Bombardier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BT_Group=BT Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blizzard_Entertainment=Blizzard Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacardi=Bacardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Small_Arms_Company=Birmingham Small Arms Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentley=Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capcom=Capcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cessna=Cessna Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaosium=Chaosium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceres_Brewery=Ceres (birra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler=FCA US
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleco=Coleco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compaq=Compaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Equipment_Corporation=Digital Equipment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datsun=Datsun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_West_India_Company=Compagnia olandese delle Indie occidentali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ericsson=Ericsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enron=Enron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrari=Ferrari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FASA=FASA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Motors=General Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTE=General Telephone and Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Electric=General Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson's_Bay_Company=Compagnia della Baia di Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holden=Holden (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda=Honda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harley-Davidson=Harley-Davidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heckler_&_Koch=Heckler & Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hummer=Hummer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intel=Intel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IKEA=IKEA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infocom=Infocom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibanez=Ibanez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Chemical_Industries=Imperial Chemical Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Airways=Imperial Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelsat=Intelsat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Id_Software=Id Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeep=Jeep (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koenigsegg=Koenigsegg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labatt_Brewing_Company=Labatt Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionhead_Studios=Lionhead Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LucasArts=LucasArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucent=Lucent Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamborghini=Lamborghini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexus=Lexus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AvtoVAZ=Lada-Vaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lycos=Lycos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long-Term_Capital_Management=Long-Term Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_Rover=Land Rover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft=Microsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda=Mazda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorola=Motorola Cycling Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattel=Mattel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIPS_Technologies=MIPS Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MOS_Technology=MOS Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxis=Maxis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo=Nintendo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia=Nokia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nortel=Nortel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NeXT=NeXT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netscape=Netscape Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opel=Opel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oracle_Corporation=Oracle Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Pictures=Paramount Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philips=Philips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porsche=Porsche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven_Software=Raven Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rickenbacker=Rickenbacker (chitarre)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RCA=RCA (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/REO_Motor_Car_Company=REO Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockwell_International=Rockwell Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hat=Red Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Corporation=Roland Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Team=Sonic Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Microsystems=Sun Microsystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony=Sony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermarine=Supermarine Aviation Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_Graphics=Silicon Graphics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Jackson_Games=Steve Jackson Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Oil=Standard Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saks_Fifth_Avenue=Saks Fifth Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toho=Toho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Times_Company=The New York Times Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota=Toyota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabasco_sauce=Tabasco (salsa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telstra=Telstra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tandy_Corporation=Tandy Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo=Volvo Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen=Volkswagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Group=Volkswagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walmart=Walmart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood_Studios=Westwood Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Wolf_Publishing=White Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros.=Warner Bros.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PARC_(company)=Xerox Palo Alto Research Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox=Xerox Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Com=3Com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigo_Books_and_Music=Indigo Books and Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritual_Entertainment=Ritual Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Dynamics_Electric_Boat=General Dynamics Electric Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_World=Walt Disney World Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walt_Disney_Company=The Walt Disney Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfa_Romeo=Alfa Romeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza_Hut=Yum! Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taco_Bell=Taco Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Activision=Activision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singer_Corporation=Singer (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Andersen=Arthur Andersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amstrad=Amstrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nvidia=NVIDIA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnavox=Magnavox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartoon_Network_Studios=Cartoon Network Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet=Chevrolet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benetton_Group=Benetton (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buick=Buick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Motor_Company=Hyundai Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Press_International=United Press International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_East_India_Company=Compagnia olandese delle Indie orientali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge=Dodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daimler_AG=Daimler (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_India_Company=Compagnia britannica delle Indie orientali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cygnus_Solutions=Cygnus Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_S.p.A.=Fiat (azienda 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_John_Silver's=Long John Silver's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7-Eleven=7-Eleven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamov=Kamov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonov=Antonov (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AviaBellanca_Aircraft=AviaBellanca Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beriev=Beriev (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aermacchi=Aermacchi (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Aerospace=British Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Instruments=Texas Instruments Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_for_Worldwide_Interbank_Financial_Telecommunication=Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilyushin=Ilyushin (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi=Mitsubishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Sports_Organisation=Mind Sports Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirelli=Pirelli (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avro=Avro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockheed_Corporation=Lockheed Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pratt_&_Whitney=Pratt & Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fokker=Fokker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cisco_Systems=Cisco Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steinway_&_Sons=Steinway & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldsmobile=Oldsmobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Dynamics=General Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altria=Altria Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Entertainment=Sierra Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valve_Corporation=Valve Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iridium_Communications=Iridium (satellite)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skidmore,_Owings_&_Merrill=Skidmore, Owings and Merrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Beers=De Beers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peugeot=Peugeot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Brewing_Company=Miller Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_S.A.=France Télécom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadbury=Cadbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subway_(restaurant)=Subway (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunge_Limited=Bunge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee_Valley_Authority=Tennessee Valley Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aardman_Animations=Aardman Animations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acorn_Computers=Acorn Computers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna-Barbera=Hanna-Barbera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympus_Corporation=Olympus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ad_Lib,_Inc.=AdLib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_Data_Corporation=Control Data Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujitsu=Fujitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer=Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Oil=Gulf Oil Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amoco=Amoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawasaki_Heavy_Industries=Kawasaki Heavy Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiba=Toshiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_&_Young=Ernst & Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_(company)=Sunrise (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pfizer=Pfizer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE=WWE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Motor_Company=Lincoln (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maserati=Maserati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac=Cadillac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Aeroplane_Company=Bristol Aeroplane Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zilog=ZiLOG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOKO=SOKO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utva_Aviation_Industry=Lola Utva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daimler-Benz=Daimler-Benz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockheed_Martin=Lockheed Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasbro=Hasbro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bausch_&_Lomb=Bausch & Lomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon_Hill=Avalon Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ximian=Ximian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moskvitch=Moskvič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAZ=Gor'kovskij avtomobil'nyj zavod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZAZ=Zaporiz'kyj avtomobilebudivel'nyj zavod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UAZ=Ul'janovskij Avtomobil'nyj Zavod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symbian_Ltd.=Symbian Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMZ-Ural=IMZ-Ural
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioWare=BioWare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatra_(company)=Tatra (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAF_Trucks=DAF (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abarth=Abarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telenor=Telenor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm,_Inc.=Palm (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yum!_Brands=Yum! Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miramax=Miramax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aprilia=Aprilia (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KPMG=KPMG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac=Pontiac (disambigua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disneyland_Paris=Disneyland Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Publishing=Western Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FedEx=FedEx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CompuServe=CompuServe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dish_Network=Dish Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Central_Television=CCTV (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixar=Pixar Animation Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelin=Michelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burmeister_&_Wain=Burmeister & Wain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucasfilm=Lucasfilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinking_Machines_Corporation=Thinking Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swatch_Group=The Swatch Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCR_Corporation=NCR Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silja_Line=Silja Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hershey_Company=Hershey Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Research=Digital Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SKF=SKF (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Press=Freedom Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maybelline=Maybelline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilton_Worldwide=Hilton Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westland_Aircraft=Westland Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westland_Helicopters=Westland Helicopters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airbus_Group=Airbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airbus_Helicopters=Airbus Helicopters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dornier_Flugzeugwerke=Dornier-Werke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsanto=Monsanto Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panasonic=Panasonic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cunard_Line=Cunard Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesco=Tesco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crayola=Crayola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_Products=Avon Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society_for_the_Protection_of_Birds=Royal Society for the Protection of Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Semiconductor=National Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell=Dell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filmation=Filmation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troma_Entertainment=Troma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxtor=Maxtor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_Corporation=News Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Airlines=Continental Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EC_Comics=EC Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sperry_Corporation=Sperry Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piper_Aircraft=Piper Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EBay=EBay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Disney_Resort=Tokyo Disney Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMI=EMI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertelsmann=Bertelsmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esri=Esri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carlyle_Group=Carlyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alstom=Alstom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acura=Acura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vespa=Piaggio Vespa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._J._Reynolds_Tobacco_Company=R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCUBE=NCUBE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midwest_Airlines=Midwest Airlines (Stati Uniti d'America)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethesda_Softworks=Bethesda Softworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAN_SE=MAN (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinkerton_(detective_agency)=Pinkerton National Detective Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_Rail=Network Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AC_Cars=AC Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards_of_the_Coast=Wizards of the Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaguar_Cars=Jaguar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Games_Workshop=Games Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hormel=Hormel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PricewaterhouseCoopers=PricewaterhouseCoopers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_Ghibli=Studio Ghibli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celera_Corporation=Celera Genomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corel=Corel Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IG_Farben=IG Farben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelly_Belly=Jelly Belly Candy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewTek=NewTek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Mobile=T-Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd's_of_London=Lloyd's di Londra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_(shoe_company)=Converse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasselblad=Hasselblad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JVC=JVC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackintosh=Mackintosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marks_&_Spencer=Marks & Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Bradley_Company=Milton Bradley Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDonnell_Douglas=McDonnell Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PeopleSoft=PeopleSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christie's=Christie's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_East_India_Company=Compagnia francese delle Indie orientali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Group=Tata Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlton_Comics=Charlton Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novartis=Novartis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmel=Atmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overland_Automobile=Overland (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winton_Motor_Carriage_Company=Winton Motor Carriage Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telus=Telus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Motor_Company=White Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayo_Clinic=Mayo Clinic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn_Corporation=Saturn Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrix=Cyrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault=Renault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agilent_Technologies=Agilent Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STMicroelectronics=STMicroelectronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ligier=Ligier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosworth=Cosworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avedis_Zildjian_Company=Avedis Zildjian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabian=Sabian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshinoya=Yoshinoya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Pacific_Railroad=Union Pacific Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Mills=General Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairchild_Aircraft=Fairchild Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEAT=SEAT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patria_(company)=Patria (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_in_the_Box=Jack in the Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_&_Johnson=Johnson & Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Radio=BBC Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arxel_Tribe=Arxel Tribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrefour=Carrefour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agfa-Gevaert=Agfa-Gevaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asda=ASDA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrytoons=Terrytoons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens=Siemens (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teradata=Teradata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmeta=Transmeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nederlandse_Spoorwegen=Nederlandse Spoorwegen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novell=Novell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Cars=Bristol Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotus_Cars=Lotus Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Fighting_Championship=Ultimate Fighting Championship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_Software_Rating_Board=Entertainment Software Rating Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainsbury's=Sainsbury's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/THX=THX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_&_Jerry's=Ben & Jerry's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASF=BASF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veolia_Transport=Veolia Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connexxion=Connexxion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arriva=Arriva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobcat_Company=Bobcat (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Bahn=Deutsche Bahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Pictures=Walt Disney Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeLorean_Motor_Company=DeLorean Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piaggio=Piaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iveco=Iveco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Artists=United Artists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netflix=Netflix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nullsoft=Nullsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Pictures=Columbia Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leica_Camera=Leica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minox=Minox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messerschmitt=Messerschmitt (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polaroid_Corporation=Polaroid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleischer_Studios=Fleischer Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Archive=Internet Archive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macromedia=Macromedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Light_&_Magic=Industrial Light & Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Talking_Machine_Company=Victor (casa discografica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MCA_Inc.=MCA (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packard=Packard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AM_General=AM General
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATI_Technologies=ATI Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armadillo_Aerospace=Armadillo Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starbucks=Starbucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Post=Canada Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Hortons=Tim Hortons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairchild_Semiconductor=Fairchild Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Electric=Detroit Electric Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autodesk=Autodesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammer_Film_Productions=Hammer Film Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embraer=Embraer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunoco=Sunoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democratic_National_Committee=Comitato nazionale democratico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Central_Railway=Great Central Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studebaker=Studebaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vauxhall_Motors=Vauxhall Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Havilland=De Havilland Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whataburger=Whataburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._F._Martin_&_Company=Martin (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Championship_Wrestling=World Championship Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakovlev=A. S. Yakovlev Design Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahoo!=Yahoo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitachi=Hitachi (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaumont_Film_Company=Gaumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TVR=TVR (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_&_Wesson=Smith & Wesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chipotle_Mexican_Grill=Chipotle Mexican Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnes_&_Noble=Barnes & Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_Brothers_Studio=Studio Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlaxoSmithKline=GlaxoSmithKline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Japan_Railway_Company=East Japan Railway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Japan_Railway_Company=West Japan Railway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_America=Miss America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaypro=Kaypro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Telekom=Deutsche Telekom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAS_Institute=SAS Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osborne_Computer_Corporation=Osborne Computer Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USRobotics=U.S. Robotics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraunhofer_Society=Fraunhofer-Gesellschaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Airlines=Japan Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Telegraph_and_Telephone=Nippon Telegraph and Telephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethlehem_Steel=Bethlehem Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly-Clark=Kimberly-Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avid_Technology=Avid Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McAfee=McAfee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sybase=Sybase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koch_Industries=Koch Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbusto_Energy=Arbusto Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAE_Systems=BAE Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NRK=Norsk rikskringkasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weta_Digital=Weta Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weta_Workshop=Weta Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funcom=Funcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Zeiss_AG=Carl Zeiss (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_International_Pictures=American International Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halliburton=Halliburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Motors=Mitsubishi Motors Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Post=An Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannondale_Bicycle_Corporation=Cannondale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trek_Bicycle_Corporation=Trek Bicycle Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Parcel_Service=United Parcel Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scania_AB=Scania AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vattenfall=Vattenfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H&M=H&M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citigroup=Citigroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VIA_Technologies=VIA Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujifilm=Fujifilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piaggio_Aerospace=Piaggio Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Music_Group=Universal Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harland_and_Wolff=Harland and Wolff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelvana=Nelvana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_Enix=Square Enix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bechtel=Bechtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Group=Virgin Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordstrom=Nordstrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Bird_Corporation=Blue Bird Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scaled_Composites=Scaled Composites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Post=Nippon Yūsei Kōsha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grumman=Grumman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mentor_Graphics=Mentor Graphics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northrop_Corporation=Northrop Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northrop_Grumman=Northrop Grumman Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Aircraft=Bell Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cray=Cray Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtiss-Wright=Curtiss-Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ProQuest=ProQuest LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_Pictures=Orion Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convair=Convair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaio=Sony VAIO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clamp_(manga_artists)=CLAMP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Digital=Western Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_(company)=Treasure (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daihatsu=Daihatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renfe_Operadora=Red Nacional de los Ferrocarriles Españoles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Federal_Railways=Ferrovie Federali Svizzere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrocarrils_de_la_Generalitat_de_Catalunya=Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrocarrils_de_la_Generalitat_Valenciana=Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat Valenciana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_Aviation=Republic Aviation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeywell=Honeywell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3dfx_Interactive=3dfx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beck's_Brewery=Beck's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applebee's=Applebee's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glock_Ges.m.b.H.=Glock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viking_Line=Viking Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citibank=Citibank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bosch_GmbH=Robert Bosch (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MZ_Motorrad-_und_Zweiradwerk=Motorradwerk Zschopau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VR_Group=VR-Yhtymä Oy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goya_Foods=Goya Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beretta=Fabbrica d'Armi Pietro Beretta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colgate-Palmolive=Colgate-Palmolive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCO_Group=SCO Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zonophone=Zonofono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WildStorm=Wildstorm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_Company=Westinghouse Electric Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adidas=Adidas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unilever=Unilever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerulean_Studios=Cerulean Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focke-Wulf=Focke-Wulf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburger_Flugzeugbau=Hamburger Flugzeugbau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindustan_Aeronautics_Limited=Hindustan Aeronautics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedo=Speedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardee's=Hardee's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junkers=Junkers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campagnolo=Campagnolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimano=Shimano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KTM=KTM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infosys=Infosys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casio=Casio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars,_Incorporated=Mars (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritz_Crackers=Ritz (cracker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Astronautical_Federation=Federazione astronautica internazionale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_automobile=Maxwell Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HKS_(company)=HKS (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celcom=Celcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Credo_Reference=Credo Reference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Grande_Games=Rio Grande Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benelli_(motorcycles)=Benelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Flags=Six Flags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampex=Ampex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATR_(aircraft_manufacturer)=ATR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caterham_Cars=Caterham Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gartner=Gartner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Brothers=Parker Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardena_(company)=Gardena (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globus_(company)=Globus (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Rock_Cafe=Hard Rock Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Canada=Bell Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancia=Lancia (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyodo_News=Kyodo News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Edwards=JD Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locomobile_Company_of_America=Locomobile (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paige_automobile=Paige-Detroit Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nash_Motors=Nash Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierce-Arrow_Motor_Car_Company=Pierce-Arrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Martens=Dr. Martens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_(automobile)=Plymouth (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_(automobile)=Mercury (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globalstar=Globalstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qualcomm=Qualcomm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TRW_Inc.=TRW (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryanair=Ryanair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronic_Arts=Electronic Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexa_Internet=Alexa Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikorsky_Aircraft=Sikorsky Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrods=Harrods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_Electronics=Samsung Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suntory=Suntory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MGM_Resorts_International=MGM Resorts International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haribo=Haribo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingfisher_plc=Kingfisher (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Mint=Royal Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Officine_Meccaniche=Officine Meccaniche (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thales_Group=Thales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sears=Sears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macy's=Macy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jollibee=Jollibee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirque_du_Soleil=Cirque du Soleil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutchison_Whampoa=Hutchison Whampoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevron_Corporation=Chevron Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcelor=Arcelor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrofina=Petrofina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Scotland=Bank of Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rover_Company=Rover (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UL_(safety_organization)=Underwriters Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mack_Trucks=Mack Trucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pemex=Pemex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSB_(railway_company)=Danske Statsbaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.D._Vision=A.D. Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertelsmann_Music_Group=BMG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automobile_Dacia=Dacia (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konami=Konami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interplay_Entertainment=Interplay Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsui=Mitsui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaton_Corporation=Eaton Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_Software=Revolution Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_Aramco=Saudi Aramco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huawei=Huawei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RATP_Group=Régie autonome des transports parisiens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandai=Bandai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Electronics=Tiger Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blockbuster_LLC=Blockbuster (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stora_Enso=Stora Enso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia-Pacific=Georgia-Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MicroProse=MicroProse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hapag-Lloyd=Hapag-Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Motor_Corporation=British Motor Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A&W_Restaurants=A&W Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Media_Group=Private Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaiser_Motors=Kaiser-Frazer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firaxis_Games=Firaxis Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loblaws=Loblaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Lease_Finance_Corporation=International Lease Finance Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeda_Pharmaceutical_Company=Takeda Pharmaceutical Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accenture=Accenture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namco=Namco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamaz=Kamaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FN_Herstal=Fabrique Nationale de Herstal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSA_Security=RSA Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Carbide=Union Carbide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sennheiser=Sennheiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_(brand)=National (Panasonic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsingtao_Brewery=Birra Tsingtao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korg=Korg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comcast=Comcast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_China=Bank of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akai=Akai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MBDA=MBDA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavedog_Entertainment=Cavedog Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logitech=Logitech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_AG=Metro (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakamichi=Nakamichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aiwa=Aiwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daewoo=Daewoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3D_Realms=3D Realms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valero_Energy=Valero Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesoro=Tesoro (disambigua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avaya=Aviva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgestone=Bridgestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Pollo_Loco=El Pollo Loco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billa_(supermarket)=Billa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itochu=Itochu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamaha_Corporation=Yamaha Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Soft=Hudson Soft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moto_Guzzi=Moto Guzzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infiniti=Infiniti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauser=Mauser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnum_Photos=Magnum Photos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dow_Chemical_Company=Dow Chemical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citrix_Systems=Citrix Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anheuser-Busch=Anheuser-Busch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_(automobile)=Franklin Automobile Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acclaim_Entertainment=Acclaim Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VMware=VMware Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntingdon_Life_Sciences=Huntingdon Life Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loblaw_Companies=Loblaw Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enix=Enix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkshire_Hathaway=Berkshire Hathaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharman_Networks=Sharman Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irem=Irem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Steel=United States Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_East=Data East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtiss_Aeroplane_and_Motor_Company=Curtiss Aeroplane and Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_America_Line=Holland America Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verisign=Verisign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ConocoPhillips=ConocoPhillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Railway_Company_of_Belgium=Società Nazionale delle Ferrovie del Belgio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orchard_(company)=The Orchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazprom=Gazprom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobeys=Sobeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packard_Bell=Packard Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_Company=Wright Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright-Martin=Wright-Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirTran_Airways=AirTran Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Post=China Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molson_Brewery=Molson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestica=Celestica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlsberg_Group=Carlsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airfix=Airfix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empresas_Polar=Empresas Polar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashton-Tate=Ashton-Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funimation=Funimation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korail=Korail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukos=Jukos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RadioShack=RadioShack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seagate_Technology=Seagate Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMC_(automobile)=GMC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getty_Images=Getty Images
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamaha_Motor_Company=Yamaha Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Broadcasting_System=Turner Broadcasting System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B612_Foundation=Fondazione B612
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BellSouth=BellSouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_End_Games=West End Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughes_Aircraft_Company=Hughes Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norsk_Hydro=Norsk Hydro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Seasons_Hotels_and_Resorts=Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rational_Software=Rational Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verve_Records=Verve Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prodigy_(online_service)=The Prodigy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlackBerry_Limited=BlackBerry (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corning_Inc.=Corning (Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Brothers=Short Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rover_Group=Gruppo Rover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Leyland=British Leyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Motorcycle_Company=Norton Motorcycle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koei=Koei Tecmo Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TVB=TVB (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercator_(retail)=Mercator (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyatt=Hyatt Hotels Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renesas_Electronics=Renesas Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datapoint=Datapoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America=Bank of America Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Southern_Railway=Norfolk Southern Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Transat=Air Transat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Japan_Railway_Company=Central Japan Railway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotax=Rotax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Mail=Royal Mail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saatchi_&_Saatchi=Saatchi & Saatchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyeonghwa_Motors=Pyeonghwa Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_Samsung_Motors=Renault Samsung Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nettwerk=Nettwerk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WD-40=WD-40
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GM_Korea=GM Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Buy=Best Buy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technicolor_SA=Technicolor (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neoplan=Neoplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strategic_Simulations=Strategic Simulations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_Games=Rockstar Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take-Two_Interactive=Take Two Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optus=Optus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Finish_Productions=Big Finish Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Systembolaget=Systembolaget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C&A=C&A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_American_Tobacco=British American Tobacco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ion_Storm=Ion Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baskin-Robbins=Baskin-Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genentech=Genentech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zumtobel_Group=Zumtobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Motor_Car_Company=Hudson Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIC_Entertainment=DiC Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kroger=Kroger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrosia_Software=Ambrosia Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribune_Media=Tribune Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooper_Industries=Cooper Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Locomotive_Company=American Locomotive Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touchstone_Pictures=Touchstone Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Research_Triangle_Park=Research Triangle Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shikoku_Railway_Company=Shikoku Railway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyushu_Railway_Company=Kyushu Railway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Freight_Railway_Company=Japan Freight Railway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokkaido_Railway_Company=Hokkaido Railway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Communications=Rogers Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warwick_(company)=Warwick (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa_John's_Pizza=Papa John's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_Airlines=Vietnam Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parmalat=Parmalat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singtel=Singapore Telecommunications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Mobile=China Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Post=Deutsche Post (Germania Est)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Nun_Records=Flying Nun Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Interactive=Sports Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_Glass_Studios=Looking Glass Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topps=Topps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clydesdale_Bank=Clydesdale Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gruppo_Bertone=Bertone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendster=Friendster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selfridges=Selfridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza_Pizza=Pizza Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NEC=NEC Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyan_Worlds=Cyan Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Daniel's=Jack Daniel's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Arms=College of Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eidos_Interactive=Eidos Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waitrose=Waitrose & Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrum_HoloByte=Spectrum HoloByte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EFE=EFE (agenzia di stampa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diageo=Diageo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BEA_Systems=BEA Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_Cars=Volvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Communications=Warner Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin-Baker=Martin-Baker Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keio_Corporation=Keiō Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_Locomotive_Works=Baldwin Locomotive Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kettler=Kettler (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyu_Corporation=Tōkyū Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odakyu_Electric_Railway=Ferrovie Odakyū
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakult=Yakult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinkel=Ernst Heinkel Flugzeugwerke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steinberg=Steinberg Media Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acer_Inc.=Acer (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_Fighting_Championships=Pride Fighting Championships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligent_Systems=Intelligent Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Development_Bank=Banca islamica per lo sviluppo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colt's_Manufacturing_Company=Colt's Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Transportation=GE Transportation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralphs=Ralphs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outback_Steakhouse=Outback Steakhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_AG=Software (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolex=Rolex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Industries=Reliance Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranbaxy_Laboratories=Ranbaxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Afghanistan_Bank=Banca centrale dell'Afghanistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldi=ALDI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orient_Watch=Orient Watches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danelectro=Danelectro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_Pictures=Republic Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Adventures=Space Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Pictures_Classics=Sony Pictures Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Line_Cinema=New Line Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timely_Comics=Timely Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Entertainment=Turner Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magen_David_Adom=Magen David Adom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlieb=Gottlieb (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_Studios=Revolution Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikkoman=Kikkoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riley_Motor=Riley (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banana_Republic=Banana Republic (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindustan_Motors=Hindustan Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlus=Atlus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Navy=Old Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAI=Rai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsevier=Elsevier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artdink=Artdink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Athletic_Club=New York Athletic Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arby's=Arby's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanrio=Sanrio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PolyGram=PolyGram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioMed_Central=BioMed Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konica_Minolta=Konica Minolta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Motor_Company=Morgan Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decipher,_Inc.=Decipher (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArtePiazza=ArtePiazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zippo=Zippo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_North=Rockstar North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panhard=Panhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chupa_Chups=Chupa Chups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bose_Corporation=Bose Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_Corporation_&_plc=Carnival Corporation & plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Board_of_Trade=Chicago Board of Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midway_Games=Midway Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Freak=Game Freak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ursus_Breweries=Ursus (birra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monolith_Productions=Monolith Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Deere=Deere & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stena_Line=Stena Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DKNY=DKNY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolls-Royce_Holdings=Rolls-Royce plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziff_Davis=Ziff Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresser_Industries=Dresser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kissel_Motor_Car_Company=Kissel Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakley,_Inc.=Oakley (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AstraZeneca=AstraZeneca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orkut=Orkut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severn_Trent=Severn Trent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vonage=Vonage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MySQL_AB=MySQL AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auto_Union=Auto Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Star_Line=White Star Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costco=Costco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Domain=Digital Domain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republican_Liberty_Caucus=Republican Liberty Caucus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolby_Laboratories=Dolby Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pony_Canyon=Pony Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Schleicher_GmbH_&_Co=Alexander Schleicher (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosfilm=Mosfil'm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyco_International=Tyco International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Unicom=China Unicom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragdoll_Productions=Ragdoll Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In-N-Out_Burger=In-N-Out Burger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ensemble_Studios=Ensemble Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliant_Techsystems=Alliant Techsystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai=Hyundai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Heavy_Industries=Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Music_Group=Warner Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/THQ=THQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcos_Engineering=Marcos (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_plc=ITV plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massey_Ferguson=Massey Ferguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donkervoort=Donkervoort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonely_Planet=Lonely Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debenhams=Debenhams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CD_Projekt_RED=CD Projekt RED
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunkin'_Donuts=Dunkin' Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chick-fil-A=Chick-fil-A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schlumberger=Schlumberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullfrog_Productions=Bullfrog Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FICO=Fair Isaac Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupperware=Tupperware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TSMC=TSMC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrigley_Company=Wrigley Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Miguel_Corporation=San Miguel Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Mobility=AT&T Mobility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_East_India_Company=Compagnia svedese delle Indie orientali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone=Vodafone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scion_(automobile)=Scion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikkatsu=Nikkatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Mercantile_Exchange=NYMEX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Crockett_Promotions=Jim Crockett Promotions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agence_France-Presse=Agence France-Presse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Air_System=Japan Air System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ball_Aerospace_&_Technologies=Ball Aerospace & Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheung_Kong_Holdings=Cheung Kong Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acornsoft=Acornsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfa_Laval=Alfa Laval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandvik=Sandvik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcoa=Alcoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akamai_Technologies=Akamai Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KDDI=KDDI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revlon=Revlon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SK_Telecom=SK Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maybach=Maybach-Motorenbau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swisscom=Swisscom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etisalat=Etisalat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freescale_Semiconductor=Freescale Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micron_Technology=Micron Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrett_Firearms_Manufacturing=Barrett Firearms Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_Laboratories=Abbott Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinclair_Oil_Corporation=Sinclair Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanshin_Tigers=Hanshin Tigers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astral_Media=Astral Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrolux=Electrolux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autoliv=Autoliv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assa_Abloy=Assa Abloy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Vodochody=Aero Vodochody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuppertal_Institute_for_Climate,_Environment_and_Energy=Wuppertal Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxtel=Foxtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_Soft=Adventure Soft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Marietta=Martin Marietta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AkzoNobel=AkzoNobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3i=3i
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentax=Pentax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Hannifin=Parker Hannifin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Store=Apple Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troika_Games=Troika Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainforest_Cafe=Rainforest Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levi_Strauss_&_Co.=Levi Strauss (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logica=Logica (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_Entertainment=Phantom (console)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_Corporation=Quantum Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Cruises=Crystal Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remington_Arms=Remington Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grolsch_Brewery=Grolsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Production_I.G=Production I.G
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linksys=Linksys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bostik=Bostik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leica_Geosystems=Leica Geosystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toys_%22R%22_Us=Toys "R" Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricoh=Ricoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Bank=Alpha Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agusta=Agusta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AgustaWestland=AgustaWestland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infineon_Technologies=Infineon Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulfstream_Aerospace=Gulfstream Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bray_Productions=Bray Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight's_Armament_Company=Knight's Armament Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_(supermarket)=Champion (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romtelecom=Romtelecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodrich_Corporation=Goodrich Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puch=Puch-Werke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rootes_Group=Rootes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinnacle_Systems=Pinnacle Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altera=Altera Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magna_International=Magna International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talgo=Patentes Talgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bones_(studio)=Bones (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Fair=Cedar Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NHIndustries=NHIndustries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolce_&_Gabbana=Dolce & Gabbana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Tobacco=Japan Tobacco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Media=Liberty Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Bank=Deutsche Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CARNet=CARNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIG_Sauer=SIG Sauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temasek_Holdings=Temasek Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Ireland=Bank of Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sberbank_of_Russia=Sberbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterstones=Waterstone's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxottica=Luxottica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray-Ban=Ray-Ban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GT_Interactive_Software=GT Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Numismatic_Association=American Numismatic Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telmex=Telmex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Entertainment_Group=Fox Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haier=Haier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaSalle_(automobile)=LaSalle (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sotheby's=Sotheby's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cammell_Laird=Cammell Laird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellogg's=Kellogg Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vale_Limited=Vale Inco Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fendi=Fendi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticketmaster=Ticketmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expeditors_International=Expeditors International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newmarket_Films=Newmarket Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoffmann-La_Roche=Hoffmann-La Roche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_Sportscars=Westfield Sportscars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilera=Gilera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Instruments=National Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiksilver=Quiksilver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Isle_Studios=Black Isle Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_Solutions=Network Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CITIC_Group=China International Trust and Investment Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeritalia=Aeritalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alenia_Aeronautica=Alenia Aeronautica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryder=Randstad (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MathWorks=MathWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft=Ubisoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newgrounds=Newgrounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RTL_Group=RTL Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanofi=Sanofi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diners_Club_International=Diners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gateway,_Inc.=Gateway (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouygues=Bouygues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEICO=GEICO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allison_Engine_Company=Allison Engine Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Future_Holdings=Energy Future Holdings Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_Games=Epic Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staples_Inc.=Staples (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonka=Tonka (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTU_Aero_Engines=MTU Aero Engines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukhoi=Sukhoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupolev=Tupolev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marimekko=Marimekko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmonix=Harmonix Music Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relic_Entertainment=Relic Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CVS_Pharmacy=CVS Pharmacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walgreens=Walgreens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyocera=Kyocera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KPN=Koninklijke KPN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engine_Alliance=Engine Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Worldwide=BBC Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outokumpu=Outokumpu (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rambus=Rambus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_Street=Williams Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grass_Valley_(company)=Grass Valley (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanyo=Sanyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deloitte=Deloitte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nieuport=Nieuport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Arts=Game Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nankai_Electric_Railway=Ferrovia elettrica Nankai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeport-McMoRan=Freeport-McMoRan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ViewSonic=ViewSonic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESET=Eset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euskaltel=Euskaltel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirabilis_(company)=Mirabilis (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litton_Industries=Litton Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAN_Diesel=MAN Diesel SE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-1=K-1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HAL_Laboratory=HAL Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velocette=Velocette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinarello=Cicli Pinarello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Outcomes=Executive Outcomes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Communications=Reliance Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Blue_Byte=Blue Byte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crytek=Crytek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vekoma=Vekoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawai_Musical_Instruments=Kawai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toei_Animation=Toei Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzuki=Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egosoft=Egosoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlliedSignal=AlliedSignal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skis_Rossignol=Skis Rossignol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whole_Foods_Market=Whole Foods Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Castle_(restaurant)=White Castle (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heathrow_Airport_Holdings=BAA plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_Hughes=Baker Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boss_Corporation=Boss Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Helicopter_Company=Robinson Helicopter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Conservative_Union=American Conservative Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEG=AEG (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Aviation=GE Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LexisNexis=LexisNexis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldwyn_Pictures=Goldwyn Pictures Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spot_Image=Spot Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DigitalGlobe=DigitalGlobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissin_Foods=Nissin Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKinsey_&_Company=McKinsey & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analog_Devices=Analog Devices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Corps=Apple Corps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_for_Reform_Judaism=Union for Reform Judaism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBCUniversal=NBCUniversal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olive_Garden=Olive Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orenstein_&_Koppel=Orenstein & Koppel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telefunken=Telefunken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omnicom_Group=Omnicom Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WPP_plc=WPP plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stern's=Stern's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Railways=Indian Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._H._Belo=A. H. Belo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belo=Belo (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LG_Electronics=LG Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRISA_TV=Sogecable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tektronix=Tektronix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Match=Swedish Match
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SABMiller=SABMiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affymetrix=Affymetrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikkor=Nikkor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qinetiq=QinetiQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornby_Railways=Hornby Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animusic=Animusic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TriStar_Pictures=TriStar Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amblin_Entertainment=Amblin Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Steel=Tata Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollerblade=Rollerblade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_County_Choppers=Orange County Choppers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IO_Interactive=IO Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HP_Autonomy=Autonomy Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PTC_(software_company)=Parametric Technology Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koss_Corporation=Koss Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Rock_Entertainment=Castle Rock Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooters=Hooters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pernod_Ricard=Pernod Ricard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epiphone=Epiphone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JFE_Holdings=JFE Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sojitz=Sojitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumitomo_Corporation=Sumitomo Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juniper_Networks=Juniper Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Cars=Lola Racing Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodyear_Tire_and_Rubber_Company=Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firestone_Tire_and_Rubber_Company=Firestone (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karmann=Karmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Pictures=Hollywood Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimension_Films=Dimension Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saab_Automobile=Saab Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mail_Boxes_Etc.=Mail Boxes Etc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perodua=Perodua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fender_Musical_Instruments_Corporation=Fender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denny's=Denny's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vanguard_Group=The Vanguard Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komatsu_Limited=Komatsu Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Gas_and_Electric_Company=Pacific Gas and Electric Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PolyGram_Filmed_Entertainment=Polygram Filmed Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble_Automotive=Noble Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insomniac_Games=Insomniac Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prada=Prada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ensoniq=Ensoniq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxer_TV_Access=Boxer TV Access
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Media_Network=All Media Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Diamond_Equipment=Black Diamond Equipment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arc_System_Works=Arc System Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandalay_Resort_Group=Mandalay Resort Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Watch_Company=International Watch Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victorinox=Victorinox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Orlando=Universal Orlando Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Sky_Golden_Harvest=Golden Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MOS_Burger=MOS Burger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaskawa_Electric_Corporation=Yaskawa Electric Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artisan_Entertainment=Artisan Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PR_Newswire=PR Newswire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akella=Akella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophos=Sophos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby-Spears=Ruby-Spears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyds_Bank=Lloyds Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solaris_Bus_&_Coach=Solaris Bus & Coach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Pictures_Television=Sony Pictures Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulzer_(manufacturer)=Sulzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maersk=Maersk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_Matter_Interactive=Gray Matter Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity_Ward=Infinity Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neversoft=Neversoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treyarch=Treyarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inditex=Inditex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skycity_Entertainment_Group=SKYCITY Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Nevada_Brewing_Company=Sierra Nevada Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IHI_Corporation=IHI Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eon_Productions=EON Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talbot=Talbot (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Arms=Savage Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magneti_Marelli=Magneti Marelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browning_Arms_Company=Browning Arms Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Occidental_Petroleum=Occidental Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagato=Zagato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chanel=Chanel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versace=Gianni Versace (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panavia_Aircraft_GmbH=Panavia Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahold=Ahold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amphenol=Amphenol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_Trucks=Renault Trucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_Buses=Volvo Buses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackhill_Enterprises=Blackhill Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowe's=Lowe's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Advanced_Defense_Systems=Rafael Advanced Defense Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbital_Sciences_Corporation=Orbital Sciences Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G&L_Musical_Instruments=G&L
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DoubleClick=DoubleClick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohl's=Kohl's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Pen_Company=The Parker Pen Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tissot=Tissot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigelow_Aerospace=Bigelow Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Caribbean_International=Royal Caribbean International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Cruises=Celebrity Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pancrase=Pancrase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasier=Brasier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Lilly_and_Company=Eli Lilly and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impressions_Games=Impressions Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilted_Mill_Entertainment=Tilted Mill Entertainement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilatus_Aircraft=Pilatus Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epyx=Epyx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Capital_Aviation_Services=GE Capital Aviation Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Televisa=Televisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krystal_(restaurant)=Krystal (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SanDisk=SanDisk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Drinks=Virgin Drinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagami_Railway=Ferrovie Sotetsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiko=Seiko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulova=Bulova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiquita_Brands_International=Chiquita Brands International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenger=Wenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaupunkt=Blaupunkt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Concepts=Visual Concepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cognizant=Cognizant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piranha_Bytes=Piranha Bytes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_Integrated_Systems=Silicon Integrated Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_Vision=Arts Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unic=Unic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PizzaExpress=Pizza Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgin_National_Watch_Company=Elgin Watch Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buell_Motorcycle_Company=Buell Motorcycle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athletic_Model_Guild=Athletic Model Guild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dole_Food_Company=Dole Food Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swingline=Swingline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domino's_Pizza=Domino's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cracker_Barrel=Cracker Barrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamiya=Mamiya (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hertz_Corporation=The Hertz Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchor_Brewing_Company=Anchor Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stainless_Steel_Studios=Stainless Steel Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks_Brothers=Brooks Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sensible_Software=Sensible Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaesu_(brand)=Yaesu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MikroTik=Mikrotik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keikyu=Keikyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introversion_Software=Introversion Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvis_Car_and_Engineering_Company=Alvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cockerill-Sambre=Cockerill-Sambre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Heise=Heinz Heise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textron=Textron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Star_Line=Blue Star Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLaren_Automotive=McLaren Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xilinx=Xilinx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OQO=OQO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold's_Gym=Gold's Gym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firmenich=Firmenich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breitling_SA=Breitling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learjet=Learjet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpaceX=SpaceX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookfield_Asset_Management=Brookfield Asset Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_(company)=Key (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbin_Aircraft_Industry_Group=Harbin Aircraft Industry Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monolith_Soft=Monolith Soft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squier=Squier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coles_Supermarkets=Coles Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_(footwear)=Buffalo Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_Irish_Banks=Allied Irish Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richemont=Gruppo Richemont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhouse_(company)=Madhouse (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomingdale's=Bloomingdale's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gucci=Gucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westvleteren_Brewery=Brouwerij Westvleteren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Press_Institute=International Press Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrero_SpA=Ferrero (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webley_&_Scott=Webley & Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pillsbury_Company=Pillsbury Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courvoisier=Courvoisier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nano-RAM=Nano-RAM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinclair_Radionics=Sinclair Radionics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott-Detroit=Abbott-Detroit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenworth=Kenworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterbilt=Peterbilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freightliner_Trucks=Freightliner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jim_Henson_Company=Jim Henson Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomos=Tomos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AJS=AJS (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Vuitton=Louis Vuitton (imprenditore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecmo=Tecmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amilcar=Amilcar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timken_Company=Timken Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hoover_Company=Hoover (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexmark=Lexmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes-AMG=Mercedes-AMG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetApp=NetApp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_Siddeley=Armstrong Siddeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_Whitworth=Armstrong Whitworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LVMH=LVMH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coventry_Climax=Coventry Climax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hennessy=Hennessy (cognac)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quick_(restaurant)=Quick (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moleskine=Moleskine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omega_SA=Omega (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.L.Bean=L.L.Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advance_Publications=Advance Publications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance_Technologies=Renaissance Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballot_(automobile)=Ballot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moody's_Corporation=Moody's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamix=Dynamix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MV_Agusta=MV Agusta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Head_Studios=Human Head Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABS-CBN_Corporation=ABS-CBN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mausu_Promotion=Mausu Promotion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Tomaso=De Tomaso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_plc=Future plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockwell_Collins=Rockwell Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Motors=Tata Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrick_Gold=Barrick Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brabus=Brabus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duesenberg=Duesenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanosys=Nanosys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landsvirkjun=Landsvirkjun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WMS_Industries=WMS Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_Development_Oman=Petroleum Development Oman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Gobain=Saint-Gobain (gruppo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Outfitters=Urban Outfitters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times_Group=The Times Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_Defense,_Space_&_Security=Boeing Defense, Space & Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CAE_Inc.=CAE (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumitomo_Mitsui_Financial_Group=Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kymco=Kymco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Healthcare=GE Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaggia=Gaggia (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cognos=Cognos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolco_Pictures=Carolco Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Electric_Power_Company=Tokyo Electric Power Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geely=Geely Holding Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAIC_Motor=Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attachmate=Attachmate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blackstone_Group=Blackstone Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehman_Brothers=Lehman Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safeway_Inc.=Safeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berliet=Berliet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BPL_Group=British Physical Laboratories Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Origin=Blue Origin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Hunter=Swan Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fruit_of_the_Loom=Fruit of the Loom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teledyne_Technologies=Teledyne Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/POSCO=POSCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elitegroup_Computer_Systems=Elitegroup Computer Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuance_Communications=Nuance Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shubert_Organization=The Shubert Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danisco=Danisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farfisa=Farfisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telenor_Denmark=Telenor Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atos=Atos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krups=Krups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Buffalo=Flying Buffalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enbridge=Enbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfax_Financial=Fairfax Financial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rickenbacker_(car)=Rickenbacker Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martell_(cognac)=Martello (Italia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USA_Track_&_Field=USA Track & Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Levinson_Audio_Systems=Mark Levinson Audio Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nucor=Nucor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESP_Guitars=ESP (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PPG_Industries=PPG Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fawcett_Comics=Fawcett Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAG_Heuer=TAG Heuer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_(company)=Look Cycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magna_Steyr=Magna Steyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fry's_Electronics=Fry's Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coca-Cola_Company=The Coca-Cola Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian-American_Company=Compagnia russo-americana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikon=Nikon Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eutelsat=Eutelsat Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EToro=EToro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsidian_Entertainment=Obsidian Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rheinmetall=Rheinmetall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd's_Register=Lloyd's Register
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Sky_Studios=Blue Sky Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Robot_Productions=Bad Robot Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Corporation=Pioneer (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magirus=Magirus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radisson_Hotels=Radisson Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behringer=Behringer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Stearns=Bear Stearns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABKCO_Records=ABKCO Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enigma_Records=Enigma Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rete_Ferroviaria_Italiana=Rete Ferroviaria Italiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenitalia=Trenitalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homestead_Records=Homestead Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amgen=Amgen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steyr-Daimler-Puch=Steyr-Daimler-Puch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getty_Oil=Getty Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aoni_Production=Aoni Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church's_Chicken=Church's Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Storm_Entertainment=Ubisoft Red Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micro-Star_International=Micro-Star International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Sciences_Corporation=Computer Sciences Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThyssenKrupp=ThyssenKrupp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pratt_&_Whitney_Canada=Pratt & Whitney Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groupe_Bull=Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_John=Sean John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StudioCanal=StudioCanal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsonite=Samsonite (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poker_Hall_of_Fame=Poker Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Armour=Under Armour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_Films=Triumph Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_TriStar_Television=Columbia TriStar Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TriStar_Television=TriStar Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Pictures_Television=Columbia Pictures Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nihon_Falcom=Nihon Falcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Cruise_Line=Disney Cruise Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/40_Acres_and_a_Mule_Filmworks=40 Acres & a Mule Filmworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascend_Communications=Ascend Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cargill=Cargill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retro_Studios=Retro Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradford_&_Bingley=Bradford & Bingley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadrolinija=Jadrolinija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Henson_Pictures=Jim Henson Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Television=Walt Disney Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Television=Universal Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laugh-O-Gram_Studio=Laugh-O-Gram Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Lines=United States Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estes_Industries=Estes Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diesel_(brand)=Diesel (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premiere_Networks=Premiere Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohm=Rohm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VSA_(Kennedy_Center)=VSA (Kennedy Center)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capgemini=Capgemini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_Roadshow=Village Roadshow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebellion_Developments=Rebellion Developments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DC_Shoes=DC Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cryo_Interactive=Cryo Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Enfield=Royal Enfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenzing_AG=Lenzing (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenbauer=Rosenbauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palfinger=Palfinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Field's=Marshall Field's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ling-Temco-Vought=Ling-Temco-Vought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilead_Sciences=Gilead Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatsunoko_Production=Tatsunoko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashok_Leyland=Ashok Leyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krome_Studios_Melbourne=Melbourne House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armani=Giorgio Armani (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezaki_Glico=Ezaki Glico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codelco=Codelco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameSpot=GameSpot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Huge_Games=Big Huge Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Railways=Pakistan Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Type-Moon=Type-Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameStop=GameStop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenovo=Lenovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meade_Instruments=Meade Instruments Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn_Automobile=Auburn (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BKV=BKV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IntraCorp=IntraCorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capstone_Software=Capstone Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRobot=IRobot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TPG_Capital=Texas Pacific Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JCB_(company)=J. C. Bamford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameSpy=GameSpy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peavey_Electronics=Peavey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBCUniversal_Entertainment_Japan=NBCUniversal Entertainment Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuborg_Brewery=Tuborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medtronic=Medtronic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seibu_Railway=Ferrovie Seibu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RTVE=RTVE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Gravity_Corporation=Zero Gravity Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AC_Comics=AC Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinclair_Research=Sinclair Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordisk_Film=Nordisk Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D-Link=D-Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Black_&_Decker=Stanley Black & Decker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurin_&_Klement=Laurin & Klement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Interactive=Virgin Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukoil=LUKoil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COSCO=COSCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerfer=Aerfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Harvester=International Harvester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirrus_Aircraft=Cirrus Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Ichi_Software=Nippon Ichi Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolliger_&_Mabillard=Bolliger & Mabillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTS_(network_provider)=Mobile TeleSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stagecoach_Group=Stagecoach Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Cruise_Line=Norwegian Cruise Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Trucks=Sterling Trucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Diesel=Detroit Diesel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTU_Friedrichshafen=MTU Friedrichshafen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setra=Setra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMR_Corporation=AMR Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Horsemen_Studios=Four Horsemen Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosler_Automotive=Mosler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yonex=Yonex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macmillan_Publishers=Macmillan Publishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZF_Friedrichshafen=ZF Friedrichshafen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacuzzi=Jacuzzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobu_Railway=Ferrovie Tōbu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Group=Kerry Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddy_Power=Paddy Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icom_Incorporated=Icom Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delphine_Software_International=Delphine Software International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novo_Nordisk=Novo Nordisk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braun_(company)=Braun (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maruti_Suzuki=Maruti Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alienware=Alienware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodexo=Sodexo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Heijn=Albert Heijn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunnock's=Tunnock's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soyuzmultfilm=Sojuzmul'tfil'm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UGC_(cinema_operator)=Union Générale Cinématographique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cummins=Cummins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softwin=Softwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Boero=Aero Boero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S_Group=S-Ryhmä
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_of_Honor=Ring of Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelephone=Pelephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worth1000=Worth1000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natsume_(company)=Natsume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Hollywood=Planet Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burberry=Burberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvel_Studios=Marvel Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frigidaire=Frigidaire (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Electric=Mitsubishi Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Reflections=Ubisoft Reflections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequoia_Capital=Sequoia Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repsol=Repsol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardock=Stardock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steak_'n_Shake=Steak 'n Shake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enercon=Enercon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSM_(company)=DSM (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spark_Unlimited=Spark Unlimited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Designers'_Workshop=Game Designers' Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_&_Taylor=Lord & Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_D._Little=Arthur D. Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remedy_Entertainment=Remedy Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Medical_Response=American Medical Response
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zara_(retailer)=Zara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Store=Disney Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embraco=Embraco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norinco=Norinco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_La_Rue=De La Rue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google=Google (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PKN_Orlen=PKN Orlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Aerospace_Industries=Israel Aerospace Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argonaut_Games=Argonaut Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakuten=Rakuten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_Roadshow_Pictures=Village Roadshow Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Home_Stores=British Home Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F-Secure=F-Secure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codemasters=Codemasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandarin_Oriental_Hotel_Group=Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trump_Entertainment_Resorts=Trump Entertainment Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTR_Corporation=MTR Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associated_Equipment_Company=Associated Equipment Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panda_Security=Panda Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockwell_Automation=Rockwell Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Studios=WWE Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurocom=Eurocom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Union_of_Geological_Sciences=Unione internazionale di scienze geologiche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garmin=Garmin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VTech=VTech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrangler_(jeans)=Wrangler (jeans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BusinessObjects=Business Objects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mythic_Entertainment=Mythic Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petronas=Petronas (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferranti=Ferranti (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Man_(company)=Music Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_UFO_Research_Association=British UFO Research Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Criterion_Collection=The Criterion Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_Rubber=Avon Rubber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gremlin_Interactive=Gremlin Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Dolomiti=Air Dolomiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AGCO=AGCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marubeni=Marubeni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinamic_Multimedia=Dinamic Multimedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinamic_Software=Dinamic Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenwood_Corporation=Kenwood Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accor=Accor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S3_Graphics=S3 Graphics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alps_Electric=Alps Electric Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synaptics=Synaptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Music_Electronic_Company=Orange Amplification
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telekom_Malaysia=Telekom Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MMM_(Ponzi_scheme_company)=MMM (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mittal_Steel_Company=Mittal Steel Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivendi=Vivendi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_News=BBC News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd-AO=Todd-AO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revell=Revell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Gold=U.S. Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Migros=Migros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganz_Works=Ganz (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pampers=Pampers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratfor=Stratfor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulcan_Foundry=Vulcan Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aixam=Aixam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottega_Veneta=Bottega Veneta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sansui_Electric=Sansui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Dion-Bouton=De Dion-Bouton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briggs_&_Stratton=Briggs & Stratton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McVitie's=McVitie's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_M=BMW M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malibu_Comics=Malibu Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Plus=E-Plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marconi_Company=Marconi Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearst,_Haggin,_Tevis_and_Co.=Hearst, Haggin, Tevis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tengen_(company)=Tengen (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemco=Kemco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowne_Plaza=Crowne Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Extremes=Digital Extremes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOMO=Lomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRS_Guitars=PRS Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Interactive_Studios=Disney Interactive Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._&_J._Clark=Clarks (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadowsky=Sadowsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Rossi=Sergio Rossi (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boucheron=Boucheron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whirlpool_Corporation=Whirlpool Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanjin=Hanjin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singer_Motors=Singer Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delage=Delage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SK_Group=Gruppo SK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LDV_Group=LDV Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steyr_Tractor=Steyr Traktoren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederator_Studios=Frederator Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OnStar=OnStar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JBL=JBL (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wurlitzer=Rudolph Wurlitzer Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suez_Canal_Company=Compagnia del Canale di Suez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharkiv_Morozov_Machine_Building_Design_Bureau=Kharkiv Morozov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pi_Studios=Pi Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IAC_(company)=IAC/InterActiveCorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiffany_&_Co.=Tiffany & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underwood_Typewriter_Company=Underwood Typewriter Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacheron_Constantin=Vacheron Constantin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prestige_Records=Prestige Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piaget_SA=Piaget (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimps=Dimps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Software=Ocean Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardians_of_Order=Guardians of Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whittaker's=Whittaker's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palladium_Books=Palladium Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netgear=Netgear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Remote_Control=Japan Remote Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMC_Software=BMC Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PDVSA=PDVSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Guitars=Jackson Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollei=Rollei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cemex=CEMEX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marathon_Petroleum=Marathon Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paiste=Paiste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tama_Drums=Tama Drums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navantia=Navantia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PepsiCo=PepsiCo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loews_Corporation=Loews Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonzo_(company)=Gonzo (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gathering_of_Developers=Gathering of Developers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_Mobile=Siemens Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithuanian_Railways=Lietuvos geležinkeliai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TUI_Group=TUI (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Marui=Tokyo Marui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovation_Guitar_Company=Ovation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camelot_Software_Planning=Camelot Software Planning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilmor=Ilmor Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordini=Simca-Gordini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repco=Repco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VM_Motori=VM Motori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixt=Sixt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vans=Vans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legg_Mason=Legg Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offenhauser=Offenhauser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_State_Railways=Polskie Koleje Państwowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boost_Mobile=Boost Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stinson_Aircraft_Company=Stinson Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARO=ARO (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicks=Vicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonor=Sonor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gretsch=Gretsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFIP=UFIP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wrestling_All-Stars=World Wrestling All-Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohn_Pedersen_Fox=Kohn Pedersen Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beckman_Coulter=Beckman Coulter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_Air=Lion Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norges_Bank=Norges Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colnago=Colnago (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geek_Squad=Geek Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accoona=Accoona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bpost=Belgian Post Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenaris=Tenaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_North_Face=The North Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intamin=Intamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Records=Tower Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_Roman=Film Roman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factor_5=Factor 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Megatrends=American Megatrends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fore_River_Shipyard=Fore River Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prodrive=Prodrive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_Customs=West Coast Customs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adtranz=Adtranz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathmos=Mathmos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Aylings=Lola Aylings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myspace=Myspace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lite-On=Lite-On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marantz=Marantz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAIPA=SAIPA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acronis=Acronis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuhn,_Loeb_&_Co.=Kuhn Loeb & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benchmark_(venture_capital_firm)=Benchmark (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nihon_Ad_Systems=Nihon Ad Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hohner=Hohner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Industries=Brother Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thor_Steinar=Thor Steinar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiny_Entertainment=Shiny Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSC_Cruises=MSC Crociere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Motors=Asia Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutz_AG=Deutz (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delahaye=Delahaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yara_International=Yara (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PetroChina=PetroChina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajinomoto=Ajinomoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNCASE=Société nationale des constructions aéronautiques du sud-est
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meitetsu=Ferrovie Meitetsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OMV=Österreichische Mineralölverwaltung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gearbox_Software=Gearbox Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agip=Agip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Music_Group=Disney Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Animation_Studios=Walt Disney Animation Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warburg_Pincus=Warburg Pincus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Films=MTV Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suez_(company)=Suez (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TNT_N.V.=TNT (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osram=OSRAM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine_Entertainment=Imagine Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bitmap_Brothers=The Bitmap Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo_Entertainment_Analysis_&_Development=Nintendo EAD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emaar_Properties=Emaar Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muji=Muji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swatch=Swatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosneft=Rosneft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Motor_Car_Company=Jordan Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Scientific=Boston Scientific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahi_Broadcasting_Corporation=Asahi Broadcasting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Grid_Corporation_of_China=State Grid Corporation of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naughty_Dog=Naughty Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheraton_Hotels_and_Resorts=Sheraton International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siebel_Systems=Siebel Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinopec=Sinopec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainichi_Broadcasting_System=Mainichi Broadcasting System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yomiuri_Telecasting_Corporation=Yomiuri TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritter_Sport=Ritter Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Laser_Games=American Laser Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schweizer_Aircraft=Schweizer Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroglyph_Games=Petroglyph Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Vegas_Sands=Las Vegas Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Drums=Pearl Musical Instrument Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elex_Media_Komputindo=Elex Media Komputindo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglo_American_plc=Anglo American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Parks_&_Resorts=Parchi tematici degli Universal Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PopCap_Games=PopCap Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yulon=Yulon Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediterranean_Shipping_Company=Mediterranean Shipping Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto_Ltd.=Toto (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Board_Options_Exchange=Chicago Board Options Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonsdale_(clothing)=Lonsdale (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunkin'_Brands=Dunkin' Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20th_Television=20th Century Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WEGA=WEGA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Controls=Johnson Controls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chery=Chery Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerospace_Industrial_Development_Corporation=Aerospace Industrial Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bendix_Corporation=Bendix Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isotta_Fraschini=Isotta Fraschini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat_Zone_Wrestling=Combat Zone Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TimeGate_Studios=TimeGate Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkane_Studios=Arkane Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Studios_Australia=Fox Studios Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks_Sports=Brooks Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montblanc_(company)=Montblanc (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seibu_Kaihatsu=Seibu Kaihatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miele=Miele (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_Leeds=Rockstar Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_Toronto=Rockstar Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_San_Diego=Rockstar San Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iiyama_(company)=Iiyama (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man's_Ruin_Records=Man's Ruin Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Stewardship_Council=Marine Stewardship Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudang_Garam=Gudang Garam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkinson_Sword=Wilkinson Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsoft=Kingsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.C._Rich=B.C. Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamCatcher_Interactive=DreamCatcher Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamba_Juice=Jamba Juice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beiersdorf=Beiersdorf (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_British_East_Africa_Company=Compagnia britannica dell'Africa Orientale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shure=Shure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMG,_Inc.=EMG (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigabyte_Technology=Gigabyte Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irrational_Games=Irrational Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Northwest=Falcon Northwest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotpoint=Hotpoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peerless_Motor_Company=Peerless Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_Telegraphic_Agency=Jewish Telegraphic Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandemic_Studios=Pandemic Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saber_Interactive=Saber Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Repeating_Arms_Company=U.S. Repeating Arms Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banpresto=Banpresto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Amplification=Marshall Amplification
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellenic_Railways_Organisation=Organismos Sidirodromon Ellados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balenciaga=Balenciaga (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmony_Gold_USA=Harmony Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondragon_Corporation=Mondragon Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Motor_Corporation=China Motor Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babolat=Babolat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skrill=Skrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TDC_A/S=TDC A/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FANUC=FANUC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesa_Boogie=Mesa Boogie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schneider_Electric=Schneider Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weihrauch=Weihrauch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspyr=Aspyr Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oi_(telecommunications)=Oi (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versatile_(company)=Versatile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Miller_(manufacturer)=Herman Miller (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JCDecaux=JCDecaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Blues=House of Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAKO=Sako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Uberti,_Srl.=Aldo Uberti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marathon_Oil=Marathon Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeno-Watch_Basel=Zeno-Watch Basel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujitsu_Siemens_Computers=Fujitsu Siemens Computers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amblimation=Amblimation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlitz_Corporation=Berlitz School of Languages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BYD_Auto=BYD Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slingerland_Drum_Company=Slingerland Drum Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regent_Seven_Seas_Cruises=Regent Seven Seas Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bimota=Bimota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Atomics=General Atomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Populous_(company)=Populous (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Studios_Motion_Pictures=The Walt Disney Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smit_International=Smit Internationale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Greenland=Air Greenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakarta_Stock_Exchange=Borsa di Giacarta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castorama=Castorama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo_Software_Technology=Nintendo Software Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Aluminum_Co.=Mitsubishi Aluminum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Chemical_Corporation=Mitsubishi Chemical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayfair_Games=Mayfair Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Drums=Ludwig-Musser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nero_AG=Nero AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateme=Ateme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMG_(company)=IMG (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster_(pay_service)=Napster (servizio a pagamento)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_&_Olufsen=Bang & Olufsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Percussion=Premier Percussion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Maps=Google Maps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Guitars=Dean Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mucky_Foot_Productions=Mucky Foot Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenith_(watchmaker)=Zenith (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spector=Spector (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSA_International=PSA International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuros_Technology=Neuros Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_Motor_Car_Company=Oakland Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Comics=Broadway Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Line_(ferry_operator)=Color Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_Trust=Carbon Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierrot_(company)=Pierrot (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saleen=Saleen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navistar_International=Navistar International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washburn_Guitars=Washburn Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamWorks_Animation=DreamWorks Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul_Metropolitan_Rapid_Transit_Corporation=Azienda di trasporto metropolitano di Seul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolters_Kluwer=Wolters Kluwer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TDK=TDK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pace_plc=Pace Microtechnologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TEAC_Corporation=TEAC Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levant_Company=Compagnia del Levante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polikarpov=Polikarpov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Chemicals=Sony Chemicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enoki_Films=Enoki Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikegami_Tsushinki=Ikegami Tsushinki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TED_(conference)=TED (conferenza)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winchester_Repeating_Arms_Company=Winchester Repeating Arms Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italdesign_Giugiaro=Italdesign Giugiaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madman_Entertainment=Madman Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoei=Shoei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_France=Radio France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filofax=Filofax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Tahiti=Air Tahiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyro_Studios=Pyro Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_Skis=Atomic Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iraq_Petroleum_Company=Iraq Petroleum Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiskars=Fiskars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_Draft_Studios=Rough Draft Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Italia=Sky Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasol=Sasol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tele2=Tele2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duvel_Moortgat_Brewery=Duvel Moortgat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmalle_Brewery=Westmalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyson_(company)=Dyson (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyer_Werft=Meyer Werft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediaset=Mediaset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnolia_Pictures=Magnolia Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Infrastructure=Reliance Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selig_Polyscope_Company=Selig Polyscope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PNY_Technologies=PNY Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_Sport=Renault Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SugarCRM=SugarCRM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monogram_Pictures=Monogram Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fnac=Fnac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_(vehicle_manufacturer)=Roman (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swarovski=Swarovski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grado_Labs=Grado Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_AG=Continental AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Bushmills_Distillery=Old Bushmills Distillery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas/Seaboard_Comics=Atlas/Seaboard Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N._W._Ayer_&_Son=N. W. Ayer & Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMAG_Austria_Metall_AG=Austria Metall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MartinLogan=MartinLogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McFarlane_Toys=McFarlane Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panini_Comics=Panini Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Raven,_Inc.=Glen Raven (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maisto=Maisto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picsearch=Picsearch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moog_Music=Moog Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UPC_Romania=UPC Romania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Dynamics=Crystal Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omron=Omron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Bus=Bang Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeneca=Zeneca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All-Clad=All-Clad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umbro=Umbro (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guess_(clothing)=Guess?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashdown_Engineering=Ashdown Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Small_Arms_Factory=Royal Small Arms Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wynn_Resorts=Wynn Resorts Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Publishing=Warren Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joint_Commission=Joint Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayrak=Bayrak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starbreeze_Studios=Starbreeze Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Timberland_Company=Timberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TracFone_Wireless=TracFone Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drum_Workshop=Drum Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EQT_Partners=EQT Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panavision=Panavision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baume_et_Mercier=Baume & Mercier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArenaNet=ArenaNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schott_AG=Schott AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariolasoft=Ariolasoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citadel_Miniatures=Citadel Miniatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schneider_Kreuznach=Schneider Kreuznach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_Corporation=Harris Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baidu=Baidu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clorox=Clorox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyphony_Digital=Polyphony Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeronca_Aircraft=Aeronca Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illy=Illycaffè
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landry's,_Inc.=Landry's Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avery_Dennison=Avery Dennison Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlsen_Verlag=Carlsen Verlag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirrus_Logic=Cirrus Logic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_Bicycles=Giant (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sephora=Sephora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAGEM=Sagem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TF1_Group=Groupe TF1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradox_Interactive=Paradox Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Editora_Abril=Editora Abril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Boss=Hugo Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shangri-La_Hotels_and_Resorts=Shangri-La Hotel and Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucasfilm_Animation=Lucasfilm Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moody's_Investors_Service=Moody's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxis_Communications=Maxis Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electroputere=Electroputere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyco_Toys=Tyco Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_Networks=Bay Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Energy=Duke Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junction_Point_Studios=Junction Point Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamiya_Corporation=Tamiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simtex=Simtex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telltale_Games=Telltale Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhutan_Broadcasting_Service=Bhutan Broadcasting Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Efes_Beverage_Group=Efes Pilsener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinness_Brewery=St. James's Gate Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hakuhodo=Hakuhodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartier_(jeweler)=Cartier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirby_Company=Kirby Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TJX_Companies=TJX Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolseley_Motors=Wolseley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alltel=Alltel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debswana=Debswana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Techniques_d'Avant_Garde=Techniques d'Avant Garde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Sporting_Goods=Wilson Sporting Goods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Airways=Atlantic Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonatrach=Sonatrach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascaron=Ascaron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babcock_&_Wilcox=Babcock & Wilcox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Entertainment_Rating_Organization=Computer Entertainment Rating Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.P._Morgan_&_Co.=J.P. Morgan & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Instrument=General Instrument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associated_British_Foods=Associated British Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitto_Denko=Nitto Denko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Corporation=CBS Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Cellular=U.S. Cellular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bain_Capital=Bain Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transcend_Information=Transcend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventure_Company=The Adventure Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortnum_&_Mason=Fortnum & Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrobras=Petrobras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_and_Hues_Studios=Rhythm and Hues Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Robin=Red Robin Gourmet Burgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivid_Entertainment=Vivid Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BG_Group=BG Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McIntosh_Laboratory=McIntosh Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kubota=Kubota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movistar=Movistar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strategy_First=Strategy First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Core_Design=Core Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incognito_Entertainment=Incognito Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZTE=ZTE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisa_(company)=Elisa Oyj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realtek=Realtek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaxo=Plaxo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LyondellBasell=LyondellBasell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skechers=Skechers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Caesars=Little Caesars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Line_6_(company)=Line 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movado=Movado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croteam=Croteam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archos=Archos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AeroVironment=AeroVironment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sucker_Punch_Productions=Sucker Punch Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arri=Arri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gedeon_Richter=Gedeon Richter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hexagon_AB=Hexagon (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DINA_S.A.=DINA SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navman=Navman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Hool=Van Hool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_Software=Palace Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviation_Industry_Computer-Based_Training_Committee=AICC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentel=Pentel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modenas=Modenas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaCie=LaCie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintet_(company)=Quintet (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampeg=Ampeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Torpedo_Boat=Lake Torpedo Boat Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medion=Medion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plus_(telecommunications_Poland)=Polkomtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Selmer_Paris=Henri Selmer Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZiL=Zavod imeni Lichačëva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gust_Co._Ltd.=Gust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caledonian_Brewery=Caledonian Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sumitomo_Bank=Sumitomo Ginkō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barneys_New_York=Barneys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabaya=Kabaya (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criterion_Games=Criterion Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_Entertainment=Rogue Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxio=Roxio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._G._Brill_Company=J. G. Brill Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Pictures_Animation=Sony Pictures Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighting_Network_Rings=Fighting Network Rings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_at_Dawn=Ready at Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNC_(store)=General Nutrition Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_&_Holland=Holland & Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evisu=Evisu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domark_Software=Domark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alembic_Inc=Alembic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiesmann=Wiesmann Auto-Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizuno_Corporation=Mizuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howaldtswerke-Deutsche_Werft=Howaldtswerke-Deutsche Werft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safran=Safran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_Press_Agency=Polska Agencja Prasowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Givenchy=Givenchy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weinstein_Company=The Weinstein Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bontempi=Bontempi (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neutrogena=Neutrogena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Designs=Working Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageia=Ageia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRAM_Corporation=SRAM (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinemark_Theatres=Cinemark Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creditanstalt=Creditanstalt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langenscheidt=Langenscheidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icon_Comics=Icon Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.C.Staff=J.C.Staff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagamama=Wagamama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugatti_Automobiles=Bugatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Era_Cap_Company=New Era Cap Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemia_Interactive=Bohemia Interactive Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanola=Giovanola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MBK_(Scooter_manufacturer)=MBK Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Playground=Digital Playground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellenic_Shipyards_Co.=Elliniká Naupigeía Skaramanká
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gameloft=Gameloft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taurus_(manufacturer)=Taurus (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahara_India_Pariwar=Sahara India Pariwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aditya_Birla_Group=Aditya Birla Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cagiva=Cagiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaguti=Malaguti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molex=Molex (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CMA_CGM=CMA CGM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Performance_Vehicles=Ford Performance Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumo_Digital=Sumo Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snap-on=Snap-on
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_Provocateur_(lingerie)=Agent Provocateur (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg_America_Line=HAPAG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Travelers_Companies=The Travelers Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zetor=Zetor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Mate=Paper Mate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediacom=Mediacom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hill_(bookmaker)=William Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pininfarina=Pininfarina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SGS_S.A.=Société Générale de Surveillance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non-Linear_Systems=Non-Linear Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hacker-Pschorr_Brewery=Hacker-Pschorr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyoness=Lyoness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Pictures=Digital Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schroders=Schroders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KUKA=KUKA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grundig=Grundig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invitrogen=Invitrogen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semiconductor_Manufacturing_International_Corporation=Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Native_Instruments=Native Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerrilla_Games=Guerrilla Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NStigate_Games=NStigate Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruston_(engine_builder)=Ruston & Hornsby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Game_Technology=International Game Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toei_Company=Toei Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shintoho=Shin-Toho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantech=Pantech Curitel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elite_Systems=Elite Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_Motor_Vehicle=Baker Motor Vehicle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knox_Automobile_Company=Knox Automobile Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stearns_(automobile)=Stearns (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Med=Club Méditerranée
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kojima_Productions=Kojima Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesapeake_Energy=Chesapeake Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durell_Software=Durell Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Products_&_Chemicals=Air Products & Chemicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverball_Studios=Fuse Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Steel=Nippon Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Holding_Company=Kingdom Holding Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestron=Celestron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC=HTC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTN_Group=Gruppo MTN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Developments=Frontier Developments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCP_Games=CCP Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_Tyres=Apollo Tyres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electro-Motive_Diesel=Electro-Motive Diesel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vendo=SandenVendo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiton=Kiton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oki_Electric_Industry=Oki Electric Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norddeutscher_Lloyd=Norddeutscher Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgari=Bulgari (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimpoint_AB=Aimpoint AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auchan=Auchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Techland=Techland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staedtler=Staedtler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commissioners_of_Irish_Lights=Commissioners of Irish Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A&E_Networks=A&E Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Industries=Lucas Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohm_and_Haas=Rohm and Haas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Cruises=Princess Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primark=Primark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montegrappa=Montegrappa (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unterhaltungssoftware_Selbstkontrolle=Unterhaltungssoftware Selbstkontrolle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commerzbank=Commerzbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansys=ANSYS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vixen_(telescopes)=Vixen (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tandem_Productions=Tandem Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benihana=Benihana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xstrata=Xstrata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denon=Denon (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Iranian_Oil_Company=National Iranian Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garnier=Garnier (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chi-Chi's=Chi-Chi's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selex_ES=Selex ES
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Theatrical_Productions=Disney Theatrical Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ooredoo=Ooredoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_Group=Gruppo Evergreen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Koningshoeven_Brewery=La Trappe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moog_Inc.=Moog (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruf_Automobile=Ruf Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Fraser=House of Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CRL_Group=CRL Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uralvagonzavod=Uralvagonzavod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grob_Aircraft=Grob Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamsoft=Tamsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodenstock_GmbH=Rodenstock (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Pictures_Home_Entertainment=Sony Pictures Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlin_Firearms=Marlin Firearms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namiki=Namiki (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bally_Shoe=Bally (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_World_Computing=New World Computing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcom=Volcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBDO=BBDO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatia_Records=Croatia Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Watch_Company=Hamilton Watch Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U3=U3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunlop_Tyres=Dunlop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clover_Studio=Clover Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.ON=E.ON
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RWE=RWE (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altana=Altana (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HypoVereinsbank=HypoVereinsbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresenius_(company)=Fresenius (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henkel=Henkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrovie_dello_Stato_Italiane=Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortinet=Fortinet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electro-Harmonix=Electro-Harmonix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elan_(company)=Elan (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rendition_(company)=Rendition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Silver=Deep Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantia_(company)=Atlantia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thuraya=Thuraya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuttle_Inc.=Shuttle (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TASCAM=Tascam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plextor=Plextor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveller's_Tales=Traveller's Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getronics=Getronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adaptec=Adaptec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.Crew=J.Crew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Coasters_International=Great Coasters International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elva_(car_manufacturer)=Elva Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlackRock=BlackRock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallink=Tallink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charvel=Charvel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Television_Animation=Disney Television Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hispasat=Hispasat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accuracy_International=Accuracy International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lego_Group=LEGO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerlain=Guerlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulysse_Nardin=Ulysse Nardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Madison_Productions=Happy Madison Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorlu_Holding=Zorlu Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dainese=Dainese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Investigations_Committee_On_Aerial_Phenomena=NICAP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_for_UFO_Studies=CUFOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinique=Clinique Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nishi-Nippon_Railroad=Ferrovie Nishi-Nippon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagemeyer=Hagemeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Vision=Urban Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSCI=MSCI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SFR=Société française du radiotéléphone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadeo=Nadeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Bimbo=Grupo Bimbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zipper_Interactive=Zipper Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teleperformance=Teleperformance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AU_Optronics=AU Optronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamaha_Drums=Yamaha Drums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracinda=Tracinda Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorex=Memorex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skype_Technologies=Microsoft Skype Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Check_Point=Check Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eroski=Eroski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horch=Horch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trijicon=Trijicon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hafei=Harbin Hafei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paktel=Paktel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoto_Animation=Kyoto Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Rail_Research_Division=British Rail Research Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_I._Thornycroft_&_Company=John I. Thornycroft & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEK_Studio=Studio SEK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Kunovice=Let Kunovice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evektor-Aerotechnik=Evektor-Aerotechnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Marine=Mercury Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keyence=Keyence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyivstar=Kyivstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HOK_(firm)=Hellmuth, Obata + Kassabaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_Binladin_Group=Saudi Binladin Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Tsusho=Toyota Tsusho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cookie_Jar_Group=Cookie Jar Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N-Space=N-Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splash_Damage=Splash Damage (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw_Stock_Exchange=Borsa di Varsavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heyday_Films=Heyday Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanjing_Automobile=Nanjing Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodacom=Vodacom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Active=Virgin Active
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apax_Partners=Apax Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tynesoft=Tynesoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kering=Kering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magyar_Posta=Magyar Posta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uhlsport=Uhlsport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkcell=Turkcell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isetan=Isetan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_(jeans)=Lee (jeans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publicis=Publicis Groupe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costa_Coffee=Costa Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maschinenbau_Kiel=Maschinenbau Kiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vossloh=Vossloh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Def_Jam_Recordings=Def Jam Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syngenta=Syngenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherwin-Williams=Sherwin-Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philco=Philco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Systems=Eugen Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canal_Digital=Canal Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinelli=Cinelli (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danaher_Corporation=Danaher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diadora=Diadora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CouchSurfing=CouchSurfing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murata_Manufacturing=Murata Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persol=Persol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aral_AG=Aral (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setanta_Sports=Setanta Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grundfos=Grundfos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billabong_(clothing)=Billabong (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teijin=Teijin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros._Interactive_Entertainment=Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestas=Vestas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo_Research_&_Development_1=Nintendo Research & Development 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazzaroni=D. Lazzaroni & C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwan-Stabilo=Schwan-Stabilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprint_Corporation=Sprint Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordsee=Mare del Nord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burton_Snowboards=Burton Snowboards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminal_Reality=Terminal Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circumvesuviana=Ferrovia Circumvesuviana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cintra=Cintra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpine_Electronics=Alpine Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MGM_Television=MGM Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenet_Healthcare=Tenet Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Rubber_Company=Uniroyal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomy=Tomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fazioli=Fazioli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Liquide=Air Liquide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sbarro=Sbarro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMSHost=HMSHost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genius_Sonority=Genius Sonority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girard-Perregaux=Girard-Perregaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willcom=Willcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Motorcycles=Vincent Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alibaba_Group=Alibaba Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hino_Motors=Hino Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baxter_International=Baxter International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelme_(company)=Kelme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yugoslav_Railways=Jugoslovenske Železnice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NAD_Electronics=NAD Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantic_Dream=Quantic Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spaceship_Company=The Spaceship Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eighting=Eighting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Music_Entertainment_Japan=Sony Music Entertainment Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpina=Alpina (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung=Samsung Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Audio=Wilson Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LuAZ=LUAZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Generation_Advisory_Council=Space Generation Advisory Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hella_(company)=Hella (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantest=Advantest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PVH_(company)=PVH (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Aerospace_Science_and_Technology_Corporation=Compagnia cinese di scienza e tecnologia aerospaziali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorola_Solutions=Motorola Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wesfarmers=Wesfarmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groupe_Casino=Groupe Casino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburger_Hochbahn=Hamburger Hochbahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Television=China Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandlines=Scandlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Techint=Techint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrania=FILM Ferrania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawa_Moto=Jawa (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brembo=Brembo (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollo_Tropical=Pollo Tropical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Givaudan=Givaudan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matchless=Matchless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chopard=Chopard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fincantieri=Fincantieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerostar=Aerostar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_of_New_Zealand=Canterbury (gruppo musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posten_Norge=Posten Norge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Guys=Five Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trump_Organization=Trump Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mylan=Mylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOHAB=NoHAB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F5_Networks=F5 Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web_Standards_Project=Web Standards Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerospace_Industries_Association=Aerospace Industries Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finos_Film=Finos Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanjin_Shipping=Hanjin Shipping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal-Mogul=Federal-Mogul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresenius_Medical_Care=Fresenius Medical Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keolis=Keolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ETECSA=ETECSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSA_Insurance_Group=RSA Insurance Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginetta_Cars=Ginetta Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longines=Longines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eizo=Eizo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CEVA_Logistics=CEVA Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrotech_Corporation=Spacehab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peach-Pit=PEACH-PIT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AbeBooks=AbeBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compal_Electronics=Compal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedford_Vehicles=Bedford Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ERF_(truck_manufacturer)=ERF (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynolds_American=Reynolds American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salomon_Group=Salomon Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associated_Artists_Productions=Associated Artists Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_MotoCorp=Hero MotoCorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Sports=Prince Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housemarque=Housemarque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stocznia_Gdynia=Cantiere navale di Gdynia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Postbank=Deutsche Postbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FTSE_Group=FTSE Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chas._T._Main=Chas. T. Main
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budget_Rent_a_Car=Budget Autonoleggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Motor_Manufacturing_Company=Premier Motor Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Beardmore_and_Company=William Beardmore and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lear_Corporation=Lear Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freesat=Freesat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XCOR_Aerospace=XCOR Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralliart=Ralliart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grasshopper_Manufacture=Grasshopper Manufacture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_National_Petroleum_Corporation=China National Petroleum Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiseido=Shiseido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BelAZ=Belarusskij Avtomobinnyj Zavod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cressi-Sub=Cressi Sub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toys_for_Bob=Toys for Bob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_(models)=Arnold (modellismo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TMS_Entertainment=TMS Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASmallWorld=ASmallWorld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithuanian_National_Radio_and_Television=Lietuvos Nacionalinis Radijas ir Televizija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audemars_Piguet=Audemars Piguet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetEase=NetEase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Leaf_Foods=Maple Leaf Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_Education_Group=Apollo Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Data_Images=Pacific Data Images
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pangea_Software=Pangea Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banco_Santander=Banco Santander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VF_Corporation=VF Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eni=Eni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuttle_Japan=Shuttle Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animax=Animax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Game_Studios=Beautiful Game Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esprit_Holdings=Esprit Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeSoto_(automobile)=DeSoto (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoigo=Yoigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precision_Manuals_Development_Group=Precision Manuals Development Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hewland=Hewland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meinl_Percussion=Meinl Percussion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_Studios=Evolution Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbea=Orbea (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oricon=Oricon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screen_Gems=Screen Gems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulaner_Brewery=Paulaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_Air_Group=Alaska Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_&_Nephew=Smith & Nephew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrom=OMV Petrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modulus_Guitars=Modulus Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSP_Media=DSP Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xebec_(studio)=Xebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trusted_Computing_Group=Trusted Computing Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glu_Mobile=Glu Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SK_Hynix=SK Hynix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Pictures=Wicked Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judd_(engine)=Judd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_Boots=Alliance Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnoldo_Mondadori_Editore=Arnoldo Mondadori Editore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acclaim_Studios_Austin=Iguana Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Ninja=Koei Tecmo Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ning_(website)=Ning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Island=Stone Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europcar=Europcar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raging_Stallion_Studios=Raging Stallion Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Worcester=Royal Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niederegger=Niederegger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brompton_Bicycle=Brompton Bicycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Telecom_Holding=Global Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psygnosis=SCE Liverpool Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avio=Avio (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brugal=Brugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket_Wireless=Cricket Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agetec=Agetec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ineos=Ineos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BorgWarner=BorgWarner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyker_Cars=Spyker Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hapoel_Tel_Aviv=Hapoel Tel Aviv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STX_Corporation=STX Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_International_Pictures=United International Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frog_City_Software=Frog City Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saban_Entertainment=Saban Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_Tower_Bible_and_Tract_Society_of_Pennsylvania=Società Torre di Guardia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigma-Aldrich=Sigma-Aldrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dufry=Dufry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celgene=Celgene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VARTA=VARTA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotring=Rotring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incorporated_Council_of_Law_Reporting=Law Reports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smeg_(appliances)=Smeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamron=Tamron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cockta=Cockta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_Comics_(1950s)=Atlas Comics (anni cinquanta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media.Vision=Media.Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuddruckers=Fuddruckers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anadarko_Petroleum=Anadarko Petroleum Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ID&T=ID&T
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankee_Candle=Yankee Candle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugbear_Entertainment=Bugbear Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shout!_Factory=Shout! Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bekaert=Bekaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTT_Correios_de_Portugal,_S.A.=CTT Correios de Portugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AGF_(company)=AGF (società)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Balance=New Balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actimel=Actimel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feral_Interactive=Feral Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertu=Vertu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tchibo=Tchibo Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foot_Locker=Foot Locker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derbi=Derbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vostok_watches=Vostok (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenneco=Tenneco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Best_Comics=America's Best Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Morris_International=Philip Morris International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Boston=First Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_Queen=Speed Queen (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNH_Global=CNH Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotel=Rotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Case_Corporation=Case Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DFI=DFI (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubba_Gump_Shrimp_Company=Bubba Gump Shrimp Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malpaso_Productions=Malpaso Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxconn=Foxconn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorillard_Tobacco_Company=Lorillard Tobacco Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krombacher_Brauerei=Krombacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Maryja=Radio Maryja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colruyt_Group=Colruyt Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Technologies=Phoenix Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennzoil=Pennzoil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Containers=Sea Containers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimmel=Rimmel (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galderma=Galderma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denso=Denso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nongshim=Nongshim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Hoare_&_Co=C. Hoare & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humax=Humax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dual_(brand)=Dual (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenko_(company)=Kenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slingsby_Aviation=Slingsby Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randstad_Holding=Randstad (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altadis=Altadis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Level_Games=Next Level Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printemps=Printemps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KT_Corporation=Korea Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picturehouse_(company)=Picturehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBBJ=NBBJ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TEMSA=Temsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Sport=BBC Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yandex=Yandex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wacoal=Wacoal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Danmark=Post Danmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Monte_Foods=Del Monte Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faber-Castell=Faber-Castell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radical_Entertainment=Radical Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordseewerke=Nordseewerke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_21=Forever 21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Otosan=Ford Otosan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Animation=Nippon Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superfast_Ferries=Superfast Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russo-Balt=Russo-Baltique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backbone_Entertainment=Backbone Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flunch=Flunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Invention_Network=Open Invention Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozenbyte=Frozenbyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nu_Skin_Enterprises=Nu Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbur_Chocolate_Company=Wilbur Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorola_Mobility=Motorola Mobility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Admiral_Group=Admiral Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indesit_Company=Indesit Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainian_Railways=Ukrzaliznycja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carhartt=Carhartt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boehringer_Ingelheim=Boehringer Ingelheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_Hardcore=Masters of Hardcore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCM_Holdings=System Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blundstone_Footwear=Blundstone Footwear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celtel=Celtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suunto=Suunto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iberdrola=Iberdrola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestax=Vestax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foster_Wheeler=Foster Wheeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KEMA=KEMA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogdan_group=Bohdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balfour_Beatty=Balfour Beatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essilor=Essilor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Duncan=Seymour Duncan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HQM_Sachsenring_GmbH=Sachsenring (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Ribbon_(software_house)=Blue Ribbon (software house)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MBDA_Deutschland_GmbH=MBDA Deutschland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotto_Sport_Italia=Lotto Sport Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FKI=FKI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creatures_(company)=Creatures Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_(sportswear)=Champion (abbigliamento)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricola=Ricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albemarle_Corporation=Albemarle Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_SoundWorks=Cambridge SoundWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecom_Argentina=Telecom Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelcz=Jelcz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novolipetsk_Steel=Novolipetsk Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkish_Aerospace_Industries=Turkish Aerospace Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripwire_Interactive=Tripwire Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schindler_Group=Schindler Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knipex=Knipex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laika_(company)=Laika (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DP_World=DP World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qiagen=Qiagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Studios_Home_Entertainment=Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Trading_Company=Diamond Trading Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonidas_(chocolate_maker)=Leonidas (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fastweb_(telecommunications_company)=Fastweb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Mobis=Hyundai Mobis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axis_Communications=Axis Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolkline=Norfolkline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RapidEye=RapidEye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Media=Virgin Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walden_Media=Walden Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hommell=Hommell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillet=Gillet (automobili)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_Airways_Holdings=Republic Airways Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husaberg=Husaberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Bureau_of_Shipping=American Bureau of Shipping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capezio=Capezio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szybka_Kolej_Miejska_(Tricity)=Servizio ferroviario metropolitano della Tripla Città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allison_Transmission=Allison Transmission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FRHI_Hotels_&_Resorts=FRHI Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ProSiebenSat.1_Media=ProSiebenSat.1 Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Wall_Motors=Great Wall Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voith=Voith (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mivar=Mivar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Race_Films=One Race Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobs_Engineering_Group=Jacobs Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yash_Raj_Films=Yash Raj Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerion=Aerion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totex=Totex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Deseo=El Deseo (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edeka=Edeka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fila_(company)=Fila (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestron_Video=Vestron Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuke's=Yuke's Future Media Creators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lima_(models)=Lima (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariel_Motor_Company=Ariel (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FrieslandCampina=FrieslandCampina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAW_Group=First Automobile Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsui_Fudosan=Mitsui Fudosan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Le_Coq=A. Le Coq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Aircraft_Industries=Diamond Aircraft Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tula_Arms_Plant=Tul'skij oružejnyj zavod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hankook_Tire=Hankook Tire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veuve_Clicquot=Veuve Clicquot Ponsardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrias_Kaiser_Argentina=Industrias Kaiser Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S-LCD=S-LCD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Penguin=Original Penguin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_Vienna=Rockstar Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dentsu=Dentsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_Deen=Studio Deen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyerdynamic=Beyerdynamic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airports_Authority_of_India=Airports Authority of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/888_Holdings=888 Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Flavors_&_Fragrances=International Flavors and Fragrances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canali=Canali (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOCAR=SOCAR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_de_Cervejas=Sagres (birra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interjet=Interjet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acclaim_Studios_Teesside=Acclaim Studios Teesside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IStock=IStockphoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_Austria=Bank Austria Creditanstalt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banca_Intesa=Banca Intesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YouTube=YouTube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongoose_Publishing=Mongoose Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uniqlo=Uniqlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Land_Development=Henderson Land Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh_Railway=Bangladesh Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PokerStars=PokerStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandai_Namco_Holdings=Bandai Namco Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._R._Grace_and_Company=W. R. Grace and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICOM_Simulations=ICOM Simulations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weber_carburetor=Weber (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franck_Muller=Franck Muller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DiMarzio=DiMarzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21st_Century_Film_Corporation=21st Century Film Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodgeball_(service)=Dodgeball (social network)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radical_Sportscars=Radical Sportscars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnier_Group=Gruppo Bonnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThinkFilm=THINKFilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Space_Alliance=United Space Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandic_Hotels=Scandic Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voxan=Voxan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisense=Hisense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanxess=Lanxess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Construcciones_y_Auxiliar_de_Ferrocarriles=Construcciones y Auxiliar de Ferrocarriles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinergi_Pictures=Cinergi Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clariant=Clariant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navteq=Navteq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P&O_Ferries=P&O Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naftogaz=Naftogaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Barbour_and_Sons=Barbour (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elfin_Sports_Cars=Elfin Sports Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAIC-GM-Wuling=SAIC-GM-Wuling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karsan=Karsan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UD_Trucks=UD Trucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bug-Byte=Bug-Byte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GPA_(company)=Companhia Brasileira de Distribuiçao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartoon_Pizza=Cartoon Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_New_England=Rockstar New England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Correos=Correos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokian_Tyres=Nokian Tyres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carapelli=Carapelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TomTom=TomTom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicarious_Visions=Vicarious Visions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telugu_cinema=Tollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallop_(studio)=Gallop (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Daewoo=Tata Daewoo Commercial Vehicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sting_Entertainment=Sting Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-tel=K-tel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conoco=Conoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fischer_(company)=Fischer (azienda di attrezzature sportive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muslim_Television_Ahmadiyya_International=Muslim Television Ahmadiyya International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muppets_Studio=The Muppets Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sperry_Top-Sider=Sperry Top-Sider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telit=Telit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broccoli_(company)=Broccoli (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stiftung_Warentest=Stiftung Warentest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PKP_Intercity=PKP Intercity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PKP_Cargo=PKP Cargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Integrated=Maxim Integrated Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedgwood=Wedgwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SELEX_Sistemi_Integrati=Selex Sistemi Integrati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FRISK_Software_International=Frisk Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitropa=Mitropa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaz_de_France=Gaz de France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schecter_Guitar_Research=Schecter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsk_Automobile_Plant=Minskij Avtomobil'nyj Zavod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italia_Marittima=Italia Marittima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Soho=SCE Soho Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yokohama_Rubber_Company=Yokohama Rubber Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumitomo_Rubber_Industries=Sumitomo Rubber Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Manufacturing_Company=Pope Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixi=Mixi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anjunabeats=Anjunabeats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Pro_Wrestling=One Pro Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koelnmesse=Koelnmesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilti=Hilti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynit=Dynit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blufin=Blufin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_(company)=Spike (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intuitive_Surgical=Intuitive Surgical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remo=Remo (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcopolo_S.A.=Marcopolo (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AVM_GmbH=AVM (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immersion_Corporation=Immersion Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANEK_Lines=Anek Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BRB_Internacional=BRB Internacional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoan_Lines=Minoan Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tohokushinsha_Film=Tohokushinsha Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FMC_Corporation=FMC Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polar_Electro=Polar Electro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axel_Springer_SE=Axel Springer (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guild_Guitar_Company=Guild Guitar Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enel=Enel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momo_(company)=MOMO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garelli_Motorcycles=Garelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Post=Počta Rossii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wengo=Wengo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SYM_Motors=SYM (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abt_Sportsline=Abt Sportsline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartamundi=Cartamundi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HGST=Hitachi Global Storage Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skip_Ltd.=Skip Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurosam=Eurosam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PERI=PERI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Rowe_Price=T. Rowe Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GSC_Game_World=GSC Game World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_&_Racing_Technology=SRT (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanguard_Animation=Vanguard Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moschino=Moschino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.Leclerc=E.Leclerc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pertamina=Pertamina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transnet_Freight_Rail=Transnet Freight Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Doulton=Royal Doulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Pictures=Palm Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Holland_Agriculture=New Holland Agriculture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OLM,_Inc.=Oriental Light and Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/505_Games=505 Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oboronprom=Oboronprom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hochtief=Hochtief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrafugia=Terrafugia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MGM_Networks=MGM Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Pictures_Imageworks=Sony Pictures Imageworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Cristo_(company)=Monte Cristo (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sollers_JSC=Sollers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oaktree_Capital_Management=Oaktree Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_and_Rationalists'_Association_of_India=Science and Rationalists' Association of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgarian_State_Railways=Bălgarski dăržavni železnici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanjug=Tanjug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stihl=Stihl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shutterstock=Shutterstock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playtech=Playtech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Launch_Alliance=United Launch Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yelp=Yelp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorens=Thorens (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dialog_Axiata=Dialog Axiata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BH_Telecom=BH Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenoptik=Jenoptik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilfinger=Bilfinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Canin=Museo Saint-Raymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahi_Kasei=Asahi Kasei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamy=Lamy (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMS_Health=IMS Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Sheet_Glass=Nippon Sheet Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamo_Moscow=Dinamo Mosca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luhanskteplovoz=Luhans'kteplovoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_IT_Group=Amadeus IT Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Entertainment=Human Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3D_Systems=3D Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SolarWorld=SolarWorld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanofi_Pasteur=Sanofi Pasteur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OXXO=OXXO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Rock_Entertainment=Eagle Rock Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swissport=Swissport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharp,_Stewart_and_Company=Sharp, Stewart and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mininova=Mininova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zentralbahn=Zentralbahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Interactive=Empire Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kone=Kone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eletrobras=Eletrobras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kramer_Guitars=Kramer Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Dubuis=Roger Dubuis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerberus_Capital_Management=Cerberus Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tech_Mahindra=Tech Mahindra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behaviour_Interactive=Behaviour Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Coq_Sportif=Le Coq sportif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taste_(supermarket)=Taste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suhrkamp_Verlag=Suhrkamp Verlag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivacom=Vivacom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genzyme=Genzyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Burda_Media=Hubert Burda Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namco_Tales_Studio=Namco Tales Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triangle_Film_Corporation=Triangle Film Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_&_Halske=Siemens & Halske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eko_guitars=Eko (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church's=Church's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euler_Hermes=Euler Hermes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regency_Enterprises=Regency Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groupe_SEB=Groupe SEB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdamse_Elektrische_Tram=Rotterdamse Electrische Tram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laverda=Moto Laverda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CVC_Capital_Partners=CVC Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microchip_Technology=Microchip Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astellas_Pharma=Astellas Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progress_Publishers=Progress (casa editrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polycom=Polycom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indosat=Indosat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Asylum=The Asylum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usinor=Usinor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Bros=Bang Bros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Light_District_Video=Red Light District Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saputo_Inc.=Saputo (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StubHub=StubHub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_London=Rockstar London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraport=Fraport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actel=Actel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Family_Worldwide=ABC Family Worldwide Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havas=Havas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trump_Model_Management=Trump Model Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexicon_(company)=Lexicon (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanmar=Yanmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahou-San_Miguel_Group=Birra San Miguel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rothmans_International=Rothmans International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamoil=Tamoil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Paris=Ubisoft Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobitel_(Slovenia)=Mobitel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collingwood_&_Co.=Collingwood O'Hare Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston_Technology=Kingston Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comboios_de_Portugal=Comboios de Portugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ETF_Securities=ETF Securities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echizen_Railway=Ferrovie dell'Echizen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_Vancouver=Rockstar Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pravetz_computers=Pravetz series 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistwalker=Mistwalker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham-Paige=Graham-Paige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivarium_Inc.=Vivarium Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belstaff=Belstaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tally_Weijl=Tally Weijl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Holding=Delta Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JYP_Entertainment=JYP Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P&O_Cruises=P&O Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeWalt=DeWalt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_Piano_Company=Baldwin Piano Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Long=King Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrustmaster=Thrustmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praxair=Praxair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crocs=Crocs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banco_Safra=Banco Safra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babcock_International=Babcock International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opel_Performance_Center=Opel Performance Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telespazio=Telespazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Capital_Partners=Sun Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moser_Baer=Moser Baer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bburago=Bburago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexans=Nexans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copersucar=Copersucar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claas=Claas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standa=Standa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jako=Jako (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WingStreet=WingStreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toray_Industries=Toray Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technip=Technip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wella=Wella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrabel=Electrabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CityNightLine=CityNightLine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abertis=Abertis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chi_Mei_Corporation=Chi Mei Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landini_(tractor)=Landini (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabourn_Cruise_Line=Seabourn Cruise Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_Italy=Vodafone Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelyabinsk_Tractor_Plant=Fabbrica di trattori di Čeljabinsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemalto=Gemalto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barclay_Curle=Barclay Curle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobipocket=Mobipocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farman_Aviation_Works=Société des avions Henri & Maurice Farman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvel_Entertainment=Marvel Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tishman_Speyer=Tishman Speyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saviem=Saviem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Com_Hem=Com Hem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolmar=Dolmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geox=Geox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lobb_Bootmaker=John Lobb Bootmaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masdar=Masdar (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorky_Film_Studio=Kinostudija Gor'kogo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strikeforce_(mixed_martial_arts)=Strikeforce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabasse_(company)=Cabasse (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italcementi=Italcementi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonos=Sonos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_Shack=Shake Shack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Diemen=Van Diemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIA_Novosti=RIA Novosti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrovial=Ferrovial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acciona=Acciona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrol_Ofisi=Petrol Ofisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Press_Holdings=Singapore Press Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sora_Ltd.=Sora (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EvoBus=EvoBus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Handyside_and_Company=Andrew Handyside and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chunghwa_Telecom=Chunghwa Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arika=Arika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Events_Productions=World Events Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GVU=GVU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keurig=Keurig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_(pen_company)=Pilot Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Arts=Rainbow Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aluminum_Corporation_of_China_Limited=Aluminum Corporation of China Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maroc_Telecom=Maroc Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pullmantur_Cruises=Pullmantur Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharma_Productions=Dharma Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrozzeria_Marazzi=Carrozzeria Marazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intermeccanica=Intermeccanica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Films=Liberty Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severstal=Volejbol'nyj klub Severjanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acclaim_Games=Acclaim Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-mate=I-mate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HIM_International_Music=HIM International Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo_Integrated_Research_&_Development=Nintendo Integrated Research & Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolls-Royce_Motors=Rolls-Royce Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolls-Royce_Motor_Cars=Rolls-Royce plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolls-Royce_Limited=Rolls-Royce Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loctite=Loctite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Fields=Mrs. Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N3V_Games=Auran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRISA=Gruppo PRISA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westley_Richards=Westley Richards & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IGN=IGN (sito web)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benetti=Cantieri Benetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NARS_Cosmetics=NARS Cosmetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Mousquetaires=Les Mousquetaires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMC_(Turkey)=BMC (Turchia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilford_Photo=Ilford Photo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baotian_Motorcycle_Company=Baotian Motorcycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interoute=Interoute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_films_du_losange=Les Films du Losange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azimut_Yachts=Azimut (società)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_Music=Ultra Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansaldo_Energia=Ansaldo Energia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleischmann_(model_railroads)=Fleischmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RKB_Mainichi_Broadcasting=RKB Mainichi Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Deutschland=Sky Deutschland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Post=La Posta Svizzera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_(electronics_company)=Trust (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motor_Development_International=Motor Development International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Editora=Conrad Editora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinon_Industries=Chinon Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tefal=Tefal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echelon_Corporation=Echelon Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaufland=Kaufland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praktiker=Praktiker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Networks=Nokia Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Mara=Max Mara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyosho=Kyosho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zamperla=Zamperla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SiRF=SiRF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_Studios=ITV Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluke_Corporation=Fluke Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Technology_Research_Institute=Industrial Technology Research Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transneft=Transneft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McArthurGlen_Group=McArthurGlen Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energoatom=Energoatom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapex_Drums=Mapex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArcelorMittal=ArcelorMittal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorna_Sports=Dorna Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazakhstan_Temir_Zholy=Kazakhstan Temir Zholy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvel_Animation=Marvel Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentland_Group=Pentland Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatian_Railways=Hrvatske željeznice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chartered_Institute_of_Public_Relations=Chartered Institute of Public Relations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Pictures_Home_Entertainment=Universal Pictures Home Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faller=Faller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavaria_Film=Bavaria Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missoni=Ottavio Missoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Moon_Features=Full Moon Features
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martini_&_Rossi=Martini & Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Atomics_Aeronautical_Systems=General Atomics Aeronautical Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herpa=Herpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qimonda=Qimonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turnbull_&_Asser=Turnbull & Asser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umniah=Umniah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo_Research_&_Development_2=Nintendo Research & Development 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotton_(motorcycle)=Cotton (moto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Lee_Media=Stan Lee Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathmandu_(company)=Kathmandu (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KID=Kindle Imagine Develop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pfaff=Pfaff (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMM_Grammy=GMM Grammy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Paediatric_Society=Canadian Pediatric Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinshokan=Shinshokan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BI-LO_(Australia)=BI-LO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenDNS=OpenDNS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Setouchi=TV Setouchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hummel_International=Hummel International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indra_Sistemas=Indra (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolls-Royce_Power_Systems=Rolls-Royce Power Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/07th_Expansion=07th Expansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inmarsat=Inmarsat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joma=Joma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMTEC=EMTEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galp_Energia=Galp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intact_Media_Group=Intact Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gepa_The_Fair_Trade_Company=GEPA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Satellite_Communications_Organization=Arabsat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Group=Central Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brionvega=Brionvega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercadona=Mercadona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Interactive=Fox Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GM_Powertrain_Torino=GM Powertrain Torino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beenz.com=Beenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metz_(company)=Metz (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haemimont_Games=Haemimont Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syn_Sophia=Syn Sophia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertigo_Films=Vertigo Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicksilva=Quicksilva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Rides=Premier Rides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STX_Europe=STX Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takumi_Corporation=Takumi (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phase_One_(company)=Phase One (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Saint_George=Banco di San Giorgio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vedanta_Resources=Vedanta Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megaupload=Megaupload
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuffa=Zuffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Vantage=Paramount Vantage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vyatta=Vyatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfetti_Van_Melle=Perfetti Van Melle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CJ_Group=CJ Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_Plastic_Model=Academy Plastic Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icon_Productions=Icon Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanfoglio=Tanfoglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telekom_Srbija=Telekom Serbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marzotto=Marzotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Beverage=Monster Beverage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SGL_Carbon=SGL Carbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Arms=SAN Swiss Arms AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sauer_&_Sohn=Sauer (fabbrica d'armi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villeroy_&_Boch=Villeroy & Boch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_Corporation=Quest (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindex=Lindex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Extreme_Cagefighting=World Extreme Cagefighting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaelco=Gaelco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A&W_(Canada)=A&W Food Services of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aniplex=Aniplex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahamongkol_Film_International=Sahamongkol Film International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Horse_Bicycles=Iron Horse (gruppo musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JTEKT=JTEKT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/454_Life_Sciences=454 Life Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vickers_Limited=Vickers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rothaus=Rothaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frette=Frette (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tod's=Tod's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iconix_Brand_Group=Iconix Brand Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikro-Gen=Mikro-Gen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humongous_Entertainment=Humongous Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concord_Music_Group=Concord Bicycle Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altron=Altron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actv=Actv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvelous_Entertainment=Marvelous Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SouthPeak_Games=SouthPeak Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BitTorrent_(company)=BitTorrent (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egmont_Group=Egmont (casa editrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beko=Beko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiorucci=Fiorucci (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amer_Sports=Amer Sports Oyj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TE_Connectivity=TE Connectivity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Racing_Corporation=Honda Racing Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitachi_Construction_Machinery_(Europe)=Hitachi Construction Machinery Europe NV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budweiser_Budvar_Brewery=Budweiser Budvar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steorn=Steorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorntons=Thorntons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Models_Limited=Dragon Models Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umarex=Umarex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callaway_Cars=Callaway Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOM'S=TOM'S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diatto=Diatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerini=Jerini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavia_(company)=Cavia (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphisoft=Graphisoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_(company)=Head (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italeri=Italeri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Droog_(company)=Droog Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meopta=Meopta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alchemist_(company)=Alchemist (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpa=Scorpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercer_(automobile)=Mercer (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Inc.=Time Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locomotive_Games=Locomotive Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viking_Air=Viking Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haas_Automation=Haas Automation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PKF_International=PKF (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecnam=Tecnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Communications=Castle Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Reality=Edge of Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smyril_Line=Smyril Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blyth_Shipbuilding_Company=Blyth Shipbuilding Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_Peck=Polly Peck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amal_(carburettor)=Amal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VAUDE=VAUDE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NXP_Semiconductors=NXP Semiconductors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FSP_Group=FSP Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WildBrain=WildBrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoya_Corporation=Hoya (Germania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionbridge=Lionbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastgate_Systems=Eastgate Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Bijenkorf=De Bijenkorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarion_(company)=Clarion (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humbrol=Humbrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moto_Morini=Moto Morini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_&_Rolf=Viktor & Rolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manor_(department_store)=Manor AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAIET_Entertainment=MAIET Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nichia=Nichia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigon_Studios=Tigon Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lantis_(company)=Lantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Laugh_Productions=It's a Laugh Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajshri_Productions=Rajshri Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Reality=Digital Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastpak=Eastpak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sybase_iAnywhere=Sybase iAnywhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cort_Guitars=Cort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxo_Bank=Saxo Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berluti=Berluti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makita=Makita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miu_Miu=Miu Miu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenard-Walcker=Chenard & Walcker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PTT_Public_Company_Limited=PTT (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefly_Studios=Firefly Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Aircraft_Corporation=United Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AJP_Motos=AJP Motos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudge-Whitworth=Rudge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thatgamecompany=Thatgamecompany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fagor=Fagor Electrodomésticos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MaltaPost=MaltaPost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bershka=Bershka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Australia_Holdings=Virgin Australia Holdings Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nammo=Nammo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Copenhagen=Regia Fabbrica di Porcellana di Copenaghen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rackham=Rackham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ladd_Company=The Ladd Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharti_Airtel=Bharti Airtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norilsk_Nickel=Nornickel'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRS_Labs=SRS Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novatek=Novatek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Dorcel=Marc Dorcel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naver_Corporation=Naver Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostelecom=Rostelecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krome_Studios=Krome Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperSeaCat=SuperSeaCat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADK_(company)=Alpha Denshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_One_Films_US=Entertainment One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elegant_Angel=Elegant Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amaggi_Group=Amaggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagostina=Lagostina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perot_Systems=Perot Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rovin=Rovin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitra_(furniture)=Vitra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legea=Legea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amaze_Entertainment=Amaze Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xi'an_Aircraft_Industrial_Corporation=Xi'an Aircraft Industrial Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengdu_Aircraft_Industry_Group=Chengdu Aircraft Industry Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenyang_Aircraft_Corporation=Shenyang Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaanxi_Aircraft_Corporation=Shaanxi Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changhe_Aircraft_Industries_Corporation=Changhe Aircraft Industries Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oerlikon_Balzers=Oerlikon Balzers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_Lincoln=Rockstar Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ON_Semiconductor=ON Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conad=Conad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drax_Group=Drax Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HNI_Corporation=HNI Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Climax_Corporation=Color Climax Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soilmec=Soilmec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceania_Cruises=Oceania Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roewe=Roewe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intercontinental_Exchange=IntercontinentalExchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer_cartoon_studio=MGM Cartoons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schott_NYC=Schott NYC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Product_Red=Product Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CME_Group=CME Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elekta=Elekta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barum_(company)=Barum (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weber_Shandwick=Weber Shandwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television_Kanagawa=TV Kanagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television_Saitama=Television Saitama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amedei=Amedei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facebook=Facebook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Dawning=East Dawning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glencore=Glencore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prope=Prope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviapartner=Aviapartner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mustek_Systems=Mustek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcatel-Lucent=Alcatel-Lucent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mag_Garden=Mag Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omantel=Omantel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3M=3M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afrol=Afrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loris_Azzaro=Loris Azzaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamic_Planning=Dynamic Planning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invicta_Watch_Group=Invicta Watch Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusal=Rusal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratiopharm=Ratiopharm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blancpain=Blancpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contiki_Tours=Contiki Tours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infor=Infor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eutechnyx=Eutechnyx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tradedoubler=TradeDoubler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferretti_Group=Gruppo Ferretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavazza=Luigi Lavazza (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telkomsel=Telkomsel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pritt=Pritt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepe_Jeans=Pepe Jeans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi_Metro_Rail_Corporation=Delhi Metro Rail Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Wyman=Oliver Wyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Entertainment=Falcon Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_Media=Titan Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taisei_Corporation=Taisei Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perini_Navi=Perini Navi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knoll_(company)=Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassina_S.p.A.=Cassina (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houbunsha=Hōbunsha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaft_(company)=Shaft (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi_National_Oil_Company=Abu Dhabi National Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Bus_(studio)=Magic Bus (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemide=Artemide (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_and_Natural_Gas_Corporation=Oil and Natural Gas Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husqvarna_Group=Husqvarna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZeniMax_Media=ZeniMax Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audiolab=Audiolab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akwa_Group=Afriquia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manglobe=Manglobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westin_Hotels_&_Resorts=Westin Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serbian_Railways=Železnice Srbije
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharti_Enterprises=Bharti Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cing=Cing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XL_Leisure_Group=XL Leisure Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Association_of_Nuclear_Operators=Associazione mondiale degli operatori di impianti nucleari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumon=Metodo Kumon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirov_Plant=Officine Kirov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochet-Schneider=Rochet-Schneider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finnlines=Finnlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vorwerk_(company)=Vorwerk (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morbidelli=Morbidelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/POW!_Entertainment=POW Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EBuddy=EBuddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permasteelisa=Permasteelisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libyana=Libyana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connells_Group=The Connells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SBB_Cargo=FFS Cargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingenico=Ingenico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_Electric_Railway=Rete tranviaria di Hiroshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latham_&_Watkins=Latham & Watkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommykaira=Tommykaira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zastava_Arms=Zastava Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrium=Astrium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unit4=UNIT4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinn_(watchmaker)=Sinn (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_plc=Ricardo (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Iron_Studios=Heavy Iron Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulberry_(company)=Mulberry (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abba_Seafood=Abba Seafood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spokeo=Spokeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vallourec=Vallourec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Sharyo=Nippon Sharyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Line_International=Blue Line International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurasian_Natural_Resources_Corporation=Eurasian Natural Resources Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malakoff_(power_company)=Malakoff (Francia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aria_(guitar_company)=Aria (chitarre)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeo=Valeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Unite=Virgin Unite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandini_Automobili=Bandini Automobili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busscar=Busscar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontiers_Records=Frontiers Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerrilla_Cambridge=Guerrilla Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_Mexico=NASCAR Messico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specialized_Bicycle_Components=Specialized
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahindra_&_Mahindra=Mahindra & Mahindra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIR_Group=CIR - Compagnie Industriali Riunite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gretsch_Drums=Gretsch Drums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De'Longhi=De'Longhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixmania=Pixmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reebok=Reebok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TopWare_Interactive=TopWare Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irkut_Corporation=Irkut Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Star_Games=Rising Star Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GSP_Belgrade=Gradsko saobraćajno preduzeće Beograd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacha_Group=Pacha (discoteca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollister_Co.=Hollister Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beta_(motorcycle_manufacturer)=Beta Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vibram=Vibram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCormick_Tractors=McCormick (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VDL_Groep=VDL Groep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouygues_Telecom=Bouygues Télécom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoshino_Gakki=Hoshino Gakki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaijin_Entertainment=Gaijin Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_International_Computer=First International Computer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tbilisi_Aircraft_Manufacturing=Tbilisi Aircraft Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Oetker=Cameo (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plan_B_Entertainment=Plan B Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Records=Frontier Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_&_Ross=Bell & Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumitomo_Heavy_Industries=Sumitomo Heavy Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Fang_Games=Blue Fang Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShadowMachine=ShadowMachine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cobra_Group=Cobra Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cellius=Cellius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinkberry=Pinkberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacmi=SACMI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akita_Shoten=Akita Shoten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfax_Media=Fairfax Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Store_Norske_Spitsbergen_Kulkompani=Store Norske Spitsbergen Kulkompani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifan_Group=Lifan Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxman=Luxman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proenza_Schouler=Proenza Schouler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gourdou-Leseurre=Gourdou-Leseurre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bisleri=Bisleri (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohloff=Rohloff (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BSI_Group=British Standards Institution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_(company)=Edison (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princes_Group=Princes Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pivotal_Games=Pivotal Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Systems=T-Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guipuzcoan_Company_of_Caracas=Compañía Guipuzcoana de Caracas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_University_Press=Edinburgh University Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vyrus=Vyrus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D-Wave_Systems=D-Wave Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M-Sport=M-Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cook_Group=Thomas Cook Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadjet_Eye_Games=Wadjet Eye Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Impact_Games=High Impact Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlatinumGames=PlatinumGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Chemicals_Europe=Tata Chemicals Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiribiri=Chiribiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Montpellier=Ubisoft Montpellier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_Sport_Motors=Glass Sport Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightstorm_Entertainment=Lightstorm Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velbon=Velbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rea_Vipingo=REA Vipingo Plantations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permodalan_Nasional_Berhad=Permodalan Nasional Berhad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DirecTV=DirecTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CyberConnect2=CyberConnect2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordis_(medical)=CORDIS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Moon_Studios=High Moon Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottogi=Ottogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jive_(publisher)=Jive (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viscount_(musical_instrument_manufacturer)=Viscount International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azercell=Azercell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuota=Kuota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SBE_Entertainment_Group=SBE Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetra_Pak=Tetra Pak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermo_Fisher_Scientific=Thermo Fisher Scientific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Impact_Pro=Full Impact Pro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Ico=Team Ico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_Group=Gruppo Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merlin_Entertainments=Merlin Entertainments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_Theory=Ninja Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafuma=Lafuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBS_Kraftfahrzeugtechnik=BBS Kraftfahrzeugtechnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Molecule=Media Molecule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrol_Group=Petrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twitter=Twitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinitum_Nihil=Infinitum Nihil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euronics=Euronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budcat_Creations=Budcat Creations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulcanair=Vulcanair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapfre=Mapfre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almarai=Almarai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NSK_Ltd.=NSK (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_for_Analytical_Psychology=International Association for Analytical Psychology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinamilk=Vinamilk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HeidelbergCement=HeidelbergCement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-1_Pictures=A-1 Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kennedy/Marshall_Company=The Kennedy/Marshall Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeromarine=Aeromarine Plane and Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B&B_Italia=B&B Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okayama_Electric_Tramway=Rete tranviaria di Okayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meizu=Meizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otokar=Otokar (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Image_Engine=Image Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Works=Frontier Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethesda_Game_Studios=Bethesda Softworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moldcell=Moldcell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biostar=Biostar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SB_Creative=SB Creative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dnata=Dnata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leoni_AG=Leoni (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_House_Entertainment=Hot House Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ras_Al_Khaimah_Free_Trade_Zone=Free Trade Zone di Ras Al Khaimah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitroplus=Nitroplus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Aircraft_Engines=Walter Engines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CVS_Health=CVS Pharmacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serum_Institute_of_India=Serum Institute of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottin_&_Desgouttes=Cottin & Desgouttes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silversea_Cruises=Silversea Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikken_Sekkei=Nikken Sekkei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bathing_Ape=A Bathing Ape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaeger-LeCoultre=Jaeger-LeCoultre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panerai=Panerai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Orchards=Liberty Orchards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_News_Service=Baltic News Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACN_Inc.=ACN (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perceptive_Pixel=Perceptive Pixel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiffage=Eiffage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpinestars=Alpinestars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/42_Entertainment=42 Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eesti_Raudtee=Eesti Raudtee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_West=Nine West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Racing=Fox Racing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thales_Alenia_Space=Thales Alenia Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenTable=OpenTable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitsos=Pitsos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satelight=Satelight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epicor=Epicor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilesat=Nilesat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumitomo_Electric_Industries=Sumitomo Electric Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elpida_Memory=Elpida Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caran_d'Ache_(company)=Caran d'Ache (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_or_Die=Funny or Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klei_Entertainment=Klei Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Garden=Country Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MercurySteam=MercurySteam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beenox=Beenox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunPower=SunPower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planeta_DeAgostini=Planeta DeAgostini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosch_Rexroth=Bosch Rexroth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Solar=First Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2(x)ist=2(x)ist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAI_Ambrosini=SAI Ambrosini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadranski_naftovod=Jadranski naftovod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_Professional=Fiat Professional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher-Price=Fisher-Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ddrum=Ddrum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_the_South=Banca del Sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaiku=Jaiku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damiani_(jewelry_company)=Damiani (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leister_Technologies=Gruppo Leister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AGEod=Paradox France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frogwares=Frogwares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Studios=Zen Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motul_(company)=Motul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurostars_Hotels=Eurostars Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Models=Ford Models
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomson_Reuters=Thomson Reuters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liechtenstein_Bus=Liechtenstein Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatargas=Qatargas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatar_Petroleum=Qatar Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsui_&_Co.=Mitsui & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terumo=Terumo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviamilano=Aviamilano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mastretta=Mastretta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weber-Stephen_Products=Weber-Stephen Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivartia=Vivartia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmote=Cosmote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BT_Italia=BT Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platinum_Studios=Platinum Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igus=Igus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apatow_Productions=Apatow Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuoni_Travel=Kuoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faurecia=Faurecia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CrossFit=CrossFit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sotsu=Sotsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_Company_of_Lesvos=Nel Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIBCO_Software=TIBCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiken_(studio)=Eiken (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amylin_Pharmaceuticals=Amylin Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WiTricity=Witricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geeknet=VA Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kheops_Studio=Kheops Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ackermans_&_van_Haaren=Ackermans & van Haaren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCS_Software=SCS Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Production_Baobab=Production Baobab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Poste_(France)=La Poste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atradius=Atradius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanillaware=Vanillaware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahramaa=Kahramaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LifeLock=LifeLock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_(conservation_programme)=TRAFFIC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PANTA=Panta (periodico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekla=Tekla Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusnano=Rosnanotekh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celio_(retailer)=Celio (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Oil_Corporation=National Oil Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foton_Motor=Foton Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/23andMe=23andMe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JasperReports=JasperReports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benteler_International=Benteler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secora=Secora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Atomic_Power_Company=Japan Atomic Power Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegade_Software=Renegade Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Film=Original Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Pictures=Twisted Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moby_Lines=Moby Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fage=Fage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ducati_Corse=Ducati Corse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Dynamics=Boston Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waco_Aircraft_Company=Waco Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knorr-Bremse=Knorr-Bremse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RedLynx=RedLynx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Championship_Wrestling=Extreme Championship Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caparo_Vehicle_Technologies=Caparo Vehicle Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kontor_Records=Kontor Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szybka_Kolej_Miejska_(Warsaw)=Servizio ferroviario metropolitano di Varsavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Power_Development_Company=J-Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal_Brewery=Cardinal (birreria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Access_Industries=Access Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chubu_Electric_Power=Chubu Electric Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tohoku_Electric_Power=Tohoku Electric Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diva_Futura=Diva Futura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ILPAP=ILPAP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conergy=Conergy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUAG=RUAG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corum_(watchmakers)=Çorum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Printing_Company=Tipografia di Stato ungherese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egmont_Manga_&_Anime=Egmont Manga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numonyx=Numonyx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShowBiz_Pizza_Place=Showbiz Pizza Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggiane=Officine Meccaniche Reggiane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Madeleine_(restaurant_chain)=Chiesa della Madeleine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li-Ning=Li Ning Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikka_Whisky_Distilling=Nikka Whisky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_Cycles=Evans Cycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pander_&_Son=Pander & Zonen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funko=Funko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikarbus=Ikarbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Forge=World Forge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intertek=Intertek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BenQ=BenQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dion's=Dions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_Line_Productions=Adventure Line Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tivoli_Audio=Tivoli Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InnoCentive=InnoCentive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_World=Dubai World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Som_Livre=Som Livre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitdefender=Bitdefender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spansion=Spansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDB_Business_Partner=EDB Business Partner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Bull_GmbH=Red Bull (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordex=Nordex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilera=Tilera Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kudelski_Group=Kudelski Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Worldwide_Group=Crown Worldwide Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cierva_Autogiro_Company=Cierva Autogiro Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_Nue=Studio Nue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_(company)=August (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrum_Brands=Spectrum Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondi=Mondi Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ectaco=Ectaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MediaTek=MediaTek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offspring_Entertainment=Offspring Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Sistema=El Sistema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gruppo_Riva=Gruppo Riva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapphire_Technology=Sapphire Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acquire_(company)=Acquire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAC_Group=GAC Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimo_Zanetti=Massimo Zanetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grin_(company)=GRIN (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khara_(studio)=Khara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Gulf_Oil_Company=Arabian Gulf Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Information_Group=Cambridge Information Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamann_Motorsport=Hamann Motorsport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Bols=Lucas Bols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picnik=Picnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zexcs=Zexcs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmo_Oil_Company=Cosmo Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Commission_on_Protected_Areas=Commissione mondiale sulle aree protette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scripps-Booth=Scripps-Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mack_Rides=Mack Rides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powerset_(company)=Powerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Consulting_Group=Boston Consulting Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyanide_(company)=Cyanide (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayFirst=PlayFirst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metabo=Metabo (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_(company)=Circus (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climax_Entertainment=Climax Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balmain_(fashion_house)=Balmain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Investment_Corporation=China Investment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EUE/Screen_Gems=EUE/Screen Gems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esselunga=Esselunga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TRW_Automotive=TRW Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Automobile_Company=Austin Automobile Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newag=Newag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saipem=Saipem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigbig_Studios=Bigbig Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mygale=Mygale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzzi_Unicem=Buzzi Unicem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_Saint_Laurent_(brand)=Yves Saint Laurent (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvatore_Ferragamo_S.p.A.=Salvatore Ferragamo (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expert_(company)=Expert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melco=Melco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_Global_Management=Apollo Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trussardi=Trussardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Montreal=Ubisoft Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flex_Comix=Flex Comix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santana_Motor=Santana Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Callebaut=Barry Callebaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autogrill=Autogrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VELUX=VELUX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Milan=Ubisoft Milano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mpower_Pictures=Mpower Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bureau_Veritas=Bureau Veritas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo_Software_Planning_&_Development=Nintendo Software Planning & Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince's_Charities=The Prince's Charities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascade_Investment=Cascade Investment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transports_Metropolitans_de_Barcelona=Transports Metropolitans de Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snam=Snam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_Klein=Calvin Klein (stilista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LG_Chem=LG Chem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Index_Ventures=Index Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piriform_(company)=Piriform
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miniatur_Wunderland=Miniatur Wunderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_Mobility=Siemens Mobility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegade_Kid=Renegade Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SYSTRA=Systra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corsica_Ferries_-_Sardinia_Ferries=Corsica Ferries - Sardinia Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DYE_Precision=Dye Precision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HannStar_Display_Corporation=HannStar Display Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kogado_Studio=Kogado Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye-Fi=Eye-Fi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongolian_Stock_Exchange=Borsa di Ulan Bator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evonik_Industries=Evonik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrofac=Petrofac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slant_Six_Games=Slant Six Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industria_Cartaria_Pieretti=Industria Cartaria Pieretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/REWE_Group=REWE Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zentropa=Zentropa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Activision_Blizzard=Activision Blizzard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghezzi_&_Brian=Ghezzi & Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TaleWorlds_Entertainment=TaleWorlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrozzeria_Castagna=Castagna Milano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyrstar=Nyrstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagin_(studio)=Imagin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NH_Hotel_Group=NH Hoteles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracta=Tracta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaumont_Animation=Alphanim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pornhub=Pornhub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky-Watcher=Sky-Watcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Initiative_Japan=Internet Initiative Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takahashi_Seisakusho=Takahashi (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaltura=Kaltura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spin_Master=Spin Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Racing_Series=Toyota Racing Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siremar=Siremar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saremar=Saremar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toremar=Toremar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_Amplifiers=Randall Amplifiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monitor_Deloitte=Monitor Deloitte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Angel_(studio)=Evil Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuovo_Trasporto_Viaggiatori=Italo-Nuovo Trasporto Viaggiatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bollack_Netter_and_Co=BNC (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technics_(brand)=Technics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Economist_Intelligence_Unit=Economist Intelligence Unit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hublot=Hublot (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyHeritage=MyHeritage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gay's_the_Word_(bookshop)=Gay's the Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larian_Studios=Larian Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIDA_Cruises=AIDA Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teavana=Teavana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grays_International=Grays International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_Pekao=Bank Pekao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ichijinsha=Ichijinsha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schmidt_&_Bender=Schmidt & Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yingli=Yingli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laverda_(harvesters)=Laverda (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanvin_(company)=Lanvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eterna=Eterna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahle_GmbH=Mahle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawasaki_Heavy_Industries_Motorcycle_&_Engine=Kawasaki Heavy Industries Motorcycle & Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nifty_Corporation=Nifty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosovo_Railways=Ferrovie del Kosovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansory=Mansory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_(mixed_martial_arts)=Dream (MMA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Ten_Footwear=Five Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K+S=K+S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrobotic_Technology=Astrobotic Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Editorial=Norma Editorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technogym=Technogym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruter=Ruter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellenic_Post=Poste greche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kona_Brewing_Company=Kona Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etro=Etro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AVG_Technologies=AVG Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Company_for_Rail_Transport=Société nationale des transports ferroviaires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animation_Magic=Animation Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frictional_Games=Frictional Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RockShox=RockShox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chugai_Pharmaceutical_Co.=Chugai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkema=Arkema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visco_Corporation=Visco Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PerSay=PerSay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overbrook_Entertainment=Overbrook Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minos_EMI=Minos EMI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WOT_Services=WOT Services, Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Arcs=Seven Arcs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renren=Renren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Halcyon_Company=The Halcyon Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_Technology=Creative Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patheon=Patheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peccadillo_Pictures=Peccadillo Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Dentressangle=Norbert Dentressangle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peach_John=Peach John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cromemco=Cromemco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Railway_Construction_Corporation=China Railway Construction Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediapro=Mediapro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grifols=Grifols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMAM=IMAM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambu_(company)=Ambu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBK_Electronics=BBK Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haulotte_Group=Haulotte Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanke=Vanke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uralkali=Uralkali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JBS_S.A.=JBS (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herrenknecht=Herrenknecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elektroniksystem-_und_Logistik-GmbH=ESG (gruppo musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Cooper=Lee Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Minmetals=China Minmetals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liqui_Moly=Liqui Moly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tencent=Tencent Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiba_Samsung_Storage_Technology=Toshiba Samsung Storage Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bestseller_(company)=Bestseller (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_(TWN)=Triumph Werke Nürnberg AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banca_Popolare_di_Verona=Banca Popolare di Verona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hijos_de_Rivera_Brewery=Hijos de Rivera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrias_Pampero=Pampero (rum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costume_National=Costume national
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ymobile=Ymobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coloplast=Coloplast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmson=Salmson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsoft_GmbH=Kingsoft (azienda tedesca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trecision=Trecision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A2A=A2A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Petrochemical_Corporation=China Petrochemical Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disneynature=Disneynature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibero_Cruises=Ibero Cruceros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Entertainment=Lucas Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weichai_Power=Weichai Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BC_Partners=BC Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Home_Depot=The Home Depot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abercrombie_&_Fitch=Abercrombie & Fitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saurer=Adolph Saurer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babbel=Babbel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comac=Comac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Plastics_Corporation=Aurora Plastics Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuenti=Tuenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BYD_Company=BYD Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadhouse_Grill=Roadhouse Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_Bank_Pictures=Left Bank Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reto-Moto=Reto-Moto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_High-Definition_Link=Mobile High-Definition Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitol=Vitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T=AT&T
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAW-Volkswagen=FAW-Volkswagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inte:Ligand=Inte:Ligand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeNORD=LeNord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Films_du_Poisson=Les Films du Poisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RCS_MediaGroup=RCS MediaGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Storm=J Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cage_Warriors=Cage Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O.F._Mossberg_&_Sons=O.F. Mossberg & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hongqi_(marque)=Hongqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XL_Axiata=XL Axiata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wacker_Neuson=Wacker Neuson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.A._Damm=Damm (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qlik=Qlik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xtep=Xtep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bit_Corporation=Bit Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Zeiss_Meditec=Carl Zeiss Meditec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Solar=Phoenix Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andritz_AG=Andritz AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navigon=Navigon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BrightSource_Energy=BrightSource Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trina_Solar=Trina Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acqua_di_Parma=Acqua di Parma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunEdison=MEMC Electronic Materials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_10_Studios=Turn 10 Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PPF_(company)=PPF Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Pacific_Resources_International_Holdings=Asia Pacific Resources International Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maui_Jim=Maui Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TuneIn=TuneIn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quechua_(brand)=Quechua (marca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_Pink_(clothing)=Think Pink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatar_Investment_Authority=Qatar Investment Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birra_Menabrea=Birra Menabrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schaeffler_Group=Schaeffler Gruppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zopa=Zopa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.a.n.d.=H.a.n.d.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestel=Vestel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JAC_Motors=JAC Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summit_Entertainment=Summit Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wine-Searcher=Wine-Searcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busuu=Busuu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impul=Impul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CinemaScore=CinemaScore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lottomatica=Lottomatica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vishay_Intertechnology=Vishay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anonima_Petroli_Italiana=Italiana Petroli (azienda 2019)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danieli=Danieli (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fedrigoni=Fedrigoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calsonic_Kansei=Calsonic Kansei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocksteady_Studios=Rocksteady Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suez_Environnement=Suez Environnement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GitHub=GitHub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes-Benz=Mercedes-Benz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target_Corporation=Target Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Jets=Power Jets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell'Orto=Dell'Orto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verizon_Communications=Verizon Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noventi=Noventi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaguar_Land_Rover=Jaguar Land Rover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netezza=Netezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendulo_Studios=Pendulo Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumblr=Tumblr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimaldi_Group=Gruppo Grimaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SolarCity=SolarCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrome=Nitrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browns_(fashion_boutique)=The Browns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wimpy_(restaurant)=Wimpy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcanic_Repeating_Arms=Volcanic Repeating Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EVS_Broadcast_Equipment=EVS Broadcast Equipment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greubel_Forsey=Greubel Forsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synthes=Synthes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explore_Scientific=Explore Scientific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runic_Games=Runic Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drees_&_Sommer=Drees & Sommer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ExxonMobil=ExxonMobil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djarum=Djarum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Motorcycles=Premier Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulthaup=Bulthaup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iliad_SA=Iliad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiener_Lokalbahnen=Wiener Lokalbahnen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain's_Base=Brain's Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing=Boeing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krisalis_Software=Krisalis Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neiman_Marcus=Neiman Marcus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuters=Reuters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BP=BP (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nike,_Inc.=Nike (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbound_Entertainment=Spellbound Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimbali=Gruppo Cimbali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helibras=Helibras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAW=Beijing Automobile Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Rinascente=Rinascente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent-Perrier=Laurent-Perrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroku=Heroku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi_Investment_Council=Abu Dhabi Investment Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platinum_Dunes=Platinum Dunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yammer=Yammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonduelle=Bonduelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konfrontacja_Sztuk_Walki=Konfrontacja Sztuk Walki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All3Media=All3Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embrace_(non-profit)=Embrace (gruppo musicale statunitense)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitbit=Fitbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamendo=Jamendo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NexTag=NexTag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xtube=Xtube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC=BBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Gas_Corporation=KOGAS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TP-Link=TP-Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_Motorcycles_Ltd=Triumph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallet_&_Co.=Gallet & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GOG.com=GOG.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petra_Diamonds=Petra Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermote_&_Vanhalst=TVH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stericycle=Stericycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Procter_&_Gamble=Procter & Gamble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Fischer_(Swiss_company)=Georg Fischer (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratasys=Stratasys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grezzo=Grezzo (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syncopy_Inc.=Syncopy Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saizeriya=Saizeriya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semikron=Semikron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z_Corporation=Z Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DHL_Aviation=DHL Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riddell=Riddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astragon=Astragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leroy_Merlin=Leroy Merlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adnkronos=Adnkronos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviation_Industry_Corporation_of_China=Aviation Industry Corporation of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loire_Aviation=Loire Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spotify=Spotify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Calvo=Grupo Calvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idemitsu_Kosan=Idemitsu Kosan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fixstars_Solutions=Terra Soft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeywell_Aerospace=Honeywell Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrett_AiResearch=Garrett Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inq_Mobile=INQ (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BrewDog=BrewDog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Agostini=De Agostini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2K_Play=Global Star Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compile_Heart=Compile Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idea_Factory=Idea Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermaltake=Thermaltake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas_Jeans=Gas Jeans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambro=Gambro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenzo_(brand)=Kenzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COFCO_Group=COFCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21st_Century_Insurance=21st Century Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinohydro=Sinohydro Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oji_Paper_Company=Oji Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_Performance_Products=Harris Performance Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kink.com=Kink (sito)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wachovia=Wachovia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umicore=Umicore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nihon_Bungeisha=Nihon Bungeisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Attack_Grill=Heart Attack Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Struise_Brouwers=De Struise Brouwers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigaset_Communications=Gigaset Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilier_Triestina=Wilier Triestina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagination_Technologies=Imagination Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compagnie_Tunisienne_de_Navigation=Compagnie Tunisienne de Navigation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wipro=Wipro Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legrand_(company)=Legrand (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nidec=Nidec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asobo_Studio=Asobo Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyds_Banking_Group=Lloyds Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landi_Renzo=Landi Renzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demiurge_Studios=Demiurge Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivarossi=Rivarossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellator_MMA=Bellator MMA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi_Media=Abu Dhabi Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyfrowy_Polsat=Cyfrowy Polsat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krones=Krones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambrakis_Press_Group=Gruppo Editoriale Lamprakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neko_Entertainment=Neko Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PosteMobile=PosteMobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeria_Games=Aeria Games & Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wix.com=Wix.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartoon_Saloon=Cartoon Saloon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitachi_Data_Systems=Hitachi Data System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M-1_Global=M-1 Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cazzo_Film=Cazzo Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hewlett-Packard=Hewlett-Packard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essar_Group=Essar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy's=Wendy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danieli_Automation=Danieli Automation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posta_Shqiptare=Posta Shqiptare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazan_Helicopters=Kazan Helicopters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nar_Mobile=Nar Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lidl=Lidl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrow_(motorcycle_part_manufacturer)=Arrow (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merida_Bikes=Merida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gameforge=Gameforge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatar_Steel=Qatar Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binda_Group=Gruppo Binda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bixi_(company)=Bixi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azienda_Trasporti_Milanesi=ATM (Milano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellenic_Seaways=Hellenic Seaways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ST-Ericsson=ST-Ericsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elswick_Ordnance_Company=Elswick Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saras_S.p.A.=Saras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Motors_Company=Continental Motors Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizzani_de_Eccher=Rizzani de Eccher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluepoint_Games=Bluepoint Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Store=Microsoft Store (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_(company)=King (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indieszero=Indies Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daume=Daume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuanghuan_Auto=Shuanghuan Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PediaPress=PediaPress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceriani=Ceriani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin_Vision=Shin Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlobalFoundries=GlobalFoundries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unibet=Unibet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalypso_Media=Kalypso Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zynga=Zynga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Yurman=David Yurman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomis=Bomis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universia=Universia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valpadana=Valpadana (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KEF=Le Kef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OnLive=OnLive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Internet=United Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngmoco=Ngmoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaspersky_Lab=Museo Saint-Raymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koei_Tecmo=Koei Tecmo Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canyon_Bicycles=Canyon (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milano_Assicurazioni=Milano Assicurazioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slightly_Mad_Studios=Slightly Mad Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mido_(watch)=Mido (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perlini=Perlini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vevo=Vevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unisonic_Products_Corporation=Unisonic (serie di console)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria's_Secret=Victoria's Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazzers=Brazzers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujitsu_Technology_Solutions=Fujitsu Technology Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roc_Nation=Roc Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bticino=BTicino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sord_Computer_Corporation=Sord Computer Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funai=Funai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playfish=Playfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infobright=Infobright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indofood=Indofood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onkyo=Onkyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paton_(motorcycles)=Paton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visceral_Games=Visceral Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automata_UK=Automata UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takarazuka_Eiga=Takarazuka Eiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Production=David Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceccato_motorcycles=Ceccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Bondi=Team Bondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keimfarben=Keimfarben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mersen=Meerssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantic_Motor=Fantic Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_Modena=Terra Modena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borile=Umberto Borile & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eichleay_Engineers=Eichleay Engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BRF_S.A.=BRF S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edoardo_Raffinerie_Garrone=ERG (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consumer_Cellular=Consumer Cellular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cubicle_7=Cubicle 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Nation_Entertainment=Live Nation Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CyberLink=CyberLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hera_Group=Hera (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Rinaldi=Marina Rinaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firemonkeys_Studios=Firemint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naturschutzbund_Deutschland=Naturschutzbund Deutschland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanzaru_Games=Sanzaru Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Holland_Construction=New Holland Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Retail_Properties=National Retail Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASRock=ASRock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gainax=Gainax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penske_Media_Corporation=Penske Media Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Dutch_Shell=Royal Dutch Shell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mail.com=Mail.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liechtensteinische_Post=Liechtensteinische Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Force_Technologies=G-Force Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabio_Perini_S.p.A.=Fabio Perini (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CockyBoys=CockyBoys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrovie_della_Sardegna=Ferrovie della Sardegna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XWA_(professional_wrestling)=Frontier Wrestling Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EarthLink=EarthLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aker_Arctic=Aker Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikoyan=Mikoyan Gurevich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flat_World_Knowledge=Flat World Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeleNorba=Gruppo Norba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Star_Trucks=Western Star Trucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framo_(car)=Framo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittoria_S.p.A.=Vittoria (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr_Pepper_Snapple_Group=Dr Pepper Snapple Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naymz=Naymz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phonocar=Phonocar
