http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Tarkovsky=Andrej Tarkovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Korzybski=Alfred Korzybski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attila=Attila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock=Alfred Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Nobel=Alfred Nobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Graham_Bell=Alexander Graham Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Kurosawa=Akira Kurosawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Toffler=Alvin Toffler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Speer=Albert Speer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace=Ada Lovelace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatoly_Karpov=Anatolij Karpov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristophanes=Aristofane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avicenna=Avicenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleister_Crowley=Aleister Crowley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Cuar%C3%B3n=Alfonso Cuarón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoninus_Pius=Antonino Pio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrose=Sant'Ambrogio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amalaric=Amalarico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Bronson_Alcott=Amos Bronson Alcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vivaldi=Antonio Vivaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_de_Lille=Alano di Lilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_of_Mainz=Alberto di Hohenzollern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agathon=Agatone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Emanuel_Agassiz=Alexander Emanuel Agassiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Agliardi=Antonio Agliardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agesilaus_II=Agesilao II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimoin=Aimoino di Fleury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaric_II=Alarico II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcaeus_of_Mytilene=Alceo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcamenes=Alcamene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alboin=Alboino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afonso_de_Albuquerque=Alfonso de Albuquerque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Balas=Alessandro I Bala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_of_Pherae=Alessandro di Fere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Severus=Alessandro Severo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Aetolus=Alessandro Etolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_(poet)=Alessi (comico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexios_I_Komnenos=Alessio I Comneno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Jackson=Andrew Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Johnson=Andrew Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alger_of_Li%C3%A8ge=Algero di Liegi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyattes_of_Lydia=Aliatte II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amalric_of_Bena=Amaury de Bène
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_II_of_Asturias=Alfonso II delle Asturie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_the_Battler=Alfonso I d'Aragona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amasis_II=Amasis (faraone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Ambros=August Wilhelm Ambros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autpert_Ambrose=Ambrogio Autperto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammonius_Hermiae=Ammonio di Ermia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amyntas_III_of_Macedon=Aminta III di Macedonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaximenes_of_Lampsacus=Anassimene di Lampsaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Anderson_(mathematician)=Alexander Anderson (matematico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Andreani=Andrea Andreani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andocides=Andocide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammianus_Marcellinus=Ammiano Marcellino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apuleius=Lucio da Patrasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Selkirk=Alexander Selkirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amitabh_Bachchan=Amitabh Bachchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthemius_of_Tralles=Antemio di Tralle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absalon=Absalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse,_Count_of_Poitiers=Alfonso di Poitiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Jordan=Alfonso Giordano di Tolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambroise=Ambrogio Normanno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adhemar_of_Le_Puy=Ademaro di Monteil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Carnegie=Andrew Carnegie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Capellanus=Andrea Cappellano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Alciato=Andrea Alciato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Tasman=Abel Tasman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Weil=André Weil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeschylus=Eschilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Horch=August Horch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amerigo_Vespucci=Amerigo Vespucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaliyah=Aaliyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdulaziz_al-Omari=Abd al-Aziz al-Umari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Salieri=Antonio Salieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Diabelli=Anton Diabelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Hill=Anita Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Felix_II=Antipapa Felice II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Scarlatti=Alessandro Scarlatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Aagesen=Andreas Aagesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akio_Morita=Akio Morita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Hopkins=Anthony Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alban_Berg=Alban Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrecht_Altdorfer=Albrecht Altdorfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostino_Carracci=Agostino Carracci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_of_Bremen=Adamo da Brema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Phillip=Arthur Phillip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Abbot_(bishop)=George Abbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aedesius=Edesio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_St._Clair=Arthur St. Clair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbahu=Abbahu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd_al-Latif_al-Baghdadi_(medieval_writer)=ʿAbd al-Laṭīf al-Baghdādī
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Carolla=Adam Carolla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aelbert_Cuyp=Aelbert Cuyp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aron_Nimzowitsch=Aaron Nimzowitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Schl%C3%BCter=Andreas Schlüter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Joshua_Heschel=Abraham Joshua Heschel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_of_Hales=Alessandro di Hales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustine_of_Canterbury=Agostino di Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agner_Krarup_Erlang=Agner Krarup Erlang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariel_Sharon=Ariel Sharon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Lamo=Adrian Lamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexey_Pajitnov=Aleksej Leonidovič Pažitnov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%60Abdu'l-Bah%C3%A1='Abdu'l-Bahá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_al-Faraj_al-Isfahani=Abū l-Faraj al-Iṣfahānī
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Capp=Al Capp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Brooks=Albert Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Toriyama=Akira Toriyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_Sax=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adin_Steinsaltz=Adin Steinsaltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_al-Haznawi=Ahmed al-Haznawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_al-Nami=Ahmed al-Nami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britney_Spears=Britney Spears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gautama_Buddha=Gautama Buddha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Gates=Bill Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bille_August=Bille August
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Spencer=Bud Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Bardot=Brigitte Bardot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Perens=Bruce Perens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Watterson=Bill Watterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller=Richard Buckminster Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Andrieu=Bertrand Andrieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeo_Ammannati=Bartolomeo Ammannati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blythe_Danner=Blythe Danner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Atkinson=Bill Atkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_Berenson=Berry Berenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Olson=Barbara Olson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_Ochino=Bernardino Ochino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_De_Palma=Brian De Palma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodhidharma=Bodhidharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bob_Thornton=Billy Bob Thornton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boudica=Boudicca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B%C3%A9la_Bart%C3%B3k=Béla Bartók
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Lancaster=Burt Lancaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbeard=Barbanera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burhanuddin_Rabbani=Burhanuddin Rabbani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Oddie=Bill Oddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Campbell=Bruce Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Young_(businessman)=Bob Young (imprenditore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Macy=Bill Macy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Costas=Bob Costas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Mumy=Bill Mumy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Bixby=Bill Bixby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bela_Lugosi=Bela Lugosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigham_Young=Brigham Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlize_Theron=Charlize Theron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chaplin=Charlie Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Columbus=Cristoforo Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_David_Friedrich=Caspar David Friedrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtney_Love=Courtney Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catullus=Gaio Valerio Catullo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clement_Attlee=Clement Attlee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Tupper=Charles Tupper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_and_Hobbes=Calvin & Hobbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Ludwig_Agricola=Christoph Ludwig Agricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_B._DeMille=Cecil B. DeMille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantin_von_Tischendorf=Konstantin von Tischendorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ancillon=Charles Ancillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Ashton_Smith=Clark Ashton Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Monteverdi=Claudio Monteverdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Baxter_(author)=Charles Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Debussy=Claude Debussy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Beug=Carolyn Beug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Farrar_Browne=Charles Farrar Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Proteus_Steinmetz=Charles Proteus Steinmetz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Monet=Claude Monet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claus_Sluter=Claus Sluter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Tombaugh=Clyde Tombaugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_of_Oliva=Cristiano di Prussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Marker=Chris Marker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantius_II=Costanzo II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Kapp=Colin Kapp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimabue=Cimabue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste-Sim%C3%A9on_Chardin=Jean-Baptiste-Siméon Chardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotton_Mather=Cotton Mather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordwainer_Smith=Cordwainer Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kidd=William Kidd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Sarandon=Chris Sarandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cary_Elwes=Cary Elwes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Guest=Christopher Guest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Kane=Carol Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudius_Aelianus=Claudio Eliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_II_(emperor)=Costantino II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrado_Gini=Corrado Gini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_the_Great=Costantino I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calista_Flockhart=Calista Flockhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Evans_Hughes=Charles Evans Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaim_Topol=Chaim Topol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Alexander=Christopher Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Eastman=Crystal Eastman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_de_Pizan=Christine de Pizan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Brown=Clarence Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Piron=Claude Piron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Petacci=Clara Petacci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._W._Griffith=David Wark Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_Barrymore=Drew Barrymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cronenberg=David Cronenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lynch=David Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Thompson_(explorer)=David Thompson (esploratore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Fincher=David Fincher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Dre=Dr. Dre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Grohl=Dave Grohl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_Morris=Desmond Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Alberti=Domenico Alberti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doris_Day=Doris Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delroy_Lindo=Delroy Lindo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Janssen=David Janssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_de_Almagro=Diego de Almagro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Elfman=Danny Elfman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diedrich_Hermann_Westermann=Diedrich Hermann Westermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Angell=David Angell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_Schultz=Dwight Schultz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_L._Moody=Dwight L. Moody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draco_(lawgiver)=Dracone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Wellesley,_1st_Duke_of_Wellington=Arthur Wellesley, I duca di Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Shostakovich=Dmitrij Dmitrievič Šostakovič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diocletian=Diocleziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Donaldson_(activist)=Donny the Punk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Jones_(phonetician)=Daniel Jones (linguista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dava_Sobel=Dava Sobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Benedict=Dirk Benedict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desi_Arnaz=Desi Arnaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Hopper=Dennis Hopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bowie=David Bowie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._B._Cooper=D. B. Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domitius_Afer=Gneo Domizio Afro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Abercromby=David Abercromby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionysius_Thrax=Dionisio Trace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dziga_Vertov=Dziga Vertov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Huffman=David Huffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunstan=Dunstano di Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Kaye=Danny Kaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Plato=Dana Plato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diophantus=Diofanto di Alessandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolores_Fuller=Dolores Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Campbell=Donald Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmus_Darwin=Erasmus Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_Presley=Elvis Presley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Errol_Morris=Errol Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Hemingway=Ernest Hemingway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_S._Raymond=Eric Steven Raymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edvard_Grieg=Edvard Grieg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._E._Cummings=Edward Estlin Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89douard_Manet=Édouard Manet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eug%C3%A8ne_Viollet-le-Duc=Eugène Viollet-le-Duc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einhard=Eginardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmus_Alberus=Erasmus Alberus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eusebius_Amort=Eusebius Amort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_Phillpotts=Eden Phillpotts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._B._White=Elwyn Brooks White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Brockovich=Erin Brockovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euripides=Euripide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ennius=Quinto Ennio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._E._Smith=E. E. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elijah=Elia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eubulides=Eubulide di Mileto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Sullivan=Ed Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Satie=Erik Satie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ettore_Ximenes=Ettore Ximenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Gracen=Elizabeth Gracen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar=Edward Elgar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Abbott_Abbott=Edwin Abbott Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Abbott=Emma Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezra_Abbot=Ezra Abbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_de_Vere,_17th_Earl_of_Oxford=Edward de Vere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eusebius=Eusebio di Cesarea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eusebius_of_Nicomedia=Eusebio di Nicomedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirohito=Hirohito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbridge_Gerry=Elbridge Gerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Howard_Armstrong=Edwin Howard Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evliya_%C3%87elebi=Evliya Çelebi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_van_Langen=Ellen van Langen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bulwer-Lytton=Edward Bulwer-Lytton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_Arden=Eve Arden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Heizei=Heizei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elyssa_Davalos=Elyssa Davalos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_Blasco_Ferrer=Eduardo Blasco Ferrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Wallach=Eli Wallach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Wood=Edward D. Wood Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Ford_Coppola=Francis Ford Coppola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Truffaut=François Truffaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr%C3%A9d%C3%A9ric_Chopin=Fryderyk Chopin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Kafka=Franz Kafka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FM-2030=FM-2030
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Scott_Key=Francis Scott Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fay_Wray=Fay Wray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_d'Aguilon=François d'Aguilon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle=Fred Hoyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Algarotti=Francesco Algarotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Andreini=Francesco Andreini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Douglass=Frederick Douglass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabritio_Caroso=Fabrizio Caroso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Sinatra=Frank Sinatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabio_Taglioni=Fabio Taglioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Capra=Frank Capra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr%C3%A9d%C3%A9ric_Bazille=Jean-Frédéric Bazille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fra_Bartolomeo=Fra Bartolomeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Drake=Francis Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Savage=Fred Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Abington=Frances Abington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_I_Sforza=Francesco Sforza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang=Fritz Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_J._Schaffner=Franklin Schaffner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Boas=Franz Boas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_Heineken=Freddy Heineken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_J_Ackerman=Forrest J. Ackerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Schmidt=Franz Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_Fellini=Federico Fellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fridtjof_Nansen=Fridtjof Nansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lucas=George Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Kelly=Gene Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Coleman=Gary Coleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Eiffel=Gustave Eiffel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Cesbron=Gilbert Cesbron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galen=Galeno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garry_Trudeau=Garry Trudeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gioachino_Rossini=Gioachino Rossini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_Aichinger=Gregor Aichinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Alberoni=Giulio Alberoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gil_%C3%81lvarez_Carrillo_de_Albornoz=Egidio Albornoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galeazzo_Alessi=Galeazzo Alessi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Aleandro=Girolamo Aleandro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Alenio=Giulio Aleni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregorio_Allegri=Gregorio Allegri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_d'Andrea=Giovanni d'Andrea (giurista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Schroeder=Gerald Schroeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peppard=George Peppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Hackman=Gene Hackman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Stephenson=George Stephenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerrit_Rietveld=Gerrit Rietveld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallienus=Gallieno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Fawkes=Guy Fawkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Kildall=Gary Kildall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Puccini=Giacomo Puccini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cukor=George Cukor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Pierluigi_da_Palestrina=Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Frideric_Handel=Georg Friedrich Händel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavin_MacLeod=Gavin MacLeod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Chaucer=Geoffrey Chaucer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Gardner_(Wiccan)=Gerald Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grigori_Rasputin=Grigorij Rasputin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Radbruch=Gustav Radbruch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garry_Kasparov=Garri Kasparov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Vancouver=George Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hamilton-Gordon,_4th_Earl_of_Aberdeen=George Hamilton Gordon, IV conte di Aberdeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Gary_Powers=Francis Gary Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giordano_Bruno=Giordano Bruno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gasparo_Contarini=Gasparo Contarini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Verdi=Giuseppe Verdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Carver=George Washington Carver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavrilo_Princip=Gavrilo Princip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_S._Kaufman=George S. Kaufman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Chapman=Graham Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giosu%C3%A8_Carducci=Giosuè Carducci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Busey=Gary Busey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Michael_Woolvett=Gordon Michael Woolvett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Philipp_Telemann=Georg Philipp Telemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gershwin=George Gershwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Frederick,_Margrave_of_Brandenburg-Ansbach=Giorgio Federico di Brandeburgo-Ansbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilgamesh=Gilgameš
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Roddenberry=Gene Roddenberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hawks=Howard Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Mayhew=Henry Mayhew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford=Henry Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Engdahl=Horace Engdahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Gerhard_Creutzfeldt=Hans Gerhard Creutzfeldt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippocrates=Ippocrate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bordeaux=Henry Bordeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herodotus=Erodoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huldrych_Zwingli=Ulrico Zwingli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hipparchus=Ipparco di Nicea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadrian=Adriano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ainsworth=Henry Ainsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Dietrich_Genscher=Hans-Dietrich Genscher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesiod=Esiodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._R._Giger=Hans Ruedi Giger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halle_Berry=Halle Berry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Chopin=Henri Chopin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Holt=Harold Holt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_J._Heinz=Henry John Heinz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hani_Hanjour=Hani Hanjour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Heath_Robinson=Heath Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal=Annibale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heraclius=Eraclio I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Hollerith=Herman Hollerith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_Hamlin=Hannibal Hamlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Kushner=Harold Kushner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hern%C3%A1n_Cort%C3%A9s=Hernán Cortés
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Secombe=Harry Secombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_Bogart=Humphrey Bogart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Home,_Lord_Kames=Henry Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrick_Avercamp=Hendrick Avercamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hughes=Howard Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Purcell=Henry Purcell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartmann_Schedel=Hartmann Schedel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bruce,_1st_Baron_Aberdare=Henry Bruce, I barone Aberdare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Hefner=Hugh Hefner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Shearer=Harry Shearer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammurabi=Hammurabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huneric=Unnerico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto=Harold Kroto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irina_Krush=Irina Krush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izabella_Scorupco=Izabella Scorupco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingmar_Bergman=Ingmar Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Murdock=Ian Murdock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ictinus=Ictino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivo_Caprino=Ivo Caprino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Bonewits=Isaac Bonewits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Alb%C3%A9niz=Isaac Albéniz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Battuta=Ibn Battuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_McKellen=Ian McKellen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_d'Este=Isabella d'Este
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Stern=Isaac Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Woo=John Woo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Jackson=Joshua Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Joyce=James Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cameron=James Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Baskerville=John Baskerville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook=James Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jacob_Astor=John Jacob Astor I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wyndham=John Wyndham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Quincy_Adams=John Quincy Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Mayol=Jacques Mayol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Gutenberg=Johannes Gutenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Terboven=Josef Terboven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Jarmusch=Jim Jarmusch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coen_brothers=Joel ed Ethan Coen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen=Jane Austen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lemmon=Jack Lemmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Cocteau=Jean Cocteau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lennon=John Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cleese=John Cleese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilkes_Booth=John Wilkes Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Calvin=Giovanni Calvino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judit_Polg%C3%A1r=Judit Polgár
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Newton=John Newton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_L._Chalker=Jack L. Chalker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Madison=James Madison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Agricola=Johann Friedrich Agricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Abbadie=Jacques Abbadie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Agricola=Johannes Agricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Albrechtsberger=Johann Georg Albrechtsberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_K._Polk=James Knox Polk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_Alsted=Johann Heinrich Alsted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Amp%C3%A8re=Jean-Jacques Ampère
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Joseph_Marie_Amiot=Joseph-Marie Amiot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Anatoli=Jacob Anatoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Demme=Jonathan Demme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cagney=James Cagney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hagelin=John Hagelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Whale=James Whale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Haydn=Franz Joseph Haydn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Reno=Janet Reno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sayles=John Sayles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Haynes=Johnny Haynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Spader=James Spader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wayne=John Wayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Butler_Yeats=Jack Butler Yeats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Lopez=Jennifer Lopez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Shore=Jane Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Gurney_Cannon=Joseph Gurney Cannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joris_Ivens=Joris Ivens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Cotten=Joseph Cotten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Kern=Jerome Kern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Henson=Jim Henson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau=Jacques-Yves Cousteau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_von_Werth=Johann von Werth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Ruby=Jack Ruby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stewart=James Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Randi=James Randi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Wedgwood=Josiah Wedgwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_III_Frederick,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Gioacchino Federico di Brandeburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sigismund,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Giovanni Sigismondo di Brandeburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_(emperor)=Flavio Claudio Giuliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Callot=Jacques Callot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dowland=John Dowland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon=John James Audubon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Brahms=Johannes Brahms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulting_brothers=John e Roy Boulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Frankenheimer=John Frankenheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jellicoe,_1st_Earl_Jellicoe=John Jellicoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stevens_Cabot_Abbott=John Stevens Cabot Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Philipp_Abelin=Johann Philipp Abelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Abercrombie_(physician)=John Abercrombie (medico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hamilton,_1st_Earl_of_Abercorn=James Hamilton, I conte di Abercorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Abernethy_(surgeon)=John Abernethy (anatomista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_van_Goyen=Jan van Goyen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Tetzel=Johann Tetzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_D%C5%82ugosz=Jan Długosz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus=Giusto di Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumi=Gialal al-Din Rumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_I_Nestor,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Gioacchino I di Brandeburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Neusner=Jacob Neusner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Richard=Jean Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japheth=Jafet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ashcroft=John Ashcroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Jaynes=Julian Jaynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Orton=Joe Orton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Alexander=Jason Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephus=Flavio Giuseppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Falwell=Jerry Falwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Adams_(composer)=John Adams (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sutter=John Sutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Voight=Jon Voight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Akii-Bua=John Akii-Bua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Roberts=Julia Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Weissmuller=Johnny Weissmuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Kirby=Jack Kirby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_P._Hogan_(writer)=James P. Hogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hay=John Hay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasmuheen=Jasmuheen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keanu_Reeves=Keanu Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Cobain=Kurt Cobain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kul_Tigin=Kul Tigin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinky_Friedman=Kinky Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_MacLachlan=Kyle MacLachlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Spacey=Kevin Spacey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Abel=Karl Friedrich Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Andree=Karl Andree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callicrates=Callicrate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Bacon=Kevin Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalid_al-Mihdhar=Khalid al-Mihdhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kon_Ichikawa=Kon Ichikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kia_Asamiya=Kia Asamiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Loach=Ken Loach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kylie_Minogue=Kylie Minogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabir_Bedi=Kabir Bedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaj_Munk=Kaj Munk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Philby=Kim Philby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Sahara=Kenji Sahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyoshi_Atsumi=Kiyoshi Atsumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._W._Jeter=K. W. Jeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Redfield_Jamison=Kay Redfield Jamison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelsey_Grammer=Kelsey Grammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kit_Carson=Kit Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kipchoge_Keino=Kipchoge Keino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Schwenckfeld=Kaspar Schwenckfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Kesey=Ken Kesey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlheinz_Stockhausen=Karlheinz Stockhausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzysztof_Penderecki=Krzysztof Penderecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakinomoto_no_Hitomaro=Kakinomoto no Hitomaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiki_Kaifu=Toshiki Kaifu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khandi_Alexander=Khandi Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katina_Paxinou=Katina Paxinou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khwaja_Ahmad_Abbas=Khwaja Ahmad Abbas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Emil_Bloch=Konrad Emil Bloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Amadeus_Hartmann=Karl Amadeus Hartmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Maria_Brandauer=Klaus Maria Brandauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirsten_Dunst=Kirsten Dunst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Caron=Leslie Caron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Wall=Larry Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Bush=Laura Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leni_Riefenstahl=Leni Riefenstahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linus_Torvalds=Linus Torvalds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Harvey_Oswald=Lee Harvey Oswald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Magnus_Ericsson=Lars Magnus Ericsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._Ron_Hubbard=L. Ron Hubbard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_van_Beethoven=Ludwig van Beethoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_von_Trier=Lars von Trier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fibonacci=Leonardo Fibonacci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Alamanni=Luigi Alamanni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Aleman=Louis Aleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Tarquinius_Priscus=Tarquinio Prisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Tarquinius_Superbus=Tarquinio il Superbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Bloomfield=Leonard Bloomfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci=Leonardo da Vinci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._L._Zamenhof=Ludwik Lejzer Zamenhof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Andriessen=Louis Andriessen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Peltier=Leonard Peltier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lev_Kuleshov=Lev Vladimirovič Kulešov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamorna_Birch=Lamorna Birch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lactantius=Lattanzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leszek_Miller=Leszek Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_von_Sacher-Masoch=Leopold von Sacher-Masoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Marvin=Lee Marvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsay_Anderson=Lindsay Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Afranius_(poet)=Lucio Afranio (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_Pacioli=Luca Pacioli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Ginzberg=Louis Ginzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Ritter_von_K%C3%B6chel=Ludwig von Köchel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%A9on_Theremin=Lev Sergeevič Termen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_de'_Medici=Lorenzo de' Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucrezia_Borgia=Lucrezia Borgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Bertram=Laura Bertram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Ferrigno=Lou Ferrigno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Van_Cleef=Lee Van Cleef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liv_Ullmann=Liv Ullmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mack_Sennett=Mack Sennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Pickford=Mary Pickford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Groening=Matt Groening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad=Maometto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Achard=Marcel Achard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._T=Mr. T
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Scorsese=Martin Scorsese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaki_Kobayashi=Masaki Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Monroe=Marilyn Monroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Polo=Marco Polo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matteo_Carcassi=Matteo Carcassi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahatma_Gandhi=Mahatma Gandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mervyn_Peake=Mervyn Peake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariah_Carey=Mariah Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Kalashnikov=Michail Timofeevič Kalašnikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Mann_(director)=Michael Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses=Mosè
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Mead=Margaret Mead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Palin=Michael Palin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Bloch=Marc Bloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Steiner=Max Steiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Polanyi=Michael Polanyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Agricola=Martin Agricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_August_Zorn=Max August Zorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Vipsanius_Agrippa=Marco Vipsanio Agrippa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Amyraut=Moïse Amyraut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Maecenas=Gaio Cilnio Mecenate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Claudius_Tacitus=Marco Claudio Tacito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Foot=Michael Foot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Wollstonecraft=Mary Wollstonecraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhuri_Dixit=Madhuri Dixit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majed_Moqed=Majed Moqed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlon_Brando=Marlon Brando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Bingham=Mark Bingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Lewinsky=Monica Lewinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_ibn_Abd_al-Wahhab=Muḥammad ibn ʿAbd al-Wahhāb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_Al-Fayed=Mohamed Al-Fayed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_King,_Jr.=Martin Luther King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maroboduus=Maroboduo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Muuss=Mike Muuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilda_of_Tuscany=Matilde di Canossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_Richardson=Miranda Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meir_Kahane=Meir Kahane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marietta_Alboni=Marietta Alboni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Murray=Margaret Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Brooks=Mel Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Fowler=Martin Fowler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayao_Miyazaki=Hayao Miyazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcello_Malpighi=Marcello Malpighi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_Atta=Mohamed Atta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandy_Patinkin=Mandy Patinkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Freeman=Morgan Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiwara_no_Michinaga=Fujiwara no Michinaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary,_Queen_of_Scots=Maria Stuarda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macrinus=Macrino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Waldseem%C3%BCller=Martin Waldseemüller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mordecai_Kaplan=Mordecai Kaplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Sanger=Margaret Sanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellitus=Mellito di Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_de_Icaza=Miguel de Icaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menachem_Begin=Menachem Begin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_X=Malcolm X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason_Remey=Charles Mason Remey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Tyler_Moore=Mary Tyler Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathias_Rust=Mathias Rust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Proust=Marcel Proust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Columbu=Michele Columbu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Berlinguer=Mario Berlinguer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Cage=Nicolas Cage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Reagan=Nancy Reagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicanor_Parra=Nicanor Parra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_MacMillan=Norma MacMillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikola_Tesla=Nikola Tesla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niccol%C3%B2_Paganini=Niccolò Paganini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Kidman=Nicole Kidman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_von_Amsdorf=Nicolaus von Amsdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_Webster=Noah Webster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nostradamus=Nostradamus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawaf_al-Hazmi=Nawaf al-Hazmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoko_Takeuchi=Naoko Takeuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nahum=Naum (profeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nastassja_Kinski=Nastassja Kinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninon_de_l'Enclos=Ninon de Lenclos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Simon=Neil Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawal_El_Moutawakel=Nawal El Moutawakel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niccol%C3%B2_Fontana_Tartaglia=Niccolò Tartaglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagarjuna=Nāgārjuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_Welles=Orson Welles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogden_Nash=Ogden Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osama_bin_Laden=Osama bin Laden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obelix=Obelix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_Letelier=Orlando Letelier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Origen=Origene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Jespersen=Otto Jespersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Cohen_(mathematician)=Paul Cohen (matematico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pen%C3%A9lope_Cruz=Penélope Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Anderson=Pamela Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Robeson=Paul Robeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Nilson=Peter Nilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Vixie=Paul Vixie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piri_Reis=Piri Reìs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Allen=Paul Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Zimmermann=Phil Zimmermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Val%C3%A9ry=Paul Valéry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Franz_von_Siebold=Philipp Franz von Siebold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Cook=Peter Cook (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poul_Anderson=Poul Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Falk=Peter Falk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_the_Deacon=Paolo Silenziario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Samuilovich_Urysohn=Pavel Samuilovič Uryson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Agostino=Paolo Agostini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_XXIII=Papa Giovanni XXIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Allix=Pierre Allix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_XXI=Papa Giovanni XXI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Honorius_II=Papa Onorio II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pompey=Gneo Pompeo Magno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Reubens=Paul Reubens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy=Claudio Tolomeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Boniface_VII=Antipapa Bonifacio VII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoebe_Hearst=Phoebe Hearst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Clement_III=Papa Clemente III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plautus=Tito Maccio Plauto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Gregory_VIII=Papa Gregorio VIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Guralnick=Peter Guralnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Whitehouse=Paul Whitehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pol_Pot=Pol Pot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Victor_II=Papa Vittore II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Victor_III=Papa Vittore III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_J._McAuley=Paul J. McAuley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Innocent_III=Papa Innocenzo III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Ilyich_Tchaikovsky=Pëtr Il'ič Čajkovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plutarch=Plutarco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_J._Carroll=Peter J. Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Glass=Philip Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Sellers=Peter Sellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Johann_Anselm_Ritter_von_Feuerbach=Paul Johann Anselm Ritter von Feuerbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Laurence_Dunbar=Paul Laurence Dunbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Macnee=Patrick Macnee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pel%C3%A9=Pelé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Stuyvesant=Peter Stuyvesant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paavo_Nurmi=Paavo Nurmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Soltysik=Patricia Soltysik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinuccio_Sciola=Pinuccio Sciola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Tarantino=Quentin Tarantino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Byrd=Robert Byrd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_Limbaugh=Rush Limbaugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Polanski=Roman Polański
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_J._Flaherty=Robert J. Flaherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Reagan=Ronald Reagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Wagner=Richard Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridley_Scott=Ridley Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rodriguez=Robert Rodriguez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Falcon_Scott=Robert Falcon Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Nader=Ralph Nader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Crowe=Russell Crowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Chapman_Andrews=Roy Chapman Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Casement=Roger Casement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romulus_Augustulus=Romolo Augusto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Noyce=Robert Noyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg=Rube Goldberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Menzies=Robert Menzies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolphus_Agricola=Rudolf Agricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Gordon=Ruth Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bacon=Ruggero Bacone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Kurzweil=Raymond Kurzweil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Garfield=Richard Garfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Diesel=Rudolf Diesel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Murdoch=Rupert Murdoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fulton=Robert Fulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Cudworth=Ralph Cudworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Amundsen=Roald Amundsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhollah_Khomeini=Ruhollah Khomeyni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Reiner=Rob Reiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Wright=Robin Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_Lardner=Ring Lardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Parr=Robert Parr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Ingram_(director)=Rex Ingram (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosa_Parks=Rosa Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_of_Saint_Victor=Riccardo di San Vittore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhys_ap_Gruffydd=Rhys ap Gruffydd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romano_Mussolini=Romano Mussolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Benedict=Ruth Benedict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rurik=Rjurik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashi=Rashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Siodmak=Robert Siodmak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Moog=Robert Moog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Elizabeth=Shannon Elizabeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kubrick=Stanley Kubrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Connery=Sean Connery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Butler_(poet)=Samuel Butler (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Reich=Steve Reich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Lee=Spike Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Jonze=Spike Jonze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Spielberg=Steven Spielberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophocles=Sofocle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse=Samuel Morse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sture_All%C3%A9n=Sture Allén
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Soderbergh=Steven Soderbergh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soad_Hosny=Soad Hosny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Michelle_Gellar=Sarah Michelle Gellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Milgram=Stanley Milgram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sima_Qian=Sima Qian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Peckinpah=Sam Peckinpah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Bono=Sonny Bono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Prokofiev=Sergej Sergeevič Prokof'ev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salma_Hayek=Salma Hayek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_bar_Kokhba=Simon Bar Kokheba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sappho=Saffo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys=Samuel Pepys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Wozniak=Steve Wozniak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sextus_Julius_Africanus=Sesto Giulio Africano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servius_Tullius=Servio Tullio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_B._Anthony=Susan B. Anthony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hijackers_in_the_September_11_attacks=Dirottatori degli attentati dell'11 settembre 2001
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_al-Hazmi=Salem al-Hazmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Ockley=Simon Ockley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Biko=Stephen Biko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Eisenstein=Sergej Michajlovič Ėjzenštejn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Diaghilev=Sergej Pavlovič Djagilev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soong_May-ling=Song Meiling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Raimi=Sam Raimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Faludi=Susan Faludi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screaming_Lord_Sutch=Screaming Lord Sutch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saki=Saki (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Mudd=Samuel Mudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jones_(philologist)=William Jones (filologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Myung_Moon=Sun Myung Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Schechter=Solomon Schechter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Northup=Solomon Northup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Loyd=Samuel Loyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sojourner_Truth=Sojourner Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shem=Sem (Bibbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoghi_Effendi=Shoghi Effendi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaul_Mofaz=Shaul Mofaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Bullock=Sandra Bullock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonja_Henie=Sonja Henie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saeed_al-Ghamdi=Sa'id al-Ghamdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulpicius_Severus=Sulpicio Severo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Ballmer=Steve Ballmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiffani_Thiessen=Tiffani Thiessen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison=Thomas Edison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Jefferson=Thomas Jefferson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tycho_Brahe=Tycho Brahe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee=Tim Berners-Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonyukuk=Tonyukuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Lee=Tommy Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Hill=Terence Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristan_Bernard=Tristan Bernard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Gilliam=Terry Gilliam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutankhamun=Tutankhamon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Turner=Ted Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cranmer=Thomas Cranmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoinot_Arbeau=Thoinot Arbeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trajan=Traiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Malory=Thomas Malory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence=Publio Terenzio Afro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Nast=Thomas Nast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thucydides=Tucidide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hare_(political_scientist)=Thomas Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Pynchon=Thomas Pynchon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomaso_Albinoni=Tomaso Albinoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Leary=Timothy Leary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Trubetzkoy=Nikolaj Sergeevič Trubeckoj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mifflin=Thomas Mifflin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tertullian=Tertulliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Vinterberg=Thomas Vinterberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupac_Shakur=Tupac Shakur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thabo_Mbeki=Thabo Mbeki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_R._Marshall=Thomas R. Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._H._White=T. H. White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_J._Watson=Thomas J. Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Raimi=Ted Raimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Cruise=Tom Cruise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trine_Hattestad=Trine Hattestad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tod_Browning=Tod Browning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Burton=Tim Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_McVeigh=Timothy McVeigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Curry=Tim Curry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_De_Sica=Vittorio De Sica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valens=Valente (imperatore romano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitellius=Vitellio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villard_de_Honnecourt=Villard de Honnecourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Bellini=Vincenzo Bellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vratislaus_I,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Vratislao I di Boemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Woodhull=Victoria Woodhull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_of_Aveyron=Victor dell'Aveyron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivien_Leigh=Vivien Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitruvius=Marco Vitruvio Pollione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Ward_(director)=Vincent Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kennedy_Dickson=William Kennedy Laurie Dickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wim_Wenders=Wim Wenders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woody_Allen=Woody Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney=Walt Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Chapman=Eddie Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wachowskis=Lana e Lilly Wachowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Cunningham=Ward Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Herzog=Werner Herzog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart=Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Petersen=Wolfgang Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._H._Auden=Wystan Hugh Auden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Morris=William Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Churchill=Winston Churchill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Empson=William Empson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King=William Lyon Mackenzie King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodrow_Wilson=Thomas Woodrow Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Randolph_Hearst=William Randolph Hearst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_McGonagall=William McGonagall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Gustloff=Wilhelm Gustloff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._B._Yeats=William Butler Yeats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun=Wernher von Braun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Seward_Burroughs_I=William Seward Burroughs (inventore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ames=William Ames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wallace=William Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Shawn=Wallace Shawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_(archbishop_of_Mainz)=Guglielmo di Magonza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ewart_Gladstone=William Ewart Gladstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wau_Holland=Wau Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_O'Dwyer=William O'Dwyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitney_Houston=Whitney Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winona_Ryder=Winona Ryder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xena=Xena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunus_Emre=Yunus Emre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes,_Virginia,_there_is_a_Santa_Claus=Sì, Virginia, Babbo Natale esiste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeardley_Smith=Yeardley Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoko_Ono=Yōko Ono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukihiro_Matsumoto=Yukihiro Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukinobu_Hoshino=Yukinobu Hoshino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zosimus=Zosimo (storico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziad_Jarrah=Ziyad Jarrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zephaniah=Sofonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zheng_He=Zheng He
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Marshall=George Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevie_Nicks=Stevie Nicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glycerius=Glicerio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Harding=Anita Harding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Shea=Jimmy Shea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laetitia_Casta=Laetitia Casta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Dunant=Henry Dunant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_Edwards=Blake Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Sue_Anderson=Melissa Sue Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moustapha_Akkad=Mustafa Akkad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Mazzini=Giuseppe Mazzini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Mitchell=Warren Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_Reggio=Godfrey Reggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeno_of_Citium=Zenone di Cizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Gelbart=Larry Gelbart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Tubman=Harriet Tubman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booker_T._Washington=Booker T. Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Knox=John Knox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Richards=Denise Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevie_Case=Stevie Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Junius_Brutus_the_Younger=Marco Giunio Bruto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Shrapnel=Henry Shrapnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Garros_(aviator)=Roland Garros (aviatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Zawinski=James Werner Zawinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutger_Hauer=Rutger Hauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tazio_Nuvolari=Tazio Nuvolari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hildegard_Knef=Hildegard Knef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_XXII=Papa Giovanni XXII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Tyndale=William Tyndale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Minter=Jeff Minter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquis_de_Condorcet=Nicolas de Condorcet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micky_Dolenz=Micky Dolenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Mascagni=Pietro Mascagni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saverio_Mercadante=Saverio Mercadante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Cilea=Francesco Cilea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Cimarosa=Domenico Cimarosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Pacini=Giovanni Pacini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaetano_Donizetti=Gaetano Donizetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruggero_Leoncavallo=Ruggero Leoncavallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Paisiello=Giovanni Paisiello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Fanning=Shawn Fanning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_of_Krak%C3%B3w=Matteo da Cracovia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Pergolesi=Giovanni Battista Pergolesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry_Adams=Gerry Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twyla_Tharp=Twyla Tharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Stravinsky=Igor' Fëdorovič Stravinskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanford_Wilson=Lanford Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Reno=Jean Reno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Verg%C3%A8s=Jacques Vergès
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning=Mary Anning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Schindler=Oskar Schindler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_M%C3%BCnster=Sebastian Münster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carmack=John Carmack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Portman=Natalie Portman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Heckart=Eileen Heckart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigismund,_Archduke_of_Austria=Sigismondo d'Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigismund,_Duke_of_Bavaria=Sigismondo di Baviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Siegel=Don Siegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Leone=Sergio Leone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Preminger=Otto Preminger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_II,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Ludovico VI di Baviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Hackl=Georg Hackl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_the_Apostle=Giovanni (evangelista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo_Antonioni=Michelangelo Antonioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldie=Goldie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Rossellini=Roberto Rossellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cary_Grant=Cary Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Broom=Robert Broom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbie_Williams=Robbie Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._J._Mitchell=Reginald Joseph Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiro_Agnew=Spiro Agnew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Schickele=P. D. Q. Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_de_Champlain=Samuel de Champlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Martin=Mary Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloysius_Lilius=Luigi Lilio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_W._H._Myers=Frederic William Henry Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Melanchthon=Filippo Melantone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_Kranzberg=Melvin Kranzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrecht_III_Achilles,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Alberto III di Brandeburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Languet=Philippe Duplessis-Mornay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_I,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Federico I di Brandeburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_II,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Federico II di Brandeburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Estienne=Robert Estienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Estienne=Henri Estienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mai_Zetterling=Mai Zetterling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Moller_Gilbreth=Lillian Moller Gilbreth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Logie_Baird=John Logie Baird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berengar_of_Tours=Berengario di Tours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89lie_Ducommun=Élie Ducommun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Williams=Roger Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myles_Coverdale=Myles Coverdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Philip_Sousa=John Philip Sousa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Honecker=Erich Honecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Renfrew,_Baron_Renfrew_of_Kaimsthorn=Colin Renfrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Rickman=Alan Rickman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Aniston=Jennifer Aniston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Priestley=Joseph Priestley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Beza=Teodoro di Beza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janne_Lahtela=Janne Lahtela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thaw=John Thaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristan_Gale=Tristan Gale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ko_Gi-hyun=Ko Gi-hyun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Whitefield=George Whitefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_A._Garfield=James A. Garfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Baptiste_Point_du_Sable=Jean Baptiste Pointe du Sable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Curtis=Ian Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurij_Vega=Jurij Vega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Hamilton=Alexander Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Gagnon=Marc Gagnon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viggo_Brun=Viggo Brun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luc_Besson=Luc Besson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Bergman=Ingrid Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Pacino=Al Pacino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Mercury=Freddie Mercury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ousterhout=John Ousterhout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Gable=Clark Gable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Lambert=Christopher Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Diaz=Cameron Diaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Reuter=Paul Julius Reuter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Eck=Johannes Eck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dustin_Hoffman=Dustin Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Demme=Ted Demme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillian_Anderson=Gillian Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marien_Ngouabi=Marien Ngouabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honor%C3%A9_de_Balzac=Honoré de Balzac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Taylor=Elizabeth Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Richter_(artist)=Hans Richter (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopoldo_Galtieri=Leopoldo Galtieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwyneth_Paltrow=Gwyneth Paltrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bion_of_Smyrna=Bione di Smirne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Whittle=Frank Whittle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Elizabeth_Braddon=Mary Elizabeth Braddon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Michael_Straczynski=J. Michael Straczynski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murasaki_Shikibu=Murasaki Shikibu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaz_Bono=Chaz Bono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Marceau=Sophie Marceau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elia_Kazan=Elia Kazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philo_Farnsworth=Philo Farnsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eunice_Kennedy_Shriver=Eunice Kennedy Shriver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O._Henry=O. Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buster_Keaton=Buster Keaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Stone=Sharon Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_A._Dembski=William Dembski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Judd=Ashley Judd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ava_Gardner=Ava Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_De_Mornay=Rebecca De Mornay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_O'Malley=Grace O'Malley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Bernstein=Leonard Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Stanwyck=Barbara Stanwyck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Hepburn=Katharine Hepburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenobia=Zenobia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Eastwood=Clint Eastwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Cady_Stanton=Elizabeth Cady Stanton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_von_Drygalski=Erich Dagobert von Drygalski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_%C3%A0_Kempis=Tommaso da Kempis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Barton=Clara Barton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurelian=Aureliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karel_%C4%8Capek=Karel Čapek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Perot=Ross Perot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Hanks=Tom Hanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsinoe_II=Arsinoe II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Chodowiecki=Daniel Chodowiecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Daniel_Falk=Johannes Daniel Falk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Minuit=Peter Minuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Olivier=Laurence Olivier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Pullman=George Pullman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luise_Gottsched=Luise Kulmus Gottsched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andie_MacDowell=Andie MacDowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Altman=Robert Altman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybill_Shepherd=Cybill Shepherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Bogdanovich=Peter Bogdanovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wilhelm_von_Archenholz=Johann Wilhelm Archenholz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Quinn=Anthony Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Finney=Albert Finney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Larkin=Philip Larkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Struensee=Johann Friedrich Struensee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyson_Hannigan=Alyson Hannigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hudson=Henry Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Bruckner=Anton Bruckner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Ford=Harrison Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigismund_von_Herberstein=Sigismund von Herberstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Gassman=Vittorio Gassman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marwan_al-Shehhi=Marwan al-Shehhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Huston=John Huston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Dreiser=Theodore Dreiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezra_Pound=Ezra Pound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_O'Donnell=Rosie O'Donnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelimer=Gelimero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Gibson=Mel Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_%C5%BBu%C5%82awski=Andrzej Żuławski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilderic=Ilderico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodus=Commodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulugh_Beg=Uluğ Bek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Hell=Rudolf Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bessemer=Henry Bessemer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Lombard=Carole Lombard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Cooper=Gary Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socrates_of_Constantinople=Socrate Scolastico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunderic=Gunderico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Wajda=Andrzej Wajda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoroaster=Zarathustra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thora_Birch=Thora Birch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Weir=Peter Weir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Close=Glenn Close
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_Loren=Sophia Loren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Fabricius=David Fabricius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Sturgis_McCulloch=Warren McCulloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fort=Charles Fort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoolan_Devi=Phoolan Devi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Hunt=Helen Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_of_Ketton=Roberto di Ketton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Mattacks=Dave Mattacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Bernhardt=Sarah Bernhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_F._Bayard=Thomas F. Bayard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee_Williams=Tennessee Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Scarlatti=Domenico Scarlatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcangelo_Corelli=Arcangelo Corelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kyd=Thomas Kyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuelle_Seigner=Emmanuelle Seigner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Tate=Sharon Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Tyre=Guglielmo di Tiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Blanc=Mel Blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Bion=Wilfred Bion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Falcone=Giovanni Falcone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Tofano=Sergio Tofano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesare_Zavattini=Cesare Zavattini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luchino_Visconti=Luchino Visconti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_II_Palaiologos=Manuele II Paleologo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidinnu=Kidinnu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Pitt=Brad Pitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Schumann=Robert Schumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Schubert=Franz Schubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pliny_the_Elder=Plinio il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dannii_Minogue=Dannii Minogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Benni=Stefano Benni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Theodore_Frelinghuysen=Frederick Theodore Frelinghuysen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_White=Ryan White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Nicholas_V=Antipapa Niccolò V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatian=Taziano il Siro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Schumann=Clara Schumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Muni=Paul Muni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Maria_von_Weber=Carl Maria von Weber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Wilder=Billy Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%A9rard_Depardieu=Gérard Depardieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Sullivan=Arthur Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Barthelmess=Richard Barthelmess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Byrd=William Byrd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_McLaglen=Victor McLaglen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Oliver=King Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Paul_Belmondo=Jean-Paul Belmondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Deneuve=Catherine Deneuve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_Valentino=Rodolfo Valentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_D'Oyly_Carte=Richard D'Oyly Carte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wojciech_Kilar=Wojciech Kilar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Ring=Kenneth Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeu_Dias=Bartolomeo Diaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mata_Hari=Mata Hari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bal_Gangadhar_Tilak=Bal Gangadhar Tilak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Mohan_Roy=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayananda_Saraswati=Dayananda Sarasvati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarvepalli_Radhakrishnan=Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Vivekananda=Vivekananda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Gaynor=Janet Gaynor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Tracy=Spencer Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pim_Fortuyn=Pim Fortuyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Zapf=Hermann Zapf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Burton=Richard Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Beckham=Victoria Beckham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Crawford=Joan Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%A1bor_Szeg%C5%91=Gábor Szegő
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Brandt=Karl Brandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eratosthenes=Eratostene di Cirene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlton_Heston=Charlton Heston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_Moore=Dudley Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fonda=Henry Fonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Berle=Milton Berle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Benigni=Roberto Benigni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perkin_Warbeck=Perkin Warbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_van_Eyck=Jan van Eyck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsay_MacDonald=Ramsay MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Seymour_(actress)=Jane Seymour (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_van_Eyck=Hubert van Eyck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catiline=Lucio Sergio Catilina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demosthenes=Demostene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Owens=Jesse Owens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echion_(painter)=Aezione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_de_Polignac=Alphonse de Polignac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Moussaieff_Masson=Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Celtes=Conrad Celtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivor_Novello=Ivor Novello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_the_Bald=Carlo il Calvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_the_Martyr=Edoardo il Martire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dicaearchus=Dicearco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldie_Hawn=Goldie Hawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Ravel=Maurice Ravel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Tinsley=Marion Tinsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Pinkerton=Allan Pinkerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saunders_Lewis=Saunders Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Holbein_the_Younger=Hans Holbein il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope=Alexander Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Rossiter=Leonard Rossiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus=Eudosso di Cnido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Theresa=Maria Teresa d'Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Davis=Angela Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Pym=Barbara Pym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritigern=Fritigerno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Abrams=Albert Abrams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Lustig=Victor Lustig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Jones=Ernest Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Llewellyn=Richard Llewellyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hughes_(writer)=Richard Hughes (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragnar_Lodbrok=Ragnarr Loðbrók
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Saint-Sa%C3%ABns=Camille Saint-Saëns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_de_Montfort,_6th_Earl_of_Leicester=Simone V di Montfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Casals=Pau Casals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libanius=Libanio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Gemser=Laura Gemser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Holst=Gustav Holst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley=Henry Morton Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pliny_the_Younger=Plinio il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsura_Tar%C5%8D=Katsura Tarō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbie_Hoffman=Abbie Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Sibelius=Jean Sibelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Strindberg=August Strindberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Neville,_16th_Earl_of_Warwick=Richard Neville, XVI conte di Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Newman=Paul Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Aldington=Richard Aldington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_von_Guericke=Otto von Guericke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Robertson=Pat Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_de_Nicuesa=Diego de Nicuesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina_Protmann=Regina Protmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Andropov=Jurij Vladimirovič Andropov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Bron=Eleanor Bron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehmed_VI=Mehmet VI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Polkinghorne=John Polkinghorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambert_Simnel=Lambert Simnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Revere=Paul Revere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Bertolucci=Bernardo Bertolucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Han_van_Meegeren=Han van Meegeren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Urich=Robert Urich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_V._Debs=Eugene Victor Debs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Frederick,_Margrave_of_Brandenburg-Ansbach=Giovanni Federico di Brandeburgo-Ansbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_J._Hill=James J. Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Clerihew_Bentley=Edmund Clerihew Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Miranda=Carmen Miranda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coluccio_Salutati=Coluccio Salutati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gian_Galeazzo_Visconti=Gian Galeazzo Visconti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Devereux,_2nd_Earl_of_Essex=Robert Devereux, II conte d'Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lapworth=Charles Lapworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Dudley,_1st_Earl_of_Leicester=Robert Dudley, I conte di Leicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Foscari=Francesco Foscari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Weill=Kurt Weill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clemens_August_of_Bavaria=Clemente Augusto di Baviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Walsingham=Francis Walsingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Bruni=Leonardo Bruni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Binge=Ronald Binge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrasamund=Trasamondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunthamund=Gutemondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_Feldman=Marty Feldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Copland=Aaron Copland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milo%C5%A1_Forman=Miloš Forman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Hymes=Dell Hymes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Anton_de_Bary=Anton de Bary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hartnell=William Hartnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Pertwee=Jon Pertwee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fisk=Robert Fisk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Troughton=Patrick Troughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgolfier_brothers=Fratelli Montgolfier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelagius_of_Asturias=Pelagio delle Asturie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Danziger=Paula Danziger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinda_Gates=Melinda Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Cutler=Dave Cutler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Jones=Terry Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meg_Ryan=Meg Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Jason=David Jason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Fokker=Anthony Fokker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerian_(emperor)=Valeriano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_D%C3%BCrer=Hans Dürer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_von_Kulmbach=Hans von Kulmbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritchie_Valens=Ritchie Valens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Trocchi=Alexander Trocchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_R._Impellitteri=Vincent Impellitteri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Walker=Jimmy Walker (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Ussher=James Ussher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Idle=Eric Idle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Edwards_(theologian)=Jonathan Edwards (teologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Calhoun=John C. Calhoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strabo=Strabone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Lam%C3%A9=Gabriel Lamé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Hepburn=Audrey Hepburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carpenter=John Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Heath=Edward Heath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Callaghan=James Callaghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Elton=Ben Elton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Waldo=Valdo di Lione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspar_Corte-Real=Gaspar Corte-Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Argerich=Martha Argerich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrike_Meinhof=Ulrike Meinhof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Sand=George Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Banderas=Antonio Banderas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Chifley=Ben Chifley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_DiCaprio=Leonardo DiCaprio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Sullivan=Louis Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Winslet=Kate Winslet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashikaga_Yoshiharu=Ashikaga Yoshiharu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hernando_de_Soto=Hernando de Soto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges-Eug%C3%A8ne_Haussmann=Barone Haussmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Manilius=Marco Manilio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehuda_Cresques=Jehuda Cresques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Collins=Joan Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Lafitte=Jean Lafitte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Blaine=David Blaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S%C3%A9bastien_Le_Prestre_de_Vauban=Sébastien Le Prestre de Vauban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Othmar_Ammann=Othmar Ammann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Law_Olmsted=Frederick Law Olmsted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val_Kilmer=Val Kilmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Condit=Gary Condit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goffredo_Mameli=Goffredo Mameli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costantino_Nivola=Costantino Nivola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cole_Porter=Cole Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Houdini=Harry Houdini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Burley_Griffin=Walter Burley Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Eug%C3%A8ne_Robert-Houdin=Jean Eugène Robert-Houdin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector_Berlioz=Hector Berlioz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inayat_Khan=Inayat Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanis%C5%82aw_Wojciechowski=Stanisław Wojciechowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Rostand=Edmond Rostand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Milland=Ray Milland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_Aylward=Gladys Aylward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Lee=Christopher Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Livingstone=David Livingstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majel_Barrett=Majel Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Nimoy=Leonard Nimoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methuselah=Matusalemme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Cox=Alex Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_Christensen=Hayden Christensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Niven=David Niven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ub_Iwerks=Ub Iwerks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucan=Marco Anneo Lucano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Connelly=Marc Connelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Loewe=Frederick Loewe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Rodgers=Mary Rodgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moss_Hart=Moss Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Len_Deighton=Len Deighton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olof_Palme=Olof Palme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Travolta=John Travolta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._L._Mencken=Henry Louis Mencken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_L._Jackson=Samuel L. Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Miner=Jay Miner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzio_Clementi=Muzio Clementi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Lessig=Lawrence Lessig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Tucker=Preston Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Murphy=Eddie Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyndon_B._Johnson=Lyndon B. Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Bakula=Scott Bakula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rennie_Mackintosh=Charles Rennie Mackintosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lysander=Lisandro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Arena=Tina Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sima_Guang=Sima Guang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Lloyd_Webber=Andrew Lloyd Webber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Turner=Nat Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whoopi_Goldberg=Whoopi Goldberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Nielsen=Leslie Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josquin_des_Prez=Josquin Desprez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Schaeffer=Pierre Schaeffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliette_Binoche=Juliette Binoche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Hejlsberg=Anders Hejlsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gedeon_Burkhard=Gedeon Burkhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Greenaway=Peter Greenaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertha_von_Suttner=Bertha von Suttner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Kelly=R. Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwen_Verdon=Gwen Verdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Quan=Sun Quan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millicent_Fawcett=Millicent Garrett Fawcett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Whittington=Richard Whittington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dole=Bob Dole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primo%C5%BE_Trubar=Primož Trubar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Fish=Stanley Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Cooper=Tommy Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukito_Kishiro=Yukito Kishiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Sinclair=Clive Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_of_Monmouth=Goffredo di Monmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Bridges=Jeff Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Stradivari=Antonio Stradivari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Bennett=Arnold Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Lynde=Paul Lynde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Gwynne=Fred Gwynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Calvi=Roberto Calvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licio_Gelli=Licio Gelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Jagger=Mick Jagger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yehudi_Menuhin=Yehudi Menuhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Reinhardt=Max Reinhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Orff=Carl Orff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franc_Miklo%C5%A1i%C4%8D=Franc Miklošič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Livingstone=Ian Livingstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobus_Gallus=Jacobus Gallus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Crane=Stephen Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Baruch=Bernard Baruch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_Llewelyn=Desmond Llewelyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitus_Bering=Vitus Jonassen Bering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Robinson=Tony Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Fleming=Ian Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herv%C3%A9_Villechaize=Hervé Villechaize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Atlasov=Vladimir Vasil'evič Atlasov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Fran%C3%A7ois_de_Galaup,_comte_de_Lap%C3%A9rouse=Jean-François de La Pérouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Boyle,_1st_Earl_of_Cork=Richard Boyle, I conte di Cork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Xaver_von_Baader=Franz von Baader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchill_Babington=Churchill Babington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois-No%C3%ABl_Babeuf=François-Noël Babeuf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacchylides=Bacchilide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baccio_D'Agnolo=Baccio d'Agnolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solon=Solone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Philipp_Emanuel_Bach=Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Billings=Joseph Billings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_brothers=Fratelli Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%A1nos_Bats%C3%A1nyi=János Batsányi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Bacon=Leonard Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bacon_(sculptor)=John Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Zunz=Leopold Zunz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jer%C3%B3nimo_Zurita_y_Castro=Jerónimo Zurita y Castro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Garland=Judy Garland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Marcius_Coriolanus=Gneo Marcio Coriolano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taddeo_Zuccari=Taddeo Zuccari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Zschokke=Johann Heinrich David Zschokke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bonanno=Joseph Bonanno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Howard=Ron Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oda_of_Haldensleben=Oda di Haldensleben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Bacon_(Lord_Keeper)=Nicholas Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asher_ben_Jehiel=Asher ben Jehiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gennady_Nevelskoy=Gennadij Ivanovič Nevel'skoj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widukind=Vitichindo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judas_Iscariot=Giuda Iscariota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widukind_of_Corvey=Vitichindo di Corvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liza_Minnelli=Liza Minnelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Brissaud=Pierre Brissaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladim%C3%ADr_Me%C4%8Diar=Vladimír Mečiar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Rutherford=Margaret Rutherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Keys=Alicia Keys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Davenport=Willie Davenport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamo_Wolde=Mamo Wolde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Scott=Peter Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Mawson=Douglas Mawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Shackleton=Ernest Shackleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Drouot=Antoine Drouot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Houston=Sam Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Barentsz=Willem Barents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_Ferrari=Enzo Ferrari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eastman=George Eastman (imprenditore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Smith=Kevin Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alanis_Morissette=Alanis Morissette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asanga=Asaṅga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candrak%C4%ABrti=Candrakīrti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Luc_Godard=Jean-Luc Godard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Leonowens=Anna Leonowens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannelore_Kohl=Hannelore Kohl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Davison=Emily Davison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Campra=André Campra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chancellor_of_Austria=Cancelliere federale dell'Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Pachelbel=Johann Pachelbel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sextus_Varius_Marcellus=Sesto Vario Marcello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mordecai_Richler=Mordecai Richler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_I,_Abbess_of_Quedlinburg=Agnese I di Quedlinburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatshepsut=Hatshepsut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_III_Euergetes=Tolomeo III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Baden-Powell,_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell=Robert Baden-Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Page=Larry Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Brin=Sergey Brin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerardus_Mercator=Gerardo Mercatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Peary=Robert Edwin Peary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Seale=Bobby Seale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Baskett=James Baskett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne-Louis_Boull%C3%A9e=Étienne-Louis Boullée
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Chevalier=Maurice Chevalier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistinguett=Mistinguett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Castellaneta=Dan Castellaneta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Steiger=Rod Steiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudette_Colbert=Claudette Colbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Shearer=Norma Shearer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._E._Waite=Arthur Edward Waite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvester_Stallone=Sylvester Stallone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Cartwright=Alexander Cartwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Braille=Louis Braille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Caine=Michael Caine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_I_of_Constantinople=Bartolomeo di Costantinopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gersonides=Levi ben Gershon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Laughton=Charles Laughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yul_Brynner=Yul Brynner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alistair_MacLeod=Alistair MacLeod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conon=Conone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophylact_of_Constantinople=Teofilatto Lecapeno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_I_of_Constantinople=Stefano I di Costantinopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Mystikos=Nicola I Mistico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Godr%C3%A8che=Judith Godrèche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Starr=Ken Starr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Redford=Robert Redford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Moulin=Jean Moulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Signoret=Simone Signoret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Robbins=Harold Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Burr=Raymond Burr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gore_Vidal=Gore Vidal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Paul_Marat=Jean-Paul Marat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theo_Angelopoulos=Theo Angelopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Bakr_bin_Yahya_al-Suli=Abu Bakr ibn Yahya al-Suli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Milestone=Lewis Milestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wyler=William Wyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Hecht=Ben Hecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Brooke=Rupert Brooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Walker_(runner)=John Walker (atleta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Napoleon_Bonaparte_II=Girolamo Napoleone Bonaparte II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepin_of_Landen=Pipino di Landen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merovech=Meroveo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theuderic_I=Teodorico I (Merovingi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theudebert_I=Teodeberto I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Lucien_Bonaparte=Luigi Luciano Bonaparte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Pfeiffer=Michelle Pfeiffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._P._J._Abdul_Kalam=Abdul Kalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_la_Cierva=Juan de la Cierva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Beatty=Warren Beatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Matthau=Walter Matthau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claus_von_Stauffenberg=Claus Schenk von Stauffenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Meese=Edwin Meese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsuguharu_Foujita=Tsuguharu Foujita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piet_Hein_(scientist)=Piet Hein (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piet_Pieterszoon_Hein=Piet Pieterszoon Hein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stiglitz=Joseph Stiglitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Kerr=Deborah Kerr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C4%81bir_ibn_Hayy%C4%81n=Jabir ibn Hayyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaslav_Nijinsky=Vaclav Fomič Nižinskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Pavlova=Anna Pavlovna Pavlova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Hamilton=Linda Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Quimby=Fred Quimby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Spassky=Boris Spasskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_O'Toole=Peter O'Toole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Lomonosov=Michail Vasil'evič Lomonosov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meryl_Streep=Meryl Streep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Turner=John Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Middleton=Thomas Middleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Fry=Stephen Fry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Tramiel=Jack Tramiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greta_Garbo=Greta Garbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Lancaster=Don Lancaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bette_Davis=Bette Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Fonda=Jane Fonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sissy_Spacek=Sissy Spacek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Rains=Claude Rains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greer_Garson=Greer Garson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredric_March=Fredric March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christian_G%C3%BCnther=Johann Christian Günther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lorre=Peter Lorre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Redgrave=Vanessa Redgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pompeu_Fabra=Pompeu Fabra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Strel=Martin Strel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Kilby=Jack St. Clair Kilby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liam_Neeson=Liam Neeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milo_of_Croton=Milone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Brueghel_the_Younger=Pieter Brueghel il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Brueghel_the_Elder=Jan Brueghel il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Brueghel_the_Younger=Jan Bruegel il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Stead=Christina Stead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joris-Karl_Huysmans=Joris-Karl Huysmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Britten=Benjamin Britten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Dmitriyevich_Novikov=Igor' Dmitrievič Novikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uriel_da_Costa=Uriel da Costa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_Rogers=Ginger Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulgence_Bienven%C3%BCe=Fulgence Bienvenüe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Willis=Bruce Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modest_Mussorgsky=Modest Petrovič Musorgskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alva_Myrdal=Alva Myrdal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doodles_Weaver=Doodles Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_the_Apostle=Bartolomeo (apostolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigourney_Weaver=Sigourney Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Astaire=Fred Astaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Callas=Maria Callas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dadd=Richard Dadd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanot_Martorell=Joanot Martorell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_Muntaner=Ramon Muntaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_V._Jensen=Johannes Vilhelm Jensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patty_Hearst=Patricia Campbell Hearst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Mahler=Gustav Mahler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hlothhere_of_Kent=Hlothhere del Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauricio_Kagel=Mauricio Kagel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Feydeau=Georges Feydeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Offenbach=Jacques Offenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Gould=Glenn Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_R._McCammon=Robert McCammon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Meredith=James Howard Meredith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Lipman=Maureen Lipman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Webern=Anton Webern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%93scar_Romero=Óscar Romero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bacque=James Bacque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Smith_Stevens=Stanley Smith Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qian_Zhongshu=Qian Zhongshu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Thompson_(comedian)=Dave Thompson (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Hersholt=Jean Hersholt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cage=John Cage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_P%C3%A9tain=Philippe Pétain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humbert_I,_Count_of_Savoy=Umberto I Biancamano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_F._Austin=Stephen Fuller Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronaldo=Ronaldo (disambigua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Verhoeven=Paul Verhoeven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Roubaud=Jacques Roubaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ami_Dolenz=Ami Dolenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Givens=Robin Givens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Pimsleur=Paul Pimsleur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauritz_Melchior=Lauritz Melchior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evel_Knievel=Evel Knievel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Boulez=Pierre Boulez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_H._O'Brien=Willis O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_Willette=Adolphe Willette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_J._Toynbee=Arnold J. Toynbee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artur_Schnabel=Artur Schnabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Francis_Burton=Richard Francis Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_van_Schooten=Frans van Schooten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudrun_Ensslin=Gudrun Ensslin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slim_Pickens=Slim Pickens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Barrymore=Lionel Barrymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Schoenberg=Arnold Schönberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Errol_Flynn=Errol Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soichiro_Honda=Sōichirō Honda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donovan_Bailey=Donovan Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Lewis=Carl Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Katz=Phil Katz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melchiorre_Murenu=Melchiorre Murenu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Gould=Chester Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Karloff=Boris Karloff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Burke_(athlete)=Thomas Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armin_Hary=Armin Hary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Jones=Jennifer Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_O._Selznick=David O. Selznick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ho_Chi_Minh=Ho Chi Minh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Liszt=Franz Liszt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Chestnut=Morris Chestnut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Goldstein=Baruch Goldstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_von_Hofmannsthal=Hugo von Hofmannsthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasely_Crawford=Hasely Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Strauss=Richard Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Robson=Flora Robson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wise=Robert Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ben-Gurion=David Ben Gurion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Lange=Jessica Lange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Nichols=Mike Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Caruso=Enrico Caruso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plautia_Urgulanilla=Plauzia Urgulanilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Scofield=Paul Scofield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Bizet=Georges Bizet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Vidor=King Vidor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Rossellini=Isabella Rossellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_W._Thompson=Richard Wigginton Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barrymore=John Barrymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Sheen=Martin Sheen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Benn=Gottfried Benn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Dillard=Harrison Dillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_and_Clyde=Bonnie e Clyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Towne=Robert Towne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Albertson=Jack Albertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Chavez=César Chávez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Sarandon=Susan Sarandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Jarvis=Frank Jarvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faye_Dunaway=Faye Dunaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Rathbone=Basil Rathbone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Nicole_Smith=Anna Nicole Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Shor=Peter Shor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Lalique=René Lalique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Pineau=Christian Pineau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Dahl=Sophie Dahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chick_Hearn=Chick Hearn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_B._Toklas=Alice Toklas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Lee_Curtis=Jamie Lee Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Curtis=Tony Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Morrow=Bobby Joe Morrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Verner=Karl Verner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herod_Agrippa_II=Erode Agrippa II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_McKern=Leo McKern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_I,_Count_of_Savoy=Amedeo I di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_I,_Count_of_Savoy=Oddone di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_I,_Count_of_Savoy=Pietro I di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_II,_Count_of_Savoy=Amedeo II di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humbert_II,_Count_of_Savoy=Umberto II di Savoia (conte)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_III,_Count_of_Savoy=Amedeo III di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humbert_III,_Count_of_Savoy=Umberto III di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_J._Fox=Michael J. Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas,_Count_of_Savoy=Tommaso I di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_IV,_Count_of_Savoy=Amedeo IV di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boniface,_Count_of_Savoy=Bonifacio di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K%C3%A1lm%C3%A1n_Kalocsay=Kálmán Kalocsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_II,_Count_of_Savoy=Pietro II di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindy_Remigino=Lindy Remigino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Timman=Jan Timman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiglath-Pileser_III=Tiglatpileser III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terah=Terach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sosthenes=Sostene da Corinto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_I,_Count_of_Savoy=Filippo I di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward,_Count_of_Savoy=Edoardo di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aymon,_Count_of_Savoy=Aimone di Savoia (1291-1343)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_V,_Count_of_Savoy=Amedeo V di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_VI,_Count_of_Savoy=Amedeo VI di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_VII,_Count_of_Savoy=Amedeo VII di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Paxman=Jeremy Paxman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Timberlake=Justin Timberlake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_of_Arezzo=Guido d'Arezzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scatman_Crothers=Scatman Crothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_IX,_Duke_of_Savoy=Amedeo IX di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philibert_I,_Duke_of_Savoy=Filiberto I di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis,_Duke_of_Savoy=Ludovico di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Duke_of_Savoy=Carlo I di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philibert_II,_Duke_of_Savoy=Filiberto II di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Francis,_Prince_of_Carignano=Tommaso Francesco di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III,_Duke_of_Savoy=Carlo II di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neriglissar=Neriglissar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necho_II=Necao II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esai_Morales=Esai Morales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selena=Selena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Balling=Erik Balling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillie_Langtry=Lillie Langtry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Friese-Greene=William Friese-Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Dingle=Herbert Dingle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dobson=William Dobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirk_Douglas=Kirk Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Taze_Russell=Charles Taze Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrik_Dam=Henrik Carl Peter Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansfried_of_Utrecht=Ansfrido di Utrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Silverstone=Alicia Silverstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_McCrea_(astronomer)=William Hunter McCrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Bail=Murray Bail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gracie_Allen=Gracie Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Burns=George Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Bournonville=August Bournonville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Mozart=Leopold Mozart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Marr=Wilhelm Marr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Harris=Frank Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Trollope=Anthony Trollope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Beaufort,_Countess_of_Richmond_and_Derby=Margaret Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Lindsay=Joan Lindsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Reynolds=Debbie Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrano_de_Bergerac=Savinien Cyrano de Bergerac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Joachim_Quantz=Johann Joachim Quantz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Banneker=Benjamin Banneker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cartier=Jacques Cartier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Stephens=Helen Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Rizzio=Davide Rizzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hepburn,_4th_Earl_of_Bothwell=James Hepburn, IV conte di Bothwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bess_of_Hardwick=Bess di Hardwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukas_Moodysson=Lukas Moodysson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_Montand=Yves Montand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Marshal,_1st_Earl_of_Pembroke=Guglielmo il Maresciallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Flynt=Larry Flynt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Duvalier=François Duvalier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Wright_(loyalist)=Billy Wright (terrorista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathuram_Godse=Nathuram Godse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Stewart=Patrick Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Valentine=Basilius Valentinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Fisher=Andrew Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Hochhuth=Rolf Hochhuth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burton_L._Mack=Burton Mack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyomia_Tyus=Wyomia Tyus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Fredericks=Frank Fredericks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Jacobs=Jane Jacobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Blake_Nelson=Tim Blake Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Fosse=Bob Fosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Philip_Holland=John Philip Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satyendra_Nath_Bose=Satyendranath Bose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Boone=Daniel Boone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marija_Gimbutas=Marija Gimbutas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Depp=Johnny Depp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Warren=Earl Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9s_Segovia=Andrés Segovia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Frobisher=Martin Frobisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Bov%C3%A9=José Bové
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lean=David Lean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wyatt_(poet)=Thomas Wyatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Seymour,_1st_Duke_of_Somerset=Edward Seymour, I duca di Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricimer=Ricimero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy_(Hotspur)=Henry Percy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbra_Streisand=Barbra Streisand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geert_Groote=Geert Groote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantijn_Huygens=Constantijn Huygens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do-Aklin=Gangnihessou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Fantin-Latour=Henri Fantin-Latour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Dumont_d'Urville=Jules Dumont d'Urville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renate_Stecher=Renate Stecher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Rampal=Jean-Pierre Rampal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_von_Wolkenstein=Oswald von Wolkenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Ashford=Evelyn Ashford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Alekhine=Aleksandr Aleksandrovič Alechin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Stevin=Simone Stevino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Griffith_Joyner=Florence Griffith-Joyner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_Devers=Gail Devers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_Roth=Claudia Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Westerwelle=Guido Westerwelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Mersenne=Marin Mersenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxo_Grammaticus=Saxo Grammaticus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Bashkirtseff=Marija Konstantinovna Baškirceva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Farman=Henri Farman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nelson_Darby=John Nelson Darby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Faur%C3%A9=Gabriel Fauré
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tex_Avery=Tex Avery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Benedict_X=Antipapa Benedetto X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shantideva=Śāntideva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Craig=Amanda Craig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr%C3%A9d%C3%A9ric_Auguste_Bartholdi=Auguste Bartholdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Nidal=Abu Nidal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_von_Ossietzky=Carl von Ossietzky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernandel=Fernandel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Comfort_Tiffany=Louis Comfort Tiffany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Hillary=Edmund Hillary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Night_Shyamalan=M. Night Shyamalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Reeve=Christopher Reeve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Julius_Gumbel=Emil Julius Gumbel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_Jurado=Katy Jurado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Wierzbicka=Anna Wierzbicka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Douglas,_9th_Marquess_of_Queensberry=John Sholto Douglas, IX marchese di Queensberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Sorbo=Kevin Sorbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Mattei=Enrico Mattei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantius_Chlorus=Costanzo Cloro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numerian=Numeriano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_the_Silent=Guglielmo I d'Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mason=James Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Dukakis=Michael Dukakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Lieberman=Joe Lieberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Moore=Michael Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Aurelius_Probus=Marco Aurelio Probo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galerius=Galerio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licinius=Licinio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentinian_III=Valentiniano III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gratian=Graziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentinian_I=Valentiniano I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentinian_II=Valentiniano II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Presper_Eckert=Presper Eckert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juba_II=Giuba II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drusilla_of_Mauretania_the_Elder=Drusilla di Mauretania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_de_Alvarado=Pedro de Alvarado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristarchus_of_Samos=Aristarco di Samo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marian_Anderson=Marian Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Eduard_Zachariae_von_Lingenthal=Karl Eduard Zachariae von Lingenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Nicolai_Madvig=Johan Nicolai Madvig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Gottlob_Zumpt=Karl Gottlob Zumpt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Zumpt=August Wilhelm Zumpt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berenice_(daughter_of_Herod_Agrippa)=Berenice di Cilicia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah=Geremia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esko_Aho=Esko Aho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majorian=Maggioriano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Louise_Damien=Damia (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Prin=Alice Prin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_Philadelphus_(son_of_Cleopatra)=Tolomeo Filadelfo (figlio di Marco Antonio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rat_Man=L'uomo dei topi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Ortolani=Leo Ortolani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronnie_Barker=Ronnie Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petra_Kelly=Petra Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Chr%C3%A9tien=Jean Chrétien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Jeunet=Jean-Pierre Jeunet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folke_Bernadotte=Folke Bernadotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raimo_Heino=Raimo Heino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Smith_(New_Zealand_actor)=Kevin Tod Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Dukas=Paul Dukas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servilius_Rullus=Publio Servilio Rullo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov=Nikolaj Andreevič Rimskij-Korsakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amilcare_Ponchielli=Amilcare Ponchielli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_II,_Duke_of_Brabant=Giovanni II di Brabante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_III,_Duke_of_Brabant=Giovanni III di Brabante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_I,_Duke_of_Brabant=Enrico I di Brabante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Fincke=Thomas Fincke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hanning_Speke=John Hanning Speke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Rich,_1st_Earl_of_Holland=Henry Rich, I conte di Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carloman_of_Bavaria=Carlomanno di Baviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Hobart=Rose Hobart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeForest_Kelley=DeForest Kelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Mendelssohn=Felix Mendelssohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Turtle=Piccola Tartaruga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_von_Sydow=Max von Sydow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Thompson_Seton=Ernest Thompson Seton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdo_MacKenzie=Murdo MacKenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roscoe_Arbuckle=Roscoe Arbuckle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton%C3%ADn_Dvo%C5%99%C3%A1k=Antonín Dvořák
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Osborne=Ted Osborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Kinney=Dick Kinney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beagle_Boys=Banda Bassotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Butler_Yeats=John Butler Yeats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bitzer=Billy Bitzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Petersen=Julius Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_B._Winslow=Jacob B. Winslow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_da_Verrazzano=Giovanni da Verrazzano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxentius=Massenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Varela=Francisco Varela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._A._Dupont=Ewald André Dupont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabir=Kabīr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V._Gordon_Childe=Vere Gordon Childe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brown_(abolitionist)=John Brown (attivista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodelinda=Teodolinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Wood=Natalie Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antinous=Antinoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicomedes_I_of_Bithynia=Nicomede I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus_the_Younger=Ciro il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearchus_of_Sparta=Clearco di Sparta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carloman_(mayor_of_the_palace)=Carlomanno (figlio di Carlo Martello)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Peck=Gregory Peck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_the_Simple=Carlo III di Francia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carinus=Carino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Mitnick=Kevin Mitnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Devereux,_3rd_Earl_of_Essex=Robert Devereux, III conte di Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milo_Burcham=Milo Burcham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Doohan=James Doohan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_von_Payer=Julius von Payer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masanobu_Fukuoka=Masanobu Fukuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Jacket=Giacca Blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Andrews=Julie Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archilochus=Archiloco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcman=Alcmane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simonides_of_Ceos=Simonide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didymus_Chalcenterus=Didimo Calcentero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibycus=Ibico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stobaeus=Giovanni Stobeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenobius=Zenobio (sofista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aulus_Gellius=Aulo Gellio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Cornelius_Fronto=Marco Cornelio Frontone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Howard,_Earl_of_Surrey=Henry Howard, conte di Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough=David Attenborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Douglas=Michael Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustace_II,_Count_of_Boulogne=Eustachio II di Boulogne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustace_III,_Count_of_Boulogne=Eustachio III di Boulogne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uma_Thurman=Uma Thurman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Barber=Samuel Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Keitel=Harvey Keitel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Arbella_Stuart=Arbella Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godigisel=Godigisel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Vaughan_Williams=Ralph Vaughan Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eunomius_of_Cyzicus=Eunomio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athalaric=Atalarico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orosius=Paolo Orosio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Handler=Lemony Snicket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscillian=Priscilliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephin_Merritt=Stephin Merritt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pindar=Pindaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilda_of_Flanders=Matilde di Fiandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sporus_of_Nicaea=Sporo di Nicea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hipponax=Ipponatte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Willie=John Willie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carloman_I=Carlomanno I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Cranach_the_Younger=Lucas Cranach il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Gabrieli=Giovanni Gabrieli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Miyamoto=Shigeru Miyamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diogenes_La%C3%ABrtius=Diogene Laerzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen,_Count_of_Blois=Stefano II di Blois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vandana_Shiva=Vandana Shiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Acheson=Dean Acheson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Foster_Dulles=John Foster Dulles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Ellsberg=Daniel Ellsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Haig=Alexander Haig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Martin=Graham Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Rusk=Dean Rusk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Clifford=Clark Clifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Tellegen=Lou Tellegen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hapgood=Charles Hapgood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Favorinus=Favorino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philostratus=Lucio Flavio Filostrato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._C._Jacobsen=Jacob Christian Jacobsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Bonham_Carter=Helena Bonham Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simplicius_of_Cilicia=Simplicio (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statius=Publio Papinio Stazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ausonius=Decimo Magno Ausonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stilicho=Stilicone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euric=Eurico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boleslaus_I,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Boleslao I di Boemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Nyman=Michael Nyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrence_Malick=Terrence Malick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Nair=Mira Nair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Scott=Terry Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Whitfield=June Whitfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cher=Cher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Marion=Francis Marion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Yassin=Ahmed Yassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmose_I=Ahmose I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Macmillan=Harold Macmillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epimenides=Epimenide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Mulgrew=Kate Mulgrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjo_Paterson=Banjo Paterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kerr_(governor-general)=John Kerr (governatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_d'Abano=Pietro d'Abano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hindemith=Paul Hindemith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrid_Kirchherr=Astrid Kirchherr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler=Alfred Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainer_Werner_Fassbinder=Rainer Werner Fassbinder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7oise_d'Eaubonne=Françoise d'Eaubonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympias=Olimpiade d'Epiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_G._Avildsen=John G. Avildsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Newcomen=Thomas Newcomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvil_Dewey=Melvil Dewey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenes=Tenete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qakare_Ibi=Kakaura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Turner=Tina Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellen=Elleno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc-Antoine_Charpentier=Marc-Antoine Charpentier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pears=Peter Pears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Dahl=Anders Dahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merneferre_Ay=Merneferra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._W._Murnau=Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelopidas=Pelopida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Benny=Jack Benny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philochorus=Filocoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippodamus_of_Miletus=Ippodamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Bennett=Alan Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Smith=Maggie Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_McCarey=Leo McCarey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_C._Scott=George C. Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lindbergh=Charles Lindbergh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neve_Campbell=Neve Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Mohr=Georg Mohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zalmoxis=Zalmoxis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Lubitsch=Ernst Lubitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sting_(musician)=Sting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Tertis=Lionel Tertis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Primrose=William Primrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Haney=Lee Haney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuo_Ishiguro=Kazuo Ishiguro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_R%C3%B6hm=Ernst Röhm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lea_DeLaria=Lea DeLaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Howard_(actor)=Leslie Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marozia=Marozia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyonc%C3%A9=Beyoncé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pythias=Pizia (figlia di Ermia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ettore_Bugatti=Ettore Bugatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_XIII_Theos_Philopator=Tolomeo XIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Howard_(British_actor)=Ronald Howard (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Tandy=Jessica Tandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demetrius_II_Aetolicus=Demetrio II Etolico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Martin=Ricky Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_IV_Philopator=Tolomeo IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_V_Epiphanes=Tolomeo V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_I_Soter=Tolomeo I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demetrius_II_Nicator=Demetrio II Nicatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seleucus_IV_Philopator=Seleuco IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herschel_Grynszpan=Herschel Grynszpan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Hardy=Oliver Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillermo_Gorostiza=Guillermo Gorostiza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neville_Brand=Neville Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seleucus_II_Callinicus=Seleuco II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perdiccas=Perdicca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_N._Mitchell=John Newton Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrigo_Boito=Arrigo Boito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Moritz_Arndt=Ernst Moritz Arndt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winsor_McCay=Winsor McCay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Birkin=Jane Birkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Seberg=Jean Seberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Batagelj=Vladimir Batagelj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Tschichold=Jan Tschichold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Nolte=Nick Nolte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Thorndike=Edward Lee Thorndike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Donat=Robert Donat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Ringwald=Molly Ringwald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Bellamy=Francis Bellamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramzi_bin_al-Shibh=Ramzi bin al-Shibh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyndi_Lauper=Cyndi Lauper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darius_Milhaud=Darius Milhaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Earhart=Amelia Earhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Arum=Bob Arum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judi_Dench=Judi Dench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilar_Montenegro=Pilar Montenegro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Mucius_Scaevola=Gaio Muzio Scevola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelard_of_Bath=Adelardo di Bath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knud_Jeppesen=Knud Jeppesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_(historian)=Marco Giuniano Giustino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorvald_Asvaldsson=Thorvald Asvaldsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_the_Red=Erik il Rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfdan_the_Black=Halfdan il Nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_S._Hershey=Milton S. Hershey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomeus_Anglicus=Bartolomeo Anglico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_Omar=Mohammed Omar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maelgwn_Gwynedd=Maelgwn ap Cadwallon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Montgomery=Tim Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Heartfield=John Heartfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Morecambe=Eric Morecambe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alger_Hiss=Alger Hiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosamund_Clifford=Rosamund Clifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Elen=Elen Lwyddog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadar_(photographer)=Nadar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Maybach=Wilhelm Maybach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Chrysler=Walter Chrysler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Korolev=Sergej Pavlovič Korolëv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kara_Mustafa_Pasha=Kara Mustafa Pascià
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Preston_(author)=John Preston (scrittore 1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Carrey=Jim Carrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winona_LaDuke=Winona LaDuke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emiliano_Zapata=Emiliano Zapata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Fox=Terry Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_ibn_Isa_al-Asturlabi=Ali ibn Isa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Deller=Alfred Deller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_MacMurray=Fred MacMurray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Cowell=Henry Cowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dieterich_Buxtehude=Dietrich Buxtehude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeVar_Burton=LeVar Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._H._Asquith=Herbert Henry Asquith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Amis=Martin Amis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudrun=Gudrun (mitologia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gounod=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Stafford,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham=Henry Stafford, II duca di Buckingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wil_Wheaton=Wil Wheaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Papon=Maurice Papon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary-Kate_and_Ashley_Olsen=Mary-Kate e Ashley Olsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Irving=David Irving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Mitchum=Robert Mitchum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Rooney=Mickey Rooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalmaneser_I=Salmanassar I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalmaneser_II=Salmanassar II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalmaneser_IV=Salmanassar IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conon_of_Samos=Conone di Samo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_de_Burgh,_1st_Earl_of_Kent=Hubert de Burgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Tey=Josephine Tey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Claudel=Camille Claudel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fiennes=Joseph Fiennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Frakes=Jonathan Frakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Mascheroni=Lorenzo Mascheroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Lorentz=Hendrik Lorentz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Chamberlain=Joseph Chamberlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Hiller=Wendy Hiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Cass=Peggy Cass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_de_Poitiers=Diana di Poitiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewster_Kahle=Brewster Kahle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_Toledo=Alejandro Toledo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Warner=Jack L. Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Morales=Mario Morales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cassidy=David Cassidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Bernhard=Sandra Bernhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Furtw%C3%A4ngler=Wilhelm Furtwängler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_de_Havilland=Olivia de Havilland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_L._Stimson=Henry Stimson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenio_Tavolara=Eugenio Tavolara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Corman=Roger Corman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Barbier=George Barbier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Vadim=Roger Vadim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Wittgenstein=Paul Wittgenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_D._Tompkins=Daniel D. Tompkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_M._Dallas=George M. Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Mentor_Johnson=Richard Mentor Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_R._King=William R. King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schuyler_Colfax=Schuyler Colfax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wilson=Henry Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_A._Wheeler=William Wheeler (politico 1819-1887)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_A._Hendricks=Thomas Hendricks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levi_P._Morton=Levi P. Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsa_Beskow=Elsa Beskow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Curtiz=Michael Curtiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredrika_Bremer=Fredrika Bremer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jussi_Bj%C3%B6rling=Jussi Björling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Feldman=Morton Feldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_Commines=Filippo de Commynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Tutin=Dorothy Tutin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Farrell=Mike Farrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Lumley=Joanna Lumley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Cernuda=Luis Cernuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerri_Green=Kerri Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Plimpton=Martha Plimpton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Antin=Steve Antin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Ramsey=Anne Ramsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Cohen_(actor)=Jeff Cohen (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Paton=Alan Paton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loretta_Swit=Loretta Swit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Rogers=Wayne Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Chablis=The Lady Chablis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akhenaten=Akhenaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Fleming=Andrew Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Resnais=Alain Resnais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Morphy=Paul Morphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Koch_(hacker)=Karl Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aratus=Arato di Soli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Stiller=Ben Stiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corey_Feldman=Corey Feldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshe_Dayan=Moshe Dayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Matsys=Quentin Massys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Candy=John Candy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois-Andr%C3%A9_Danican_Philidor=François-André Danican Philidor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thora_Hird=Thora Hird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debi_Mazar=Debi Mazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Ward=Colin Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Errico_Malatesta=Errico Malatesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilda_Radner=Gilda Radner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Bodrov,_Jr.=Sergej Sergeevič Bodrov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Ritchie=Guy Ritchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Nilsson=Christina Nilsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Cartman=Eric Cartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Clokey=Art Clokey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adlai_Stevenson_I=Adlai Stevenson I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Fairbanks=Charles W. Fairbanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_S._Sherman=James S. Sherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nance_Garner=John Nance Garner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Orellana=Francisco de Orellana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_G._Dawes=Charles Dawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_VII_Neos_Philopator=Tolomeo VII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_VI_Philometor=Tolomeo VI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seleucus_III_Ceraunus=Seleuco III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_Swank=Hilary Swank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_McGann=Paul McGann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hattie_McDaniel=Hattie McDaniel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Bakshi=Ralph Bakshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_Deif=Mohammed Deif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Hilton=Conrad Hilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Olav_Koss=Johann Olav Koss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGeorge_Bundy=McGeorge Bundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reese_Witherspoon=Reese Witherspoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucia_Pamela=Lucia Pamela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Hawthorne=Nigel Hawthorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delia_Bacon=Delia Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Branson=Richard Branson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arvo_P%C3%A4rt=Arvo Pärt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gates_McFadden=Gates McFadden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brent_Spiner=Brent Spiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevyn_Aucoin=Kevyn Aucoin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseanne_Barr=Roseanne Barr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilcar_Barca=Amilcare Barca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bessus=Besso (satrapo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagoas=Bagoas (Artaserse III)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Isambard_Brunel=Marc Isambard Brunel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Ride=Sally Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Walton=William Turner Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Grosseteste=Roberto Grossatesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Marsh=Adamo di Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Cunard=Samuel Cunard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikephoros_Kallistos_Xanthopoulos=Niceforo Callisto Xanthopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stirling_(mathematician)=James Stirling (matematico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Phillips=Leslie Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Greene=Richard Greene (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Norton=Graham Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Shepard=Matthew Shepard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Paisley=Ian Paisley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ato_Boldon=Ato Boldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hereward_the_Wake=Hereward il Fuorilegge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Fessenden=Reginald Fessenden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintilian=Marco Fabio Quintiliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callimachus=Callimaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_d'Estr%C3%A9es=Gabrielle d'Estrées
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tori_Spelling=Tori Spelling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Oph%C3%BCls=Max Ophüls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Bull=Gerald Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Ashley=Laura Ashley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Moulton_Marston=William Moulton Marston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Osbourne=Kelly Osbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bolt=Robert Bolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Lynn_Spears=Jamie Lynn Spears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Zinnemann=Fred Zinnemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Nielsen=Carl Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Jennings=Will Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anytus=Anito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prodicus=Prodico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Lee_Lewis=Jerry Lee Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdullah_%C3%96calan=Abdullah Öcalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristin_Kreuk=Kristin Kreuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Chikatilo=Andrej Romanovič Čikatilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ratzenberger=John Ratzenberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Monte_Young=La Monte Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Paltrow=Bruce Paltrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristoxenus=Aristosseno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theramenes=Teramene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Wright=Frances Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoko_Asahara=Shōkō Asahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Boyer=Charles Boyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_of_Carinthia=Ermanno di Carinzia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Harrison=Rex Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Durante=Jimmy Durante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axel_Olrik=Axel Olrik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Mancini=Domenico Mancini (religioso)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Cooper=Betty Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Rachmaninoff=Sergej Vasil'evič Rachmaninov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oduduwa=Odùduwà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleitarchus=Clitarco di Alessandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ephorus=Eforo di Cuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Isaac=Heinrich Isaac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Willibald_Gluck=Christoph Willibald Gluck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Kramnik=Vladimir Borisovič Kramnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Blass=Friedrich Blass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fox_Talbot=William Fox Talbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lander=David Lander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_McKean=Michael McKean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Elliott=Chris Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Kaufman=Andy Kaufman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Carson=Johnny Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Lenat=Douglas Lenat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Okrand=Marc Okrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Nash=Clarence Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_Garc%C3%ADa_Lorca=Federico García Lorca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gallup=George Gallup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypereides=Iperide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chespirito=Roberto Gómez Bolaños
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Zweig=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Herman=Jerry Herman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Merman=Ethel Merman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Cros=Charles Cros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Wilhelm_Siemens=Carl Wilhelm Siemens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3rd_Dalai_Lama=Sönam Gyatso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1st_Dalai_Lama=Gendün Drup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jef_Raskin=Jef Raskin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Kiepert=Heinrich Kiepert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denzel_Washington=Denzel Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jethro_Tull_(agriculturist)=Jethro Tull (agronomo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Shaffer=Paul Shaffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Hartman=Phil Hartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Oz=Frank Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bannister=Roger Bannister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rie_Mastenbroek=Rie Mastenbroek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuya_Mizuguchi=Tetsuya Mizuguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Lawson=Nigel Lawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Adjani=Isabelle Adjani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Ann_Quinlan=Karen Ann Quinlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_Vald%C3%A9s=Juan de Valdés
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Carnesecchi=Pietro Carnesecchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liev_Schreiber=Liev Schreiber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrian=Arriano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nearchus=Nearco (condottiero)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Branagh=Kenneth Branagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Furlan=Mira Furlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nella_Larsen=Nella Larsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_Erlendsson,_Earl_of_Orkney=Magnus Erlendsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice,_Prince_of_Orange=Maurizio di Nassau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Frost_(Chartist)=John Frost (cartista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Gainsbourg=Charlotte Gainsbourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._R._Narayanan=Kocheril Raman Narayanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joschka_Fischer=Joschka Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_O'Brian=Patrick O'Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Sirk=Douglas Sirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Vigeland=Gustav Vigeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curt_Sachs=Curt Sachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Hemings=Sally Hemings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Cleveland=Carol Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittoria_Colonna=Vittoria Colonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_West,_3rd_Baron_De_La_Warr=Thomas West, III barone De La Warr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Sowa=John F. Sowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hughes_(filmmaker)=John Hughes (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Rather=Dan Rather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bresson=Robert Bresson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinosuke_Gosho=Heinosuke Gosho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Chabrol=Claude Chabrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Louis-Dreyfus=Julia Louis-Dreyfus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Novello=Don Novello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Sandler=Adam Sandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Zmuda=Bob Zmuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Fey=Tina Fey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abigail_Adams=Abigail Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Effie_Gray=Effie Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lansing=Robert Lansing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Teena=Brandon Teena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Parsons_(rocket_engineer)=Jack Parsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laraine_Newman=Laraine Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Curtin=Jane Curtin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Carter_(boxer)=Jimmy Carter (pugile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrett_Morris=Garrett Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Murray=Bill Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Doyle-Murray=Brian Doyle-Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hogarth=William Hogarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Myers=Mike Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Streicher=Julius Streicher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Paul_Migne=Jacques Paul Migne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Stumpf_(writer)=Johannes Stumpf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Martyr_Vermigli=Pietro Martire Vermigli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Scheuchzer=Johann Jakob Scheuchzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Aldrich=Henry Aldrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Carissimi=Giacomo Carissimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Cavalli=Francesco Cavalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetto_Marcello=Benedetto Marcello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Rossi=Luigi Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Cesti=Antonio Cesti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Rosenbaum=Michael Rosenbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Morrissey=Paul Morrissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cavendish_(courtier)=William Cavendish (cortigiano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soleil_Moon_Frye=Soleil Moon Frye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Taylor_(novelist)=Elizabeth Taylor (scrittrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Abbott=George Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Spurgeon=Charles Spurgeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Smothers=Dick Smothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_DeVito=Danny DeVito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Wright=Steven Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Richards=Michael Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_von_Foerster=Heinz von Foerster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morgan=Henry Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Duby=Georges Duby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blayne_Weaver=Blayne Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Taylor=Christine Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Renoir=Jean Renoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Zukor=Adolph Zukor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Beck=Jeff Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Boyle=Danny Boyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Dodds=Johnny Dodds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Frank_Russell=Eric Frank Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_Lardner,_Jr.=Ring Lardner Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dred_Scott=Dred Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Wilson_Gibson=Wilfrid Wilson Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Sorley=Charles Sorley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Brown=Julie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D%C3%A9si_Bouterse=Dési Bouterse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Abbott=Bud Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Costello=Lou Costello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ericsson=John Ericsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chlothar_III=Clotario III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childebert_I=Childeberto I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childebert_II=Childeberto II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Bow=Clara Bow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Washington_Wiley=Harvey Washington Wiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Rapper=Irving Rapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Slonimsky=Nikolaj Leonidovič Slonimskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Jannings=Emil Jannings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Caballero=Steve Caballero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramiro_I_of_Aragon=Ramiro I d'Aragona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sancho_Ram%C3%ADrez=Sancho Ramírez d'Aragona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_I_of_Aragon_and_Navarre=Pietro I d'Aragona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Joinville=Jean de Joinville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Koch_(director)=Carl Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelis_de_Houtman=Cornelis de Houtman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Astin=Sean Astin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontius_Pilate=Ponzio Pilato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Griffith=Andy Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aphra_Behn=Aphra Behn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Kavner=Julie Kavner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Hayden=Pamela Hayden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tress_MacNeille=Tress MacNeille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Cartwright=Nancy Cartwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcia_Wallace=Marcia Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_Azaria=Hank Azaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo,_Earl_of_Kent=Oddone di Bayeux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Stern=Howard Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Prescott=William H. Prescott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Ferrer=José Ferrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_McCorvey=Norma McCorvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Tudor=Owen Tudor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_MacArthur=Charles MacArthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C%C3%A6dmon=Cædmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Howard,_1st_Duke_of_Norfolk=John Howard, I duca di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Euwe=Max Euwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Keel=Howard Keel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Holman_Hunt=William Holman Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinoba_Bhave=Vinoba Bhave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li-Chen_Wang=Li-Chen Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herostratus=Erostrato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Joseph_Rouget_de_Lisle=Claude Joseph Rouget de Lisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaufre_Rudel=Jaufré Rudel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matth%C3%A4us_Merian=Matthäus Merian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piers_Gaveston,_1st_Earl_of_Cornwall=Pietro Gaveston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Baker_Eddy=Mary Baker Eddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cavendish_(writer)=George Cavendish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatuey=Hatuey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cavendish=John Cavendish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_the_Great=Ugo il Grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Mitford=Jessica Mitford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unity_Mitford=Unity Mitford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Cavendish,_Duchess_of_Devonshire=Deborah Mitford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Mitford=Diana Mitford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Simpson=Jeffrey Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_B%C3%A1thory=Erzsébet Báthory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_Sawa=Devon Sawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adele_Astaire=Adele Astaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Cavendish,_Duchess_of_Newcastle-upon-Tyne=Margaret Cavendish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cavendish=Thomas Cavendish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Paxton=Joseph Paxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Epstein=Brian Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mal_Evans=Mal Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Aspinall=Neil Aspinall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Sutherland=Donald Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Greene_(actor)=Graham Greene (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Giles=Ernest Giles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Giamatti=Marcus Giamatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Giamatti=Paul Giamatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Soong=James Soong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Davis_(cartoonist)=Jim Davis (fumettista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gresham=Thomas Gresham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo%C5%A1_Jan%C3%A1%C4%8Dek=Leoš Janáček
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarojini_Naidu=Sarojini Naidu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Strauss_II=Johann Strauss (figlio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Strauss_I=Johann Strauss (padre)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Green=Adolph Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Comden=Betty Comden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Alex=Magic Alex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingvar_Kamprad=Ingvar Kamprad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Kruger=Paul Kruger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lal_Bahadur_Shastri=Lal Bahadur Shastri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasujir%C5%8D_Ozu=Yasujirō Ozu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zecharia_Sitchin=Zecharia Sitchin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Rogers=Fred Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Harris=Richard Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiro_Mifune=Toshirō Mifune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Hay=Harry Hay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Edward_Lloyd=John Edward Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Pakenham,_7th_Earl_of_Longford=Frank Pakenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Brendel=Alfred Brendel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Syme=Ronald Syme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bed%C5%99ich_Smetana=Bedřich Smetana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._J._P._Taylor=A. J. P. Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Trevor-Roper=Hugh Trevor-Roper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoff_Emerick=Geoff Emerick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Delp=Alfred Delp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agathias=Agazia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordian_III=Gordiano III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Zonaras=Giovanni Zonara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_MacDonald=Flora MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sviatoslav_Richter=Svjatoslav Teofilovič Richter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Helms=Richard Helms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Bergen=Edgar Bergen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Webb=Jack Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cai_Lun=Cai Lun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_Quay=Stephen e Timothy Quay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_de_Gobineau=Joseph Arthur de Gobineau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Layamon=Layamon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wace=Robert Wace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbie_Ross=Robert Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lilburne=John Lilburne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Finzi=Gerald Finzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Honegger=Arthur Honegger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantius_III=Costanzo III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Ryan_Evans=Josh Ryan Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_de_Goncourt=Edmond de Goncourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toussaint_Louverture=Toussaint Louverture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madonna_(entertainer)=Madonna (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niketas_Choniates=Niceta Coniata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Choniates=Michele Coniata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_James_Fox=Charles James Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Clarke=Marcus Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lon_Chaney,_Jr.=Lon Chaney Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan_Vidmar=Milan Vidmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fab_Five_Freddy=Fab 5 Freddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Gregorovius=Ferdinand Gregorovius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicephorus_Gregoras=Niceforo Gregorio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Sheldrake=Rupert Sheldrake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Metochites=Theodoros Metochite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Krumbacher=Karl Krumbacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Psellos=Michele Psello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimo_Troisi=Massimo Troisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gershom_ben_Judah=Gershom ben Judah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carausius=Carausio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allectus=Alletto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Bezos=Jeff Bezos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mos_Def=Mos Def
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Liu=Lucy Liu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Morgenstern=Christian Morgenstern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Stafford_Beer=Anthony Stafford Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Quiller_Orchardson=William Quiller Orchardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Brown_(bandleader)=Les Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Paris=Matteo Paris (monaco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Gosse=Edmund Gosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Caxton=William Caxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Marsh_(polymath)=Edward Marsh (traduttore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivien_Merchant=Vivien Merchant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Pachymeres=Giorgio Pachimere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Akropolites=Giorgio Acropolite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bancroft=George Bancroft (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Morris=Chester Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Baxter=Warner Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chi_Cheng_(athlete)=Chi Cheng (atleta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Stone=Lewis Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Danzi=Franz Danzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Colman=Ronald Colman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Beery=Wallace Beery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Tibbett=Lawrence Tibbett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Estrada=Erik Estrada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_George_Jackson=Frederick George Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Jacotot=Joseph Jacotot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Marie_Jacquard=Joseph-Marie Jacquard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Baffin=William Baffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Friedrich_Bahrdt=Karl Friedrich Bahrdt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nic%C3%A9phore_Ni%C3%A9pce=Joseph Nicéphore Niépce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Dantiscus=Jan Dantyszek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_James_Bailey=Philip James Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien_Baillet=Adrien Baillet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Baillie=Robert Baillie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Grizel_Baillie=Grizel Baillie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conlon_Nancarrow=Conlon Nancarrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Gleason=Jackie Gleason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nino_Rota=Nino Rota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Baini=Giuseppe Baini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Baiter=Johann Georg Baiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Friel=Brian Friel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synesius=Sinesio di Cirene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrianus_Turnebus=Adrianus Turnebus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Froissart=Jean Froissart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Baius=Michele Baio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Map=Walter Map
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Churchill,_Duchess_of_Marlborough=Sarah Churchill, duchessa di Marlborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Baker_(chronicler)=Richard Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeno_of_Elea=Zenone di Elea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Baker=Samuel Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_Ettrich=Matthias Ettrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Reed_(journalist)=John Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Quinn=Glenn Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramahansa_Yogananda=Paramahansa Yogananda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tam%C3%A1s_Bak%C3%B3cz=Tamás Bakócz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_Lascaris=Costantino Lascaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel-Fran%C3%A7ois_Villemain=Abel-François Villemain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Borodin=Aleksandr Porfir'evič Borodin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriano_Balbi=Adriano Balbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesare_Balbo=Cesare Balbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mily_Balakirev=Milij Alekseevič Balakirev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_ibn_Ezra=Abraham ibn ‛Ezra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C%C3%A9sar_Cui=Cezar' Antonovič Kjui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Ballin=Albert Ballin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_Baldi=Bernardino Baldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Balde=Jacob Balde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filippo_Baldinucci=Filippo Baldinucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_Raphael_Hirsch=Samson Raphael Hirsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Holdheim=Samuel Holdheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Liddell=Henry Liddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Liddell=Alice Liddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alesso_Baldovinetti=Alesso Baldovinetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baronet=Henry Creswicke Rawlinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._R._Haldeman=Harry Robbins Haldeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Horowitz=Vladimir Horowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Costner=Kevin Costner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sai_Baba_of_Shirdi=Shirdi Sai Baba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sathya_Sai_Baba=Sathya Sai Baba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Aguilera=Christina Aguilera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Allen=Steve Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Baker_(English_actor)=Kenny Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Farley=Chris Farley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Th%C3%A9r%C3%A8se_Petit=Alexis Thérèse Petit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Pryce=Jonathan Pryce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobus_Balduinus=Iacopo Baldovini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldus_de_Ubaldis=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Nicot=Jean Nicot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahya_ibn_Paquda=Bahya ibn Paquda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germaine_Tailleferre=Germaine Tailleferre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Ottoline_Morrell=Ottoline Morrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Auric=Georges Auric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klemens_von_Metternich=Klemens von Metternich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rae_(explorer)=John Rae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Parry=Hubert Parry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austen_Henry_Layard=Austen Henry Layard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Poulenc=Francis Poulenc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesses_III=Ramses III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Margheriti=Antonio Margheriti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Durey=Louis Durey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_P._Sloan=Alfred Sloan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Clarke=Harry Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domingo_Ugartechea=Domingo de Ugartechea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudian=Claudio Claudiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Cooper=Jackie Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_Menjou=Adolphe Menjou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Lunt=Alfred Lunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dix=Richard Dix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jovian_(emperor)=Gioviano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basiliscus=Basilisco (imperatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandy_Norwood=Brandy Norwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Haney=Carol Haney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_McQueen=Steve McQueen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Booth=Margaret Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Greenwood=Joan Greenwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glynis_Johns=Glynis Johns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mark_Baldwin=James Mark Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Rattle=Simon Rattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_of_Tarsus=Teodoro di Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeannette_Rankin=Jeannette Rankin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspar=Ardaburio Aspare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Morgan=Frank Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franchot_Tone=Franchot Tone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Huston=Walter Huston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gy%C3%B6rgy_Ligeti=György Ligeti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebroin=Ebroino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecgfrith_of_Northumbria=Egfrido di Northumbria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Huppert=Isabelle Huppert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Bathori=Jane Bathori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_of_Ripon=Stefano di Ripon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlene_Dietrich=Marlene Dietrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nichelle_Nichols=Nichelle Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Biden=Joe Biden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Shinoda=Mike Shinoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Massey=Raymond Massey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Woolley=Monty Woolley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Pidgeon=Walter Pidgeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Lukas=Paul Lukas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Knox=Alexander Knox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Fitzgerald=Barry Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Lamarck=Jean-Baptiste de Lamarck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Paul=Les Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Blier=Bertrand Blier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Blackmore=Susan Blackmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Fleming_(writer)=Peter Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Huxley_(writer)=Leonard Huxley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%86thelweard_(historian)=Etelverdo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratramnus=Ratramno di Corbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynewulf_of_Wessex=Cinevulfo del Wessex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ine_of_Wessex=Ine del Wessex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Losey=Joseph Losey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Brown=Margaret Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_William_Balfe=Michael William Balfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Legrand=Michel Legrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothea_Jordan=Dorothea Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Balfour=Arthur James Balfour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rennie_the_Elder=John Rennie il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Yared=Gabriel Yared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Baader=Andreas Baader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Crane=Bob Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danica_McKellar=Danica McKellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brook_Kerr=Brook Kerr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pilger=John Pilger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Kamen=Martin Kamen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristina_Lugn=Kristina Lugn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Err%C3%B3=Erró
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Hayman=Carole Hayman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coluche=Coluche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier_Messiaen=Olivier Messiaen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Ghazali=Al-Ghazali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_of_Worcester=Florence di Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianus_Scotus_of_Mainz=Mariano Scoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Stormare=Peter Stormare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Fouquet=Nicolas Fouquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leif_Erikson=Leif Erikson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Jewison=Norman Jewison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Oistrakh=David Fëdorovič Ojstrach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raquel_Welch=Raquel Welch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Simmons=Richard Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Milstein=Nathan Milstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Kennedy=Nigel Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Bax=Arnold Bax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Tippett=Michael Tippett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantin_Silvestri=Constantin Silvestri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_the_Apostle=Filippo (apostolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_Gbagbo=Laurent Gbagbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emlyn_Williams=Emlyn Williams (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Jeffreys,_1st_Baron_Jeffreys=George Jeffreys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Pelosi=Nancy Pelosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Touvier=Paul Touvier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Holden=William Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mervyn_LeRoy=Mervyn LeRoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_MacLaine=Shirley MacLaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Stevens=George Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aretha_Franklin=Aretha Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrna_Loy=Myrna Loy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudette_Colvin=Claudette Colvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudora_Welty=Eudora Welty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Castellano=Paul Castellano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Wolf=Hugo Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Forsyth=Bruce Forsyth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Boult=Adrian Boult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Meier=Sid Meier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Ansermet=Ernest Ansermet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaux_Hemingway=Margaux Hemingway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alastair_Sim=Alastair Sim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raphael_Holinshed=Raphael Holinshed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Z%C3%BCndel=Ernst Zündel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Rex=Simon Rex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Partch=Harry Partch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Pegg=Simon Pegg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hostilian=Ostiliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takehiko_Inoue=Takehiko Inoue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Oswald_(composer)=John Oswald (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Koza=John Koza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Clinton_(vice_president)=George Clinton (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Fish=Albert Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Gambino=Carlo Gambino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Gaye=Marvin Gaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Sackson=Sid Sackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Kovacevich=Stephen Kovacevich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Joan_Hart=Melissa Joan Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yury_of_Moscow=Jurij di Mosca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Walter=Bruno Walter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_I,_Margrave_of_Baden=Federico I di Baden-Baden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Fordun=Giovanni di Fordun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Beecham=Thomas Beecham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaime_Balmes=Jaime Balmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gravier,_comte_de_Vergennes=Charles Gravier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Ferdinand_Meyer=Conrad Ferdinand Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleman_Young=Coleman Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Luciano=Lucky Luciano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Pleasence=Donald Pleasence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Pierre_Baltard=Louis-Pierre Baltard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didius_Julianus=Didio Giuliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilhelm_Moberg=Vilhelm Moberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federica_Montseny=Federica Montseny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Balue=Jean Balue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne_Baluze=Étienne Baluze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Louis_Guez_de_Balzac=Jean-Louis Guez de Balzac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leif_Erickson_(actor)=Leif Erickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_II,_Holy_Roman_Emperor=Leopoldo II d'Asburgo-Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Latifah=Queen Latifah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodi_Fayed=Dodi Al-Fayed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_FitzAlan-Howard,_1st_Viscount_FitzAlan_of_Derwent=Edmund Fitzalan-Howard, I visconte FitzAlan di Derwent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Browning=John Browning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Coburn=James Coburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havergal_Brian=Havergal Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Bamberger=Ludwig Bamberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriano_Banchieri=Adriano Banchieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abba_Eban=Abba Eban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_ben_Ephraim_Karo=Joseph ben Ephraim Karo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigran_Petrosian=Tigran Petrosjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugsy_Siegel=Bugsy Siegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Watson=Emma Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothea_Dix=Dorothea Dix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nam_June_Paik=Nam June Paik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matteo_Bandello=Matteo Bandello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolommeo_Bandinelli=Baccio Bandinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farinelli=Farinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III_of_Spain=Carlo III di Spagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Leland_(antiquary)=John Leland (antiquario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buju_Banton=Buju Banton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beck=Beck (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Nelson=Willie Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Bracken=Eddie Bracken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornel_Wilde=Cornel Wilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Parks=Larry Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Garfield=John Garfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lew_Ayres=Lew Ayres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Redgrave=Michael Redgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_Clift=Montgomery Clift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lloyd_Garrison=William Lloyd Garrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barbirolli=John Barbirolli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constant_Lambert=Constant Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._K._Narayan=R. K. Narayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_P._Banks=Nathaniel Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winifred_Wagner=Winifred Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capability_Brown=Lancelot Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hargreaves=James Hargreaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axl_Rose=Axl Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nennius=Nennio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harpo_Marx=Harpo Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Suchet=David Suchet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Th%C3%A9odore_de_Banville=Théodore de Banville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyer_Lansky=Meyer Lansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Hynes=Jessica Hynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Barahona_de_Soto=Luis Barahona de Soto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermolao_Barbaro=Ermolao Barbaro il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Jean_Marie_Barbaroux=Charles Jean Marie Barbaroux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birger_Jarl=Birger Magnusson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Zeta-Jones=Catherine Zeta Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Barb%C3%A9-Marbois=François Barbé-Marbois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_II_of_Holland=Guglielmo II d'Olanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Delius=Frederick Delius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadeusz_Kantor=Tadeusz Kantor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Barbeyrac=Jean Barbeyrac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Auguste_Barbier=Auguste Barbier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Chippendale=Thomas Chippendale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelica_Kauffman=Angelika Kauffmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Laurie=Hugh Laurie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Staunton=Howard Staunton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Wilson_(Scottish_actor)=Richard Wilson (attore 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_van_Vollenhoven=Pieter van Vollenhoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Waite=Terry Waite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Dell=Michael Dell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cantinflas=Cantinflas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Cribbins=Bernard Cribbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_O'Connor=Des O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rory_Bremner=Rory Bremner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Waterton=Charles Waterton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smeaton=John Smeaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Ross=Jonathan Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Barbon=Nicholas Barbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziggy_Marley=Ziggy Marley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Barclay=Alexander Barclay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barbour_(poet)=John Barbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_II_of_Courtenay=Pietro II di Courtenay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Chongzhi=Zu Chongzhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_the_Kid=Billy the Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alia_Shawkat=Alia Shawkat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Price=Vincent Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Barclay_(jurist)=William Barclay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Bill=Buffalo Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baz_Luhrmann=Baz Luhrmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Addams=Jane Addams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Dare=Virginia Dare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mae_Whitman=Mae Whitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Brain=Dennis Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Ceva=Giovanni Ceva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Combs=Sean Combs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fludd=Robert Fludd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Gottfried_Bardili=Christoph Gottfried Bardili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferde_Grof%C3%A9=Ferde Grofé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ataulf=Ataulfo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazel_R._O'Leary=Hazel O'Leary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Vidal=Christina Vidal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Santos-Dumont=Alberto Santos-Dumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Philippe_Rameau=Jean-Philippe Rameau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buenaventura_Durruti=Buenaventura Durruti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Rubinstein=Anton Grigor'evič Rubinštejn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Perry=William Perry (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Herman=Alexis Herman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaine_Chao=Elaine Chao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Mineta=Norman Mineta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zsa_Zsa_Gabor=Zsa Zsa Gábor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvatore_Maranzano=Salvatore Maranzano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_Valance=Holly Valance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Gabor=Eva Gabor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severino_Antinori=Severino Antinori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Dae-jung=Kim Dae-jung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Lasswell=Harold Lasswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Simson=Robert Simson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Sawalha=Julia Sawalha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Horrocks=Jane Horrocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Loewe=Johann Carl Gottfried Loewe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wes_Craven=Wes Craven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Martin_(composer)=Frank Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Roebling=John Augustus Roebling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_Hinn=Benny Hinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apion=Apione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamphilus_of_Alexandria=Panfilo di Alessandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diogenianus=Diogeniano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigella_Lawson=Nigella Lawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Walsingham=Thomas Walsingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Beame=Abraham Beame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_the_Martyr=Edmondo dell'Anglia orientale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Radcliffe=Daniel Radcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Toscanini=Arturo Toscanini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Whitgift=John Whitgift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cartwright_(theologian)=Thomas Cartwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Grindal=Edmund Grindal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Parker=Matthew Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Bucer=Martin Bucer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mills=John Mills (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraint_of_Dumnonia=Gerren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Powell=Robert Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Salisbury=Giovanni Argiropulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Friedman=Nat Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammond_Innes=Hammond Innes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Xaver_Gruber=Franz Xaver Gruber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_S._Hart=Michael Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Griffith=Frederick Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Gere=Richard Gere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Wright_(game_designer)=Will Wright (informatico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crispus_Attucks=Crispus Attucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_Grayson=Kathryn Grayson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Dalton=Timothy Dalton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Jong-il=Kim Jong-il
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_R._Murrow=Edward R. Murrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Black=Karen Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Belafonte=Harry Belafonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romy_Schneider=Romy Schneider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Bloom=Leopold Bloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titian=Tiziano Vecellio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascin=Jules Pascin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Merton=Thomas Merton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Costello=Frank Costello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Perls=Fritz Perls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_H._Erickson=Milton Erickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Satir=Virginia Satir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Danton=Georges Jacques Danton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Di_Brandt=Di Brandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regino_of_Pr%C3%BCm=Regino di Prüm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Viardot=Pauline Viardot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton_Webb=Clifton Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broderick_Crawford=Broderick Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Dutroux=Marc Dutroux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Smith=Will Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Ross=Diana Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippolyte_Carnot=Lazare Hippolyte Carnot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sante_Geronimo_Caserio=Sante Caserio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_de_Vigny=Alfred de Vigny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaus_Harnoncourt=Nikolaus Harnoncourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Hughes=Billy Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristotle_Onassis=Aristotele Onassis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christy_Carlson_Romano=Christy Carlson Romano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Bliss=Arthur Bliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mstislav_Rostropovich=Mstislav Leopol'dovič Rostropovič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzysztof_Kie%C5%9Blowski=Krzysztof Kieślowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbigniew_Preisner=Zbigniew Preisner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Jarman=Derek Jarman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Walton=Sam Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glyn_Johns=Glyn Johns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Tournemire=Charles Tournemire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Durufl%C3%A9=Maurice Duruflé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Moyse=Marcel Moyse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Dupr%C3%A9=Marcel Dupré
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Paray=Paul Paray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Vierne=Louis Vierne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobo_Morales=Jacobo Morales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liutprand_of_Cremona=Liutprando di Cremona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Tait=Archibald Campbell Tait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groff_Conklin=Groff Conklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandford_Fleming=Sandford Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Bruch=Max Bruch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Burns=Ken Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thutmose_III=Thutmose III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Ashkenazy=Vladimir Davidovič Aškenazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Sch%C3%BCtz=Heinrich Schütz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Louis_Trintignant=Jean-Louis Trintignant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tillotson=John Tillotson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sancroft=William Sancroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ir%C3%A8ne_Jacob=Irène Jacob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaspar_Villiger=Kaspar Villiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Leuenberger=Moritz Leuenberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavio_Cotti=Flavio Cotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Dreifuss=Ruth Dreifuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Stich=Otto Stich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Koller=Arnold Koller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pascal_Delamuraz=Jean-Pascal Delamuraz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Schlumpf=Leon Schlumpf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Aubert=Pierre Aubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Felber=René Felber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Honegger=Fritz Honegger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_H%C3%BCrlimann=Hans Hürlimann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges-Andr%C3%A9_Chevallaz=Georges-André Chevallaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Graber=Pierre Graber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Brugger=Ernst Brugger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bonvin=Roger Bonvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nello_Celio=Nello Celio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Etter=Philipp Etter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_von_Moos=Ludwig von Moos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Deucher=Adolf Deucher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophron=Sofrone di Siracusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Schaffner=Hans Schaffner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Chaudet=Paul Chaudet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Holenstein=Thomas Holenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Petitpierre=Max Petitpierre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilios_Bessarion=Bessarione (cardinale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Schulthess=Edmund Schulthess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Schenk=Karl Schenk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Steenburgen=Mary Steenburgen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wilcoxon=Henry Wilcoxon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Laporte=Pierre Laporte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Delpy=Julie Delpy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Singleton=John Singleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Necker=Jacques Necker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Fishburne=Laurence Fishburne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume-Chr%C3%A9tien_de_Lamoignon_de_Malesherbes=Guillaume-Chrétien de Lamoignon de Malesherbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Kobelt=Karl Kobelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalaine=Lalaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_von_Steiger=Eduard von Steiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolphe_Rubattel=Rodolphe Rubattel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Streuli=Hans Streuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markus_Feldmann=Markus Feldmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Nobs=Ernst Nobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Celio=Enrico Celio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Hammer=Bernhard Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pym=John Pym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwayne_Johnson=Dwayne Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Tortelier=Paul Tortelier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Carmichael=Ian Carmichael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Welti=Emil Welti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Lech_Johansen=Jon Lech Johansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Deutscher=Isaac Deutscher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Taaffe_Zwilich=Ellen Taaffe Zwilich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgil_Thomson=Virgil Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Musy=Jean-Marie Musy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Traugott_Wahlen=Friedrich Traugott Wahlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Stampfli=Walther Stampfli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Starck=Philippe Starck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Wetter=Ernst Wetter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Pilet-Golaz=Marcel Edouard Pilet Golaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Haab=Robert Haab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahj_Mowry=Tahj Mowry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Boyer=Jean-Pierre Boyer (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_Ardant=Fanny Ardant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldo_Rivera=Geraldo Rivera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepin_Fetchit=Stepin Fetchit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Calhern=Louis Calhern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Kennedy_(actor)=Arthur Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Dumas,_fils=Alexandre Dumas (figlio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Sidney=Philip Sidney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Pardo=Don Pardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fonzie=Arthur Fonzarelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Lawson=Henry Lawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Forbes_Bonetta=Sara Bonetta Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Marc'Antonio_Baretti=Giuseppe Baretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Barlow=Joel Barlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_of_Trebizond=Giorgio di Trebisonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilkins=John Wilkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Iser=Wolfgang Iser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mieczys%C5%82aw_Kar%C5%82owicz=Mieczysław Karłowicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archidamus_II=Archidamo II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Harris=Rolf Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jugurtha=Giugurta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Sherman=Allan Sherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masinissa=Massinissa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_of_Aix=Alberto di Aquisgrana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_the_Hermit=Pietro l'eremita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_of_Bouillon=Goffredo di Buglione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guibert_of_Nogent=Guiberto di Nogent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prunella_Scales=Prunella Scales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_of_Poitiers=Raimondo di Poitiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_IV,_Count_of_Toulouse=Raimondo IV di Tolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemond_II_of_Antioch=Boemondo II d'Antiochia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemond_I_of_Antioch=Boemondo I d'Antiochia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_West=Samuel West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yao_Wenyuan=Yao Wenyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Hongwen=Wang Hongwen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_West=Timothy West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Briers=Richard Briers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Merrick=Joseph Merrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Fleming=Victor Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_I_of_Sicily=Ruggero I di Sicilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Guiscard=Roberto il Guiscardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tancred,_King_of_Sicily=Tancredi di Sicilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Tenison=Thomas Tenison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Florey=Robert Florey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Haydn=Michael Haydn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_of_Wendover=Ruggero di Wendover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Malmesbury=Guglielmo di Malmesbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symeon_of_Durham=Simeone di Durham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Barnave=Antoine Barnave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Barnby=Joseph Barnby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnabe_Barnes=Barnabe Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dee_Brown_(writer)=Dee Brown (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burl_Ives=Burl Ives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Barrie=Chris Barrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba_Gooding,_Jr.=Cuba Gooding Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haylie_Duff=Haylie Duff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joss_Whedon=Joss Whedon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bernays=Edward Bernays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Mosen=Julius Mosen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_King_(boxing_promoter)=Don King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iannis_Xenakis=Iannis Xenakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Albert_Fabricius=Johann Albert Fabricius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Babington_Macaulay,_1st_Baron_Macaulay=Thomas Babington Macaulay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Weisz=Rachel Weisz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Grint=Rupert Grint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Albert_Wells=George Albert Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Maudslay=Henry Maudslay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Beck=Julian Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Sampson=Will Sampson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pheidippides=Fidippide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ballard=Robert Ballard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Babbitt=Milton Babbitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph_Scott=Randolph Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Clooney=George Clooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Cosby=Bill Cosby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Andrews=Dana Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel-Henry_Kahnweiler=Daniel-Henry Kahnweiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Ant=Adam Ant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Holloway=Stanley Holloway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Windsor=Barbara Windsor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Dale=Jim Dale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Clark=Kenneth Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hattie_Jacques=Hattie Jacques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_Keith=Penelope Keith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Paul=Adrian Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damascius=Damascio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleda=Bleda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandra_Mussolini=Alessandra Mussolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Cayce=Edgar Cayce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Bisset=Jacqueline Bisset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Boreanaz=David Boreanaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Dickinson=Emily Dickinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charisma_Carpenter=Charisma Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Phoenix=River Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Denisof=Alexis Denisof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._August_Richards=J. August Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Birtwistle=Harrison Birtwistle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy_Jr.=John Fitzgerald Kennedy Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timaeus_(historian)=Timeo di Tauromenio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philistus=Filisto di Siracusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosamund_Pike=Rosamund Pike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hegesias_of_Magnesia=Egesia di Magnesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Norton=Edward Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoebe_Cates=Phoebe Cates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milla_Jovovich=Milla Jovovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Bogarde=Dirk Bogarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Affleck=Ben Affleck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Cushing=Peter Cushing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dreyfuss=Richard Dreyfuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewel_(singer)=Jewel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italo_Svevo=Italo Svevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pere_Bosch-Gimpera=Pere Bosch-Gimpera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Meyrink=Gustav Meyrink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Boyd_(actor)=Billy Boyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Darrow=Clarence Darrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smith_(Labour_Party_leader)=John Smith (politico 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Barnes_(martyr)=Robert Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_D._Linz=Alex D. Linz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Barnfield=Richard Barnfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Forbes=Michelle Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiero_II_of_Syracuse=Gerone II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicity_Kendal=Felicity Kendal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Klemperer=Otto Klemperer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_McDonnell=Patrick McDonnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredric_Wertham=Fredric Wertham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cate_Blanchett=Cate Blanchett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._T._Barnum=Phineas Taylor Barnum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timoleon=Timoleonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Numenius=Alessandro figlio di Numenio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionysius_I_of_Syracuse=Dionisio I di Siracusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Ortelius=Abramo Ortelio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mengistu_Haile_Mariam=Menghistu Hailé Mariàm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taharqa=Taharqa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Peddle=Chuck Peddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Rodr%C3%ADguez_Cabrillo=Juan Rodríguez Cabrillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Sickert=Walter Sickert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Lamberg=Adam Lamberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Bonet=Lisa Bonet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Krylov=Ivan Andreevič Krylov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Barrett=Wilson Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Beliavsky=Oleksandr Henrichovyč Beljavs'kyj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antiphanes_(comic_poet)=Antifane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menander=Menandro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Th%C3%A9odore_Barri%C3%A8re=Théodore Barrière
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Giulio_Barrili=Anton Giulio Barrili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Devine=Andy Devine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Rogers=Will Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Lawrie=Lee Lawrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Hunter=Kim Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikephoros_Bryennios_the_Younger=Niceforo Briennio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_of_Samosata=Paolo di Samosata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnaeus_Pompeius_Trogus=Pompeo Trogo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_L._Quezon=Manuel L. Quezón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_John_Barrow,_1st_Baronet=John Barrow (funzionario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stamford_Raffles=Thomas Stamford Raffles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyla_Pratt=Kyla Pratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Smiles=Samuel Smiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Barry=Elizabeth Barry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Thompson=Emma Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Barry_(painter)=James Barry (pittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Appleseed=Johnny Appleseed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gopal_Krishna_Gokhale=Gopal Krishna Gokhale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Bart=Jean Bart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barth%C3%A9lemy_Catherine_Joubert=Barthélemy Catherine Joubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Benenson=Peter Benenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Stone=Lucy Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Timms=Michele Timms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Nixon=Cynthia Nixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakanoue_no_Tamuramaro=Sakanoue no Tamuramaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Duvall=Robert Duvall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Hope=Bob Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Crowley=Bob Crowley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Baker=Tom Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antimachus=Antimaco di Colofone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Bergk=Theodor Bergk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Carey_le_Pelley=Pierre Carey le Pelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_O'Herlihy=Dan O'Herlihy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_le_Pelley=Ernest le Pelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_le_Pelley_II=Pierre le Pelley II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_le_Pelley_I=Pierre le Pelley I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_le_Pelley=Daniel le Pelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_le_Pelley=Nicolas le Pelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanne_le_Pelley=Susanne le Pelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Johnson,_8th_Seigneur_of_Sark=John Johnson (signore di Sark)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Charles_Carteret,_3rd_Baronet=Charles de Carteret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phocylides=Focilide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Borgnine=Ernest Borgnine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theognis_of_Megara=Teognide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimnermus=Mimnermo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Hudson=Rock Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_Carteret_II=Philippe de Carteret II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Philip_Carteret,_1st_Baronet=Philippe de Carteret III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Philip_Carteret,_2nd_Baronet=Philippe de Carteret IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_Carteret_I=Philippe de Carteret I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Franciosa=Anthony Franciosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Ashley=Maurice Ashley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasser_Seirawan=Yasser Seirawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Howard=Trevor Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Whitman=Stuart Whitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Kleiber=Erich Kleiber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Harvey=Laurence Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_Schell=Maximilian Schell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Kleiber=Carlos Kleiber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aryeh_Kaplan=Aryeh Kaplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_II_Zabinas=Alessandro II Zabina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsa_Lanchester=Elsa Lanchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Keyhoe=Donald Keyhoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epiphanius_of_Constantinople=Epifanio di Costantinopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcello_Mastroianni=Marcello Mastroianni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Czerny=Carl Czerny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Werner=Oskar Werner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Ritts=Herb Ritts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Robertson=Cliff Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Arkin=Alan Arkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Moody=Ron Moody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Bates=Alan Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Peri=Jacopo Peri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvyn_Douglas=Melvyn Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_O'Neal=Ryan O'Neal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Vigo=Jean Vigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrtaeus=Tirteo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arne=Thomas Arne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Preller=Ludwig Preller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Ritter=Heinrich Ritter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexippus=Publio Erennio Dessippo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Gottlieb_Welcker=Friedrich Gottlieb Welcker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Roy_Hill=George Roy Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodie_Sweetin=Jodie Sweetin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fitzhamon=Robert Fitzhamon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert,_1st_Earl_of_Gloucester=Robert di Gloucester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cowper=William Cowper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Thompson=Francis Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedediah_Smith=Jedediah Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Leroux=Gaston Leroux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_August_Wolf=Friedrich August Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Immanuel_Bekker=August Immanuel Bekker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottlob_Heyne=Christian Gottlob Heyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chariton=Caritone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Smith=Samantha Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Bullinger=Heinrich Bullinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lelio_Sozzini=Lelio Sozzini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vigd%C3%ADs_Finnbogad%C3%B3ttir=Vigdís Finnbogadóttir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christoph_Pepusch=Johann Christoph Pepusch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul-Henri_Spaak=Paul-Henri Spaak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sol_Plaatje=Sol Plaatje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Brinsley_Sheridan=Richard Brinsley Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_van_Zeeland=Paul van Zeeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilkes=John Wilkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewan_MacColl=Ewan MacColl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Slocum=Joshua Slocum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_Adams=Neal Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_De_Quincey=Thomas de Quincey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Norris=Chuck Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_X,_Duke_of_Bavaria=Enrico X di Baviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Capa=Robert Capa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brassa%C3%AF=Brassaï
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Riboud=Marc Riboud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascal_Couchepin=Pascal Couchepin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Frederick_Wallet_DesBarres=Joseph Frederick Wallet Desbarres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauryn_Hill=Lauryn Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Harmel=Pierre Harmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stamos=John Stamos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Littlewood=Joan Littlewood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celia_Johnson=Celia Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Daumal=René Daumal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dina_Merrill=Dina Merrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Russell=Ken Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aamir_Khan=Aamir Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Richardson=Ralph Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Bush=Barbara Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Sans_Avoir=Gautier Sans-Avoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menachem_Mendel_Schneerson=Menachem Mendel Schneerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Reed=Carol Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Conner=Dennis Conner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almon_Brown_Strowger=Almon Strowger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Dean_Stanton=Harry Dean Stanton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smith_(explorer)=John Smith di Jamestown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Winthrop=John Winthrop il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Eisner=Michael Eisner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Haushofer=Karl Haushofer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobey_Maguire=Tobey Maguire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Hunt=Bonnie Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Mann=Heinrich Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Trujillo=Rafael Leónidas Trujillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Shaffer=Peter Shaffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Christie=Julie Christie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Courtenay=Tom Courtenay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Crawford=Michael Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Le_Mesurier=John Le Mesurier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_Thea=Cleopatra Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Keeler=Christine Keeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Hobson=Valerie Hobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Winfield=Paul Winfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Bart=Lionel Bart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Carney=Art Carney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiyuki_Tomino=Yoshiyuki Tomino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giancarlo_Giannini=Giancarlo Giannini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Whitmore=James Whitmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Wesley=Mary Wesley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_T._Scopes=John Scopes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Monteux=Pierre Monteux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerri_Strug=Kerri Strug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Isaac_Kook=Abraham Isaac Kook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roddy_McDowall=Roddy McDowall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servius_Sulpicius_Rufus=Servio Sulpicio Rufo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Firmicus_Maternus=Giulio Firmico Materno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Gambon=Michael Gambon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Bursian=Conrad Bursian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Sannazaro=Jacopo Sannazaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Solti=Georg Solti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Addison=Joseph Addison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Addington_Symonds=John Addington Symonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldus_Manutius=Aldo Manuzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Linacre=Thomas Linacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Grocyn=William Grocyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Steele=Richard Steele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_du_Bellay=Jean du Bellay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Daurat=Jean Dorat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne_Jodelle=Étienne Jodelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommaso_Campanella=Tommaso Campanella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_de_l'H%C3%B4pital=Michel de l'Hôspital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lilly=William Lilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cl%C3%A9ment_Marot=Clément Marot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guarino_da_Verona=Guarino Veronese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Chrysoloras=Manuele Crisolora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurizio_Costanzo=Maurizio Costanzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Luca_Cavalli-Sforza=Luigi Luca Cavalli-Sforza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elijah_Wood=Elijah Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viggo_Mortensen=Viggo Mortensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Hill=Bernard Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Blow=John Blow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Hawke=Ethan Hawke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brutus_of_Troy=Bruto di Troia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerius_Maximus=Valerio Massimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Garrick=David Garrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hordern=Michael Hordern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Hoskins=Bob Hoskins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonnus=Nonno di Panopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Passow=Franz Passow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callisthenes=Callistene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Earle_(bishop)=John Earle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Blomstedt=Herbert Blomstedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Scheider=Roy Scheider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Herrmann=Bernard Herrmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Dickson_White=Andrew Dickson White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Stokowski=Leopold Stokowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hurt=John Hurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Sumarokov=Aleksandr Petrovič Sumarokov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Douglas_Wiggin=Kate Douglas Wiggin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giselle_Blondet=Giselle Blondet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Erich_Raspe=Rudolf Erich Raspe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_Joseph=Capo Giuseppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Rattigan=Terence Rattigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_B._Soloveitchik=Joseph Soloveitchik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Raffarin=Jean-Pierre Raffarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Merriweather_Post=Marjorie Merriweather Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Fuller=Thomas Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izaak_Walton=Izaak Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Overbury=Thomas Overbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_de_Rabutin,_Comte_de_Bussy=Roger de Bussy-Rabutin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_de_Benserade=Isaac de Benserade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Voiture=Vincent Voiture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Pellisson=Paul Pellisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(astronomer)=William Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Katharine_Green=Anna Katharine Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Curtis=Dan Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gale_Storm=Gale Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Baker=Colin Baker (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ealhmund_of_Kent=Ealhmund del Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_E._Disney=Roy E. Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Boileau-Despr%C3%A9aux=Nicolas Boileau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_de_Malherbe=François de Malherbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Quinault=Philippe Quinault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Burke_(boxer)=James Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Raab=Julius Raab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellin_de_Saint-Gelais=Mellin de Saint-Gelais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne_Dolet=Étienne Dolet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfram_von_Eschenbach=Wolfram von Eschenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Rose_Ben%C3%A9t=William Rose Benét
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avril_Lavigne=Avril Lavigne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Caesar_Scaliger=Giulio Cesare Scaligero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muretus=Marc-Antoine Muret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Lansbury=Angela Lansbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Justus_Scaliger=Giuseppe Giusto Scaligero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Karol_Chodkiewicz=Jan Karol Chodkiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Daniel_Huet=Pierre-Daniel Huet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Desmarets=Jean Desmarets de Saint-Sorlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentin_Conrart=Valentin Conrart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mateo_Alem%C3%A1n=Mateo Alemán
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Barraqu%C3%A9=Jean Barraqué
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Christophe_Mitterrand=Jean-Christophe Mitterrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt=Cornelius Vanderbilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cujas=Jacques Cujas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_S%C3%A9guier=Pierre Séguier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brett_Ratner=Brett Ratner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Yates=Frank Yates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_Pomus=Doc Pomus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sly_Stone=Sly Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Gephardt=Dick Gephardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Osbourne=Sharon Osbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuxi=Fu Xi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Jordan=Louis Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Rosegger=Peter Rosegger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hasselhoff=David Hasselhoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_I_of_Austria=Ferdinando I d'Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Hall=Conrad L. Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Corneille=Thomas Corneille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontus_de_Tyard=Pontus de Tyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ward_Beecher=Henry Ward Beecher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Sc%C3%A8ve=Maurice Scève
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne_Pasquier=Étienne Pasquier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginie_Ledoyen=Virginie Ledoyen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Kahn=Herman Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Arshinov=Pëtr Andreevič Aršinov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_Hans_Heinrich_Thyssen-Bornemisza=Hans Heinrich Thyssen-Bornemisza de Kászon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Shengtan=Jin Shengtan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Davis=Clive Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Naud%C3%A9=Gabriel Naudé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dietrich_of_Nieheim=Teodorico di Nieheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Kardec=Allan Kardec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Crumb=George Crumb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Freed=Alan Freed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Chess=Leonard Chess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Weiner=Jonathan Weiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feng-hsiung_Hsu=Feng-hsiung Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Adams=Ryan Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brittany_Murphy=Brittany Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry_Anderson=Gerry Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_McCarthy=Eugene McCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dudley,_1st_Duke_of_Northumberland=John Dudley, I duca di Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Damon=Matt Damon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athenaeus=Ateneo di Naucrati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgi_Markov=Georgi Markov (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Francis=Connie Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Muniz=Frankie Muniz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_de_Musset=Alfred de Musset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Jones=Jerry Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Guildford_Dudley=Guilford Dudley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hardy=Robert Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Powell=Michael Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Brokaw=Tom Brokaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Cronkite=Walter Cronkite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabian_Forte=Fabian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lefty_Grove=Lefty Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Hamnett=Nina Hamnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Stoddart=Paul Stoddart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Perkins=Anthony Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svend_Aage_Madsen=Sven Åge Madsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Wing_Pinero=Arthur Wing Pinero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_Cooper=Gladys Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sal_Mineo=Sal Mineo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Laurens=Henri Laurens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Caroline_Lamb=Caroline Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Walken=Christopher Walken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwen_Stefani=Gwen Stefani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Bourdelle=Émile-Antoine Bourdelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Steinitz=Wilhelm Steinitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Wolfskehl=Karl Wolfskehl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gielgud=John Gielgud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Si%C3%A2n_Phillips=Siân Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Korda=Alexander Korda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Ustinov=Peter Ustinov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksis_Kivi=Aleksis Kivi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Jacobi=Derek Jacobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_I_Philadelphus=Filippo I Filadelfo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_Kristofferson=Kris Kristofferson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Gibb=Maurice Gibb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Blavatsky=Helena Blavatsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Threlkeld_Cox=Richard Threlkeld Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yitzhak_Shamir=Yitzhak Shamir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Hall=Theodore Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Fischer=Edwin Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isocrates=Isocrate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_II_Philoromaeus=Filippo II Filoromeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canibus=Canibus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denholm_Elliott=Denholm Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Carson,_Baron_Carson=Edward Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Pialat=Maurice Pialat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermanno_Wolf-Ferrari=Ermanno Wolf-Ferrari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Cagliostro=Cagliostro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seleucus_V_Philometor=Seleuco V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.D.=Hilda Doolittle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Kingsley=Ben Kingsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Quidde=Ludwig Quidde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Conti=Tom Conti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._Murray_Abraham=F. Murray Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Hulce=Tom Hulce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hurt=William Hurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Waterston=Sam Waterston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Garner=James Garner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Woods=James Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodney_King=Rodney King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulina_Rubio=Paulina Rubio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliot_Ness=Eliot Ness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ellery_Channing=William Ellery Channing (teologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Lynn=Jonathan Lynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_Wood=Beatrice Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Douglas_Dillon=C. Douglas Dillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Buchanan=Pat Buchanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Frick=Wilhelm Frick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Deere_(inventor)=John Deere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Bu%C3%B1uel=Luis Buñuel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Flavius_Vegetius_Renatus=Publio Vegezio Renato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Walters=Julie Walters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charo=Charo (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Schiavelli=Vincent Schiavelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lloyd_(producer)=John Hardress Wilfred Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Delbr%C3%BCck=Max Delbrück
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontinus=Sesto Giulio Frontino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovannino_Guareschi=Giovannino Guareschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Barry_(surgeon)=James Miranda Barry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vance_Packard=Vance Packard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Guggenheim=Peggy Guggenheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Ray_Cyrus=Billy Ray Cyrus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico_Marx=Chico Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham-Louis_Breguet=Abraham-Louis Breguet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Aaronsohn=Sarah Aaronsohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Williams_(actor)=Michael Williams (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Haarmann=Fritz Haarmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Kudrow=Lisa Kudrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand-Fran%C3%A7ois_Mah%C3%A9_de_La_Bourdonnais=Bertrand-François Mahé de La Bourdonnais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Schwimmer=David Schwimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Guggenheim=Benjamin Guggenheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_van_Gulik=Robert van Gulik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Ra%C3%BAl_Capablanca=José Raúl Capablanca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Firth=Colin Firth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Price=Dennis Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Graham=Heather Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Le_Maire=Jacob Le Maire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Villon=Jacques Villon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Dey=Susan Dey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Jones=Shirley Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Bonaduce=Danny Bonaduce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Braose,_4th_Lord_of_Bramber=Guglielmo de Braose, IV signore di Bramber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Braose_(died_1230)=Guglielmo di Braose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarkko_Oikarinen=Jarkko Oikarinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Barris=Chuck Barris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Winnemucca=Sarah Winnemucca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cale=John Cale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Miles=Sarah Miles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Grant=Hugh Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Callow=Simon Callow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Yates=Paula Yates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Brett=Jeremy Brett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Bagehot=Walter Bagehot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Wood_(sound_editor)=Matthew Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chr%C3%A9tien_de_Troyes=Chrétien de Troyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Weaving=Hugo Weaving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_James_Olmos=Edward James Olmos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Finch=Peter Finch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedy_Lamarr=Hedy Lamarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Day-Lewis=Daniel Day-Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Durang=Christopher Durang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Shepard=Sam Shepard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilson=August Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Thalberg=Irving Thalberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Downey,_Jr.=Robert Downey Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Crenna=Richard Crenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Rea=Stephen Rea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leelee_Sobieski=Leelee Sobieski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esau=Esaù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Amos_Comenius=Comenio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Holm=Ian Holm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilmot,_2nd_Earl_of_Rochester=John Wilmot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Crotti=Jean Crotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Beltram=Joey Beltram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crantor=Crantore (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_van_Riebeeck=Jan van Riebeeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Auerbach=Frank Auerbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Prejean=Helen Prejean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Rush=Geoffrey Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Fiennes=Ralph Fiennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woody_Harrelson=Woody Harrelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Fonda=Peter Fonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menachem_Mendel_Schneersohn=Menachem Mendel Schneersohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shneur_Zalman_of_Liadi=Shneur Zalman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shmuel_Schneersohn=Shmuel Schneersohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yosef_Yitzchak_Schneersohn=Yosef Yitzchok Schneersohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Farnsworth=Richard Farnsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Javier_Bardem=Javier Bardem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Harris=Ed Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Wright=Judith Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Wilkinson=Tom Wilkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minamoto_no_Yoshinaka=Minamoto no Yoshinaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Seaton=George Seaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raoul_Wallenberg=Raoul Wallenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menedemus=Menedemo di Eretria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heraclides_Ponticus=Eraclide Pontico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Zeller=Eduard Zeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Rey_(politician)=Jean Rey (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Arrau=Claudio Arrau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McPhee=John McPhee (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Dresser=Louise Dresser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Chatterton=Ruth Chatterton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Swanson=Gloria Swanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Scullin=James Scullin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Compson=Betty Compson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Eagels=Jeanne Eagels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corinne_Griffith=Corinne Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Vogel=Julius Vogel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Hardwicke=Edward Hardwicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sienna_Guillory=Sienna Guillory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Ellison=Larry Ellison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaspar_Hauser=Kaspar Hauser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Buridan=Giovanni Buridano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Valenti=Jack Valenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Bonnot=Jules Bonnot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_Funk=Walther Funk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Luce=Henry Robinson Luce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Tieck=Ludwig Tieck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zolt%C3%A1n_Kod%C3%A1ly=Zoltán Kodály
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayard_Rustin=Bayard Rustin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joannes=Giovanni Primicerio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_DeLorean=John DeLorean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wilde=William Wilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mae_West=Mae West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erykah_Badu=Erykah Badu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arno_Schmidt=Arno Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dov_Ber_of_Mezeritch=Dovber di Mezeritch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darren_Aronofsky=Darren Aronofsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_de_Unamuno=Miguel de Unamuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anselm_of_Laon=Anselmo di Laon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bruce,_7th_Earl_of_Elgin=Thomas Bruce, VII conte di Elgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedric_Hardwicke=Cedric Hardwicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nell_Carter=Nell Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Vane_the_Younger=Henry Vane il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Lear=Norman Lear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_McQuarrie=Christopher McQuarrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Morrow_Lindbergh=Anne Morrow Lindbergh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Knauss=Sarah Knauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Fricke=Ron Fricke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_in_Islam=Gesù nell'islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianni_Agnelli=Gianni Agnelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernie_Pyle=Ernie Pyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_G._Robinson=Edward G. Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Osborne,_Duchess_of_Leeds=Mary Godolphin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einar_Benediktsson=Einar Benediktsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Holcroft=Thomas Holcroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Taylor=Jeremy Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_Wilton=Penelope Wilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohuslav_Martin%C5%AF=Bohuslav Martinů
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Massey_(actor)=Daniel Massey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Amaya=Carmen Amaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuroda_Kiyotaka=Kuroda Kiyotaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsukata_Masayoshi=Matsukata Masayoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hara_Takashi=Hara Takashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takahashi_Korekiyo=Takahashi Korekiyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osachi_Hamaguchi=Osachi Hamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakuei_Tanaka=Kakuei Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaitanya_Mahaprabhu=Caitanya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Jackson_(pianist)=Tony Jackson (musicista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Warner_(actor)=David Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Layton=Jack Layton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Paul_Getty=Jean Paul Getty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Janet=Paul Janet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Adams_(mutineer)=John Adams (marinaio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Cousin=Victor Cousin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harald_H%C3%B8ffding=Harald Høffding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Paul_Royer-Collard=Pierre-Paul Royer-Collard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dugald_Stewart=Dugald Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_Mendelssohn=Fanny Mendelssohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Moore=Roger Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Locklear=Heather Locklear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeriy_Brumel=Valerij Brumel'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Mannheim=Karl Mannheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Carroll=Nancy Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Farabi=Al-Farabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bessie_Love=Bessie Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sondre_Norheim=Sondre Norheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Denikin=Anton Ivanovič Denikin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Wilder=Douglas Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Thomas_Fran%C3%A7ois_Raynal=Guillaume-Thomas François Raynal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Malkovich=John Malkovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iva_Toguri_D'Aquino=Iva Toguri D'Aquino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medgar_Evers=Medgar Evers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Campbell=Malcolm Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xanthippe=Santippe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Durrell=Gerald Durrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merle_Oberon=Merle Oberon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Rennie=Michael Rennie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%A1szl%C3%B3_Moholy-Nagy=László Moholy-Nagy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arbuthnot=John Arbuthnot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Knott=Walter Knott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Kramer=Heinrich Kramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Sprenger=Jacob Sprenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gower=John Gower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Younger,_4th_Viscount_Younger_of_Leckie=George Younger, IV visconte Younger di Leckie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Ely=Ron Ely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Veit=Philipp Veit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judah_Loew_ben_Bezalel=Judah Loew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bram_Moolenaar=Bram Moolenaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Friedman=Thomas Lauren Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athina_Onassis_Roussel=Athina Onassis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Foster=Stephen Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharishi_Mahesh_Yogi=Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Marceau=Marcel Marceau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tot%C3%B2=Totò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Newmar=Julie Newmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buster_Crabbe=Buster Crabbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Bana=Eric Bana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_del_Castillo=Kate del Castillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Percier=Charles Percier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Chin=Clive Chin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Webb,_1st_Baron_Passfield=Sidney James Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilberto_Gil=Gilberto Gil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heitor_Villa-Lobos=Heitor Villa-Lobos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Frankl=Viktor Frankl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Sullivan=Andrew Sullivan (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Ammann=Jakob Ammann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Taylor=Cecil Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Mann=Horace Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wesley=Charles Wesley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Glanvill=Joseph Glanvill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_August_B%C3%BCrger=Gottfried August Bürger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Schlegel=August Wilhelm von Schlegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_David_Michaelis=Johann David Michaelis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Reiske=Johann Jakob Reiske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Niebuhr=Carsten Niebuhr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Gould=Jason Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeppo_Marx=Zeppo Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Dressler=Marie Dressler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Dunne=Irene Dunne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Harding=Ann Harding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Hayes=Helen Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Fontanne=Lynn Fontanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Wynyard=Diana Wynyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Robson=May Robson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Moore=Grace Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rhys-Davies=John Rhys-Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Bergner=Elisabeth Bergner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miriam_Hopkins=Miriam Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Pearce=Guy Pearce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Booth=Connie Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Nolan=Christopher Nolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Hanson=Curtis Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Innis=Harold Innis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Theodor_Vischer=Friedrich Theodor Vischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Julia_Bartet=Julia Bartet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Wilhelm_Hengstenberg=Ernst Wilhelm Hengstenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlieb_Jakob_Planck=Gottlieb Jakob Planck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Barth=Heinrich Barth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Samuel_Reimarus=Hermann Samuel Reimarus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Bolger=Ray Bolger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Reynolds=Burt Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Simon_(priest)=Richard Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Cappel=Louis Cappel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvira_of_Castile,_Countess_of_Toulouse=Elvira di Castiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Falcandus=Ugo Falcando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starhawk=Starhawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joaquin_Phoenix=Joaquin Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_F%C3%A9nelon=Fénelon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lana_Clarkson=Lana Clarkson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colm_Meaney=Colm Meaney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Fixx=James F. Fixx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Crean=Simon Crean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Nordau=Max Nordau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Colman_Smith=Pamela Colman Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Kay_Letourneau=Mary Kay Letourneau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiddu_Krishnamurti=Jiddu Krishnamurti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lana_Turner=Lana Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Mor%C3%A9as=Jean Moréas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Augustus_Eberhard=Johann Augustus Eberhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Pays=Amanda Pays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Eduard_Beneke=Friedrich Eduard Beneke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Ueberweg=Friedrich Ueberweg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Grove=Andrew Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Friedrich_Fries=Jakob Friedrich Fries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Frewer=Matt Frewer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traci_Lords=Traci Lords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Sarney=José Sarney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9e_Vivien=Renée Vivien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Joseph_Savage=Michael Joseph Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadezhda_Alliluyeva=Nadežda Sergeevna Allilueva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Bondarchuk=Sergej Fëdorovič Bondarčuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Giraud=Albert Giraud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emile_Verhaeren=Émile Verhaeren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_Ebsen=Buddy Ebsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remy_de_Gourmont=Remy de Gourmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Ferrell=Will Ferrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Fran%C3%A7ois_Rewbell=Jean-François Reubell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berengaria_of_Castile=Berenguela di Castiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Newton=Helmut Newton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Laird=Rick Laird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Denver=Bob Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Abernathy=Ralph Abernathy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Samain=Albert Samain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Panama=Norman Panama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tullus_Hostilius=Tullo Ostilio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saul_Lieberman=Saul Lieberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_von_Schlieffen=Alfred von Schlieffen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Favila_of_Asturias=Favila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B%C3%A9la_Kun=Béla Kun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Weil=Simone Weil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whittaker_Chambers=Whittaker Chambers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keisha_Castle-Hughes=Keisha Castle-Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Potts=Annie Potts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha_Jin=Ha Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taira_no_Kiyomori=Taira no Kiyomori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%A9rard_de_Nerval=Gérard de Nerval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Babbitt=Bruce Babbitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Buscemi=Steve Buscemi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_d'Agoult=Marie d'Agoult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Parvipontanus=Adamo del Petit-Pont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Griesbach=Johann Jakob Griesbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wood=Henry Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Oecolampadius=Giovanni Ecolampadio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierce_Brosnan=Pierce Brosnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_von_Sickingen=Franz von Sickingen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Capito=Volfango Capitone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Gesenius=Wilhelm Gesenius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Ludwig_Burckhardt=Johann Ludwig Burckhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Hermann_Francke=August Hermann Francke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrecht_Ritschl=Albrecht Ritschl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%86lla_of_Deira=Aella di Deira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilia_Hazelip=Emilia Hazelip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton_Alderfer=Clayton Alderfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_McGregor=Douglas McGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Herzberg=Frederick Herzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osric_of_Deira=Osric di Deira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saul_Alinsky=Saul Alinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luise_Rainer=Luise Rainer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_George=Gladys George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fay_Bainter=Fay Bainter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Sullavan=Margaret Sullavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Fontaine=Joan Fontaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Scott=Martha Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Russell=Rosalind Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Wright=Teresa Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Young_(actor)=Robert Young (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Andersch=Alfred Andersch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Johann_von_Biron=Ernst Johann Biron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Fry=Elizabeth Fry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Stevens=Ted Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eberhard_Schrader=Eberhard Schrader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_N%C3%B6ldeke=Theodor Nöldeke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Gans=Eduard Gans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_Zinzendorf=Nikolaus Ludwig von Zinzendorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Silvestris=Bernardo Silvestre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Arndt=Johann Arndt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Spener=Philipp Jacob Spener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehmet_Fuat_K%C3%B6pr%C3%BCl%C3%BC=Mehmet Fuad Köprülü
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorne_Greene=Lorne Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Kahn=Gustave Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lope_de_Aguirre=Lope de Aguirre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Arthur=Jean Arthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Tierney=Gene Tierney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Avary=Roger Avary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_de_Machaut=Guillaume de Machaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Postlethwaite=Pete Postlethwaite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gummo_Marx=Gummo Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Garvey=Marcus Garvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Favre=Jules Favre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Vinoy=Joseph Vinoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Leroy_de_Saint_Arnaud=Armand Jacques Leroy de Saint-Arnaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._P._Morgan=John Pierpont Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russ_Meyer=Russ Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy_Gravano=Sammy Gravano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_of_Tewkesbury=Alano di Lilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_of_Chartres=Bernardo di Chartres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Roppolo=Leon Roppolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldridge_Cleaver=Eldridge Cleaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Remick=Lee Remick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felice_Orsini=Felice Orsini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Certain_Canrobert=François Certain de Canrobert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Torres_y_Quevedo=Leonardo Torres y Quevedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimable_P%C3%A9lissier=Aimable Pélissier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_D%C3%A9sir%C3%A9_Landru=Henri Landru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Campion=Thomas Campion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield_Smith-Cumming=George Mansfield Smith-Cumming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huey_P._Newton=Huey Newton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megabyzus=Megabizo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Taylor_(Duran_Duran_drummer)=Roger Taylor (batterista 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Taylor_(Queen_drummer)=Roger Taylor (batterista 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bird_(chess_player)=Henry Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Anderssen=Adolf Anderssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Baldwin=William Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Baldwin=Daniel Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Baldwin=Stephen Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_Baldwin=Alec Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ildibad=Ildibaldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Keene=Raymond Keene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Shirley=John Shirley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siim_Kallas=Siim Kallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Christie=Al Christie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Lawrence=Florence Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotys_I_(Odrysian)=Cotys I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlee_Matlin=Marlee Matlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Ebers=Georg Ebers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Brienne=Giovanni di Brienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Howard_(prison_reformer)=John Howard (filantropo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Schuricht=Carl Schuricht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Turner=Kathleen Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Dash=Julie Dash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitrie_Cantemir=Dimitrie Cantemir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Tal=Michail Tal'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sculley=John Sculley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Freiherr_Knigge=Adolph Knigge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Hume=Hamilton Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Robertson,_Baron_Robertson_of_Port_Ellen=George Islay MacNeill Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Hoppus=Mark Hoppus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lee_(Attorney_General)=Charles Lee (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsy_Rose_Lee=Gypsy Rose Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_Bircher-Benner=Maximilian Bircher-Benner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Havoc=June Havoc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Gerhardt=Paul Gerhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Thomasius=Christian Thomasius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_von_Pufendorf=Samuel von Pufendorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Ernst_Ferdinand_Guericke=Heinrich Ernst Ferdinand Guericke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_von_Kotzebue=Otto von Kotzebue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Younghusband=Francis Younghusband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Tudor,_1st_Earl_of_Richmond=Edmondo Tudor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Wilber=Ken Wilber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Wyman=Jane Wyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loretta_Young=Loretta Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_McGuire=Dorothy McGuire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Hayward=Susan Hayward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Crain=Jeanne Crain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_II_of_Italy=Ludovico II il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_David-N%C3%A9el=Alexandra David-Néel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_George,_Baron_George=Edward George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Flourens=Gustave Flourens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Rouvier=Maurice Rouvier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Th%C3%A9ophile_Delcass%C3%A9=Théophile Delcassé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Mitchell=Billy Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Schmich=Mary Schmich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bailey=David Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_II_of_Lippe=Otto II di Lippe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Fracastoro=Girolamo Fracastoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Webb=Matthew Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_of_Celano=Tommaso da Celano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Johnson=Amy Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifi_D'Orsay=Fifi D'Orsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_La_Badie=Florence La Badie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Prevost=Marie Prevost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_De_Grasse=Sam De Grasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berton_Churchill=Berton Churchill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Aldred=Sophie Aldred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Everett_Horton=Edward Everett Horton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Fox,_1st_Baroness_Holland=Georgiana Fox, I baronessa di Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Picard=Ernest Picard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Colonna-Walewski=Alexandre Colonna Walewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Foray=June Foray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Lenneberg=Eric Lenneberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent,_Count_Benedetti=Vincent Benedetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_de_Morny,_Duke_of_Morny=Charles de Morny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_J._Pollard=Michael J. Pollard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Lewis=Bernard Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maricarmen_Regueiro=Maricarmen Regueiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livius_Andronicus=Livio Andronico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Lord=Del Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntley_Gordon=Huntley Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Olcott=Sidney Olcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_Reitsch=Hanna Reitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlieb_Daimler=Gottlieb Daimler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seneca_the_Elder=Lucio Anneo Seneca il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlande_de_Lassus=Orlando di Lasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellie_Bly=Nellie Bly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Burstyn=Ellen Burstyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_van_Keppel,_1st_Earl_of_Albemarle=Arnold Joost van Keppel, I conte di Albemarle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Butler,_2nd_Duke_of_Ormonde=James Butler, II duca di Ormonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Shearer=Douglas Shearer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Pickford=Jack Pickford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adi_Shankara=Shankaracharya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Stang=Ivan Stang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Cohen=Eli Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholicos_of_All_Armenians=Supremo Patriarca e Catholicos di tutti gli Armeni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D._Rockefeller=John Davison Rockefeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Taylor=Tom Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Vanderbilt=Gloria Vanderbilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Rogers=Roy Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futabatei_Shimei=Futabatei Shimei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiaki_J._Konaka=Chiaki J. Konaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y%C5%ABji_Takahashi=Yūji Takahashi (musicista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ichiy%C5%8D_Higuchi=Ichiyō Higuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kido_Okamoto=Okamoto Kido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Fossett=Steve Fossett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Linden=Hal Linden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Prescott=John Prescott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Watkin=Edward Watkin (imprenditore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Webb_Ellis=William Webb Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Seigen=Go Seigen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Coombs=Clyde Coombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Holliday=Judy Holliday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Baxter=Anne Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Parker=Eleanor Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Booth=Shirley Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley_Winters=Shelley Winters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Harris=Julie Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Negroponte=Nicholas Negroponte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Caillebotte=Gustave Caillebotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Williams=Bert Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Henry=Joseph Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katrin_Cartlidge=Katrin Cartlidge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Trolle=Erik Trolle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_McNamara=Maggie McNamara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Dandridge=Dorothy Dandridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Bochco=Steven Bochco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demi_Moore=Demi Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Lamb=Joseph Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Brooks=Louise Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Meyerbeer=Giacomo Meyerbeer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Eckener=Hugo Eckener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Gee=Maurice Gee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Fleischer=Max Fleischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Hartley=Hal Hartley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Hastert=Dennis Hastert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Branden=Nathaniel Branden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter_Holland=Dexter Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Colt=Samuel Colt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Joseph,_comte_de_Flahaut=Charles Joseph, conte de Flahaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiva_ben_Joseph=Rabbi Akiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Townsend_Brown=Thomas Townsend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Landrieu=Mary Landrieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberich_of_Reims=Alberico di Reims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Clarke=Samuel Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimiro_Montesinos=Vladimiro Montesinos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Markland=Jeremiah Markland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bentley=Richard Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmon_P._Chase=Salmon Portland Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Hill_(historian)=Christopher Hill (storico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Sordi=Alberto Sordi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Keeler=Ruby Keeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Silverheels=Jay Silverheels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Brady=Alice Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minamoto_no_Yoriie=Minamoto no Yoriie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minamoto_no_Sanetomo=Minamoto no Sanetomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percivall_Pott=Percivall Pott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herophilos=Erofilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_de_Molay=Jacques de Molay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Taylor_(classical_scholar)=John Taylor (studioso)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Graevius=Johann Georg Graeve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugues_de_Payens=Hugues de Payns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Meineke=Augustus Meineke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Warburton=William Warburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Birch=Thomas Birch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conyers_Middleton=Conyers Middleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Josephson=Julien Josephson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Cox=Brad Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_McIlroy=Douglas McIlroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bruce=Edward Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9-Robert_Cavelier,_Sieur_de_La_Salle=René Robert Cavelier de La Salle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Burman_the_Younger=Pieter Burman il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Burman_the_Elder=Pieter Burman il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Gaultier_de_Varennes,_sieur_de_La_V%C3%A9rendrye=Pierre Gaultier de Varennes de la Vérendrye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perizonius=Perizonius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_Sharif=Omar Sharif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Bernays=Jacob Bernays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabbatai_Zevi=Sabbatai Zevi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Porson=Richard Porson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Wilhelm_Friedrich_Schlegel=Friedrich Schlegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mill_(theologian)=John Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verity_Lambert=Verity Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drest_IX=Drest IX dei Pitti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Bowra=Maurice Bowra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tavener=John Taverner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Talon=Jean Talon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Magnani=Anna Magnani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Joseph_Papineau=Louis-Joseph Papineau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lambton,_1st_Earl_of_Durham=John Lambton, I conte di Durham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Hippolyte_Lafontaine=Louis-Hippolyte Lafontaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Kelly=Nancy Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carroll_Baker=Carroll Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horst_K%C3%B6hler=Horst Köhler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Coand%C4%83=Henri Coandă
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergus_mac_Echdach=Fergus mac Echdach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muiredach_mac_Ainbcellaig=Muiredach mac Ainbcellaig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eochaid_mac_Echdach=Eochaid mac Echdach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hearne_(antiquarian)=Thomas Hearne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gataker=Thomas Gataker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publilius_Syrus=Publilio Siro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_of_Sareshel=Alfredo di Sareshel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalid_Sheikh_Mohammed=Khalid Shaykh Muhammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Camerarius=Joachim Camerarius il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Winfield_Woolworth=Frank Winfield Woolworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gaisford=Thomas Gaisford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Wilhelm_Dindorf=Karl Wilhelm Dindorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Graham=Bob Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Schneidewin=Friedrich Wilhelm Schneidewin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._J._Bellocq=Ernest Joseph Bellocq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Stewart=Martha Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Marsden=Jason Marsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Wattenbach=Wilhelm Wattenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ainbcellach_mac_Ferchair=Ainbcellach mac Ferchair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kempe=William Kempe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippa_Roet=Philippa Roet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Coogan=Jackie Coogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Mason=Charles Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Grable=Betty Grable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rigoberta_Mench%C3%BA=Rigoberta Menchú
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottaviano_Petrucci=Ottaviano Petrucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser,_11th_Lord_Lovat=Simon Fraser, XI Lord Lovat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eochaid_mac_Domangairt=Eochaid mac Domangairt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferchar_Fota=Ferchar Fota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladislav_Listyev=Vladislav Nikolaevič List'ev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Leeson=Nick Leeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Harrington_(musician)=Paul Harrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_von_D%C3%A4niken=Erich von Däniken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azathoth=Azathoth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Servetus=Michele Serveto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Renshaw=Samuel Renshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliette_Gordon_Low=Juliette Gordon Low
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_Kneller=Godfrey Kneller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark-Anthony_Turnage=Mark-Anthony Turnage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Morley=Christopher Morley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Pulchrae_Mulieris=Adamo Pulchrae Mulieris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Evelyn=John Evelyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horst_Buchholz=Horst Buchholz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_Spheeris=Penelope Spheeris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Hwang=Dennis Hwang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Slevin=Gerard Slevin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_McWhirter=Ross McWhirter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristide_Briand=Aristide Briand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Sorel=Albert Sorel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darryl_F._Zanuck=Darryl F. Zanuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secondo_Campini=Secondo Campini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marinus_van_der_Lubbe=Marinus van der Lubbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Pantoliano=Joe Pantoliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Delvaux=André Delvaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninette_de_Valois=Ninette de Valois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Jansen=Giansenio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogier_van_der_Weyden=Rogier van der Weyden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Memling=Hans Memling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedanius_Dioscorides=Dioscoride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilles_Binchois=Gilles Binchois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Greene_(composer)=Maurice Greene (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Lanier=Nicholas Lanier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walford_Davies=Walford Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Allen_(actor)=Keith Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stewart,_1st_Marquess_of_Londonderry=Robert Stewart, I marchese di Londonderry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stanley_(composer)=John Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cain_and_Abel=Caino e Abele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Cardew=Cornelius Cardew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Vaaler=Johan Vaaler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Boyce_(composer)=William Boyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_K._Baxter=James K. Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Parratt=Walter Parratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Nagel=Thomas Nagel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domnall_Donn=Domnall Donn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conall_Crandomna=Conall Crandomna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domangart_mac_Domnaill=Domangart mac Domnaill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connad_Cerr=Connad Cerr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferchar_mac_Connaid=Ferchar mac Connaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eochaid_Buide=Eochaid Buide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conall_mac_Comgaill=Conall mac Comgaill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domnall_Brecc=Domnall Brecc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Clinchant=Justin Clinchant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_%C3%89tienne_Championnet=Jean Étienne Championnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Auld=William Auld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bell=Joseph Bell (medico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Cadoudal=Georges Cadoudal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Antheil=George Antheil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Hope=Anthony Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comgall_mac_Domangairt=Comgall di Dalriada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eug%C3%A8ne_Marin_Labiche=Eugène Labiche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Law=Oliver Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Rosenthal=Joe Rosenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Merikanto=Oskar Merikanto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Villiers,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham=George Villiers, II duca di Buckingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bennet,_1st_Earl_of_Arlington=Henry Bennet, I conte di Arlington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Stamitz=Carl Stamitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Simmons=Jean Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Vertue=George Vertue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_Woodward=Joanne Woodward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melina_Mercouri=Melina Merkouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Livingston_the_Elder=Robert Livingston il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_James=Frank James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrie_Sanders=Corrie Sanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne_Clavi%C3%A8re=Étienne Clavière
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Pierre_Brissot=Jacques Pierre Brissot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qari_Ahmadullah=Qari Ahmadullah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Jones=Spike Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_F._Cline=Edward F. Cline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senesino=Senesino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_von_K%C3%A1rm%C3%A1n=Theodore von Kármán
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Treacy=Philip Treacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_of_Saint_George=James of Saint George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_du_Barry=Marie-Jeanne Bécu, contessa du Barry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Than_Shwe=Than Shwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Heidegger=John James Heidegger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_M%C3%BCntzer=Thomas Müntzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Mikhoels=Solomon Michajlovič Michoėls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Brummell=Beau Brummell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Fitzherbert=Maria Fitzherbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Roe_O'Neill=Owen Roe O'Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svetlana_Alliluyeva=Svetlana Allilueva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Anker=Albert Anker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Novello=Antonia Novello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_the_Virgin=Margherita di Antiochia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Antoine,_comte_Prieur-Duvernois=Claude-Antoine Prieur-Duvernois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Louis_Prieur=Pierre-Louis Prieur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ireton=Henry Ireton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cavendish,_1st_Duke_of_Newcastle=William Cavendish, I duca di Newcastle-upon-Tyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Baxter=Richard Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy_Davis_Jr.=Sammy Davis Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Maitland,_3rd_Earl_of_Lauderdale=Charles Maitland, III conte di Lauderdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Maitland,_1st_Duke_of_Lauderdale=John Maitland, I duca di Lauderdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uri_Geller=Uri Geller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Albani=Emma Albani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolfo_P%C3%A9rez_Esquivel=Adolfo Pérez Esquivel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domingo_Cavallo=Domingo Cavallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Rigg=Diana Rigg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Antonio_Barrera=Marco Antonio Barrera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcion_of_Sinope=Marcione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Milk=Harvey Milk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelagius=Pelagio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Bernard=Carlos Bernard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Hall,_1st_Baron_Llanover=Benjamin Hall, I barone di Llanover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Adolf_Schmidt=Wilhelm Adolf Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Burbage=Richard Burbage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Quentin_Fouquier-Tinville=Antoine Quentin Fouquier-Tinville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Desmoulins=Camille Desmoulins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Joseph_Westermann=François-Joseph Westermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Melchior,_Baron_von_Grimm=Friedrich Melchior von Grimm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_FitzGerald,_Duchess_of_Leinster=Emily Lennox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fiske_(philosopher)=John Fiske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Bernd_Gisevius=Hans Bernd Gisevius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Drake=Edwin Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Lovell,_1st_Viscount_Lovell=Francis Lovell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Steffens=Lincoln Steffens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Victor,_baron_Malouet=Pierre-Victor Malouet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Morellet=André Morellet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesare_Beccaria=Cesare Beccaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Fran%C3%A7ois_de_Saint-Lambert=Jean-François de Saint-Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinando_Galiani=Ferdinando Galiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Anne_de_Vichy-Chamrond,_marquise_du_Deffand=Marie Anne de Vichy-Chamrond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_von_Neurath=Konstantin von Neurath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Beccaria=Giovanni Battista Beccaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siger_of_Brabant=Sigieri da Brabante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Charles_Le_Monnier=Pierre Charles Le Monnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Owen_(theologian)=John Owen (teologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Calamy_the_Elder=Edmund Calamy il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Livingston=Edward Livingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Fournier_(revolutionary)=Claude Fournier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justo_Rufino_Barrios=Justo Rufino Barrios Auyón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spalding_Gray=Spalding Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asaph_Hall=Asaph Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Hargrave=Lawrence Hargrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Prager=Dennis Prager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Gensonn%C3%A9=Armand Gensonné
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Victurnien_Vergniaud=Pierre Victurnien Vergniaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_de_Mowbray,_1st_Duke_of_Norfolk=Thomas de Mowbray, I duca di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Roland,_vicomte_de_la_Plati%C3%A8re=Jean-Marie Roland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Baptiste_Massillon=Jean-Baptiste Massillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Roland=Marie-Jeanne Roland de la Platière
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Stannard_Baker=Ray Stannard Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Latimer=Hugh Latimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Destutt_de_Tracy=Antoine-Louis-Claude Destutt de Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suger=Sugerio di Saint-Denis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Schlesinger=Leon Schlesinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynne_Thigpen=Lynne Thigpen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Henry_Lewis=John Henry Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_de_Sainte-Maure,_duc_de_Montausier=Charles de Sainte-Maure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esprit_Fl%C3%A9chier=Esprit Fléchier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Castell=Edmund Castell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lightfoot=John Lightfoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Grant=Duncan Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Pococke=Edward Pococke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Walton_(bishop)=Brian Walton (vescovo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eadmer=Eadmero di Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_McQueen_(director)=Steve McQueen (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Bell=Clive Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Bell=Vanessa Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Fry=Roger Fry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padmasambhava=Padmasambhava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friz_Freleng=Friz Freleng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Corrie=Rachel Corrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Lassalle=Ferdinand Lassalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Gish=Lillian Gish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Ludvig_Runeberg=Johan Ludvig Runeberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydatius=Idazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Maillart=Ella Maillart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Drayton=Michael Drayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Daniel=Samuel Daniel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ati%C5%9Ba=Atiśa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uday_Hussein='Uday Saddam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Lippershey=Hans Lippershey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Dooyeweerd=Herman Dooyeweerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Tolson=Clyde Tolson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_McKimson=Robert McKimson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Clampett=Robert Clampett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Tashlin=Frank Tashlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Reich=Wilhelm Reich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Wilhelm_Steller=Georg Wilhelm Steller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sarnoff=David Sarnoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_McDowell=Malcolm McDowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicco_von_B%C3%BClow=Loriot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Sarah_Lennox=Sarah Lennox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustavus_von_Tempsky=Gustavus von Tempsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Harvard_(clergyman)=John Harvard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Cornelius_Agrippa=Agrippa von Nettesheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harman_and_Ising=Harman e Ising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%85sne_Seierstad=Åsne Seierstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Khaldun=Ibn Khaldun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beniamino_Gigli=Beniamino Gigli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Sargeson=Frank Sargeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Frank=Otto Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Taylor_(Mormon)=John Taylor (profeta mormone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Delgado=Roger Delgado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Sikorsky=Igor Sikorsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Edward_Taylor=John Edward Taylor (editore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Taylor_(poet)=John Taylor (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Broderick=Matthew Broderick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He-Man=He-Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernadette_Peters=Bernadette Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Fischer=Eugen Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Fran%C3%A7ois_Valentin_About=Edmond About
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lambert_(general)=John Lambert (generale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisque_Sarcey=Francisque Sarcey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Christophe_Fran%C3%A7ois_Hachette=Louis Hachette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89mile_Littr%C3%A9=Émile Littré
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne_Vacherot=Étienne Vacherot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Davison=Peter Davison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Charles_Fauriel=Claude Fauriel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Machin=Arnold Machin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin_Thierry=Augustin Thierry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Am%C3%A9d%C3%A9e_Simon_Dominique_Thierry=Amédée Thierry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Catesby=Robert Catesby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel_Joseph_Siey%C3%A8s=Emmanuel Joseph Sieyès
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Mignet=François-Auguste Mignet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_M%C3%A9zi%C3%A8res=Philippe de Mézières
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettie_Page=Bettie Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Boyle,_5th_Earl_of_Cork=John Boyle, V conte di Cork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Johnson=Don Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Lynch_Williams=Jesse Lynch Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiichi_Miyazawa=Kiichi Miyazawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsutomu_Hata=Tsutomu Hata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Quan_Judge=William Quan Judge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Steel_Olcott=Henry Steel Olcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Shigao=Ān Shìgāo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Besant=Annie Besant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Otfried_M%C3%BCller=Karl Otfried Müller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Jakob_Hermann=Johann Gottfried Jakob Hermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Webster_Leadbeater=Charles Webster Leadbeater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine-L%C3%A9onard_de_Ch%C3%A9zy=Antoine-Léonard Chézy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Thomas_Colebrooke=Henry Thomas Colebrooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Friedrich_Creuzer=Friedrich Creuzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliphas_Levi=Eliphas Lévi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_Voss=Johann Heinrich Voss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Christian_Boie=Heinrich Christian Boie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Gotter=Friedrich Wilhelm Gotter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Leopold_zu_Stolberg-Stolberg=Federico Leopoldo di Stolberg-Stolberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Scipione,_marchese_di_Maffei=Scipione Maffei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Isaac_Silvestre_de_Sacy=Antoine-Isaac Silvestre de Sacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Thiersch=Friedrich Thiersch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Benfey=Theodor Benfey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Felix_Halm=Karl Felix Halm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Caspar_von_Orelli=Johann Caspar von Orelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Yule=Henry Yule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bettany=Paul Bettany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riccardo_Muti=Riccardo Muti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zitkala-Sa=Zitkala-Sa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_August_von_Hardenberg=Karl August von Hardenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Lobeck=Christian Lobeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_Clinton=Chelsea Clinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Babbitt=Art Babbitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Kimball=Ward Kimball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien_Brody=Adrien Brody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Colangelo=Jerry Colangelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Goldman=James Goldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_West=Frederick West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Todt=Fritz Todt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecumseh=Tecumseh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Booth=William Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Doherty=Earl Doherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Holyoake=Keith Holyoake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Theodosius=Flavio Teodosio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_van_Hoboken=Anthony van Hoboken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_de_Acosta=José de Acosta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsa_Br%C3%A4ndstr%C3%B6m=Elsa Brändström
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matti_Pellonp%C3%A4%C3%A4=Matti Pellonpää
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kati_Outinen=Kati Outinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aki_Kaurism%C3%A4ki=Aki Kaurismäki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Lasenby_Liberty=Arthur Lasenby Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kum%C4%81raj%C4%ABva=Kumārajīva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Pierce_Baker=George Pierce Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Augstein=Rudolf Augstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_Stubbs=Una Stubbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lark_Voorhies=Lark Voorhies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Magnus_Sprengtporten=Goran Magnus Sprengtporten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Favagrossa=Carlo Favagrossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gilbert_(actor)=John Gilbert (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnes_Wallis=Barnes Wallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raphael_Finkel=Raphael Finkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axel_von_Fersen_the_Elder=Axel von Fersen il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axel_von_Fersen_the_Younger=Hans Axel von Fersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Farrow=Mia Farrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amr_Moussa=ʿAmr Mūsā
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Previn=André Previn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_O'Sullivan=Maureen O'Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Crosbie=Annette Crosbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cleland=John Cleland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebenezer_Howard=Ebenezer Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Marshall=James Wilson Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Akamatsu=Ken Akamatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Murakami=Murakami (imperatore del Giappone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Daigo=Daigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Suzaku=Suzaku (imperatore del Giappone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferruccio_Busoni=Ferruccio Busoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Mauritz_Armfelt=Gustaf Mauritz Armfelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Christopher_Toll=Johan Christopher Toll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Kazurinsky=Tim Kazurinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emeric_Pressburger=Emeric Pressburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Wolpe=Stefan Wolpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Paterson=Tim Paterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Moorehead=Agnes Moorehead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Keaton=Diane Keaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egon_Petri=Egon Petri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Caesar=Sid Caesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gongsun_Long=Gongsun Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capucine=Capucine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Pearl=Daniel Pearl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Lawes=Henry Lawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Guinness,_2nd_Baron_Moyne=Bryan Guinness, II barone Moyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Haselrig=Arthur Haselrig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herleva=Herleva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wentworth,_1st_Earl_of_Strafford=Thomas Wentworth, I conte di Strafford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galeazzo_II_Visconti=Galeazzo II Visconti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taha_Yassin_Ramadan=Taha Yassin Ramadan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Icahn=Carl Icahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_Shukeiri=Ahmad Shuqayri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Williams_(animator)=Richard Williams (animatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Willis_Ritchey=George Willis Ritchey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Cumming=Alan Cumming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Chr%C3%A9tien=Henri Chrétien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Browder=Ben Browder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Bynes=Amanda Bynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celine_Dion=Céline Dion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sajida_Talfah=Sajida Talfah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerardus_Heymans=Gerardus Heymans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Anson,_5th_Earl_of_Lichfield=Patrick Anson, V conte di Lichfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syagrius=Siagrio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setthathirath=Setthathirat I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Werfel=Franz Werfel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mahler=Alma Mahler Schindler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairuza_Balk=Fairuza Balk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photisarath=Phothisarat I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khun_Lo=Khun Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Gruber=Johann Gottfried Gruber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Martin_Wieland=Christoph Martin Wieland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Bodmer=Johann Jakob Bodmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christoph_Gottsched=Johann Christoph Gottsched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barthold_Heinrich_Brockes=Barthold Heinrich Brockes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Arnett=Peter Gregg Arnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Heinrich_Pertz=Georg Heinrich Pertz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmold=Helmold di Bosau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Thorpe=Benjamin Thorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Potthast=August Potthast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Hermann_Ludwig_Heeren=Arnold Hermann Ludwig Heeren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_von_M%C3%BCller=Johannes von Müller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Hermann_Weisse=Christian Hermann Weisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace-B%C3%A9n%C3%A9dict_de_Saussure=Horace-Bénédict de Saussure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haj_Amin_al-Husseini=Amin al-Husseini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus_West_Field=Cyrus West Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeo_Cristofori=Bartolomeo Cristofori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_da_Clareno=Angelo Clareno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subhas_Chandra_Bose=Subhas Chandra Bose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xuanzang=Xuánzàng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Hardouin_Mansart=Jules Hardouin Mansart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9e_Zellweger=Renée Zellweger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soong_Ching-ling=Song Qingling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jeter=Michael Jeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Basinger=Kim Basinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helge_Ingstad=Helge Ingstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Gullette=Sean Gullette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Samuel_Ersch=Johann Samuel Ersch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Wilhelm_Hufeland=Christoph Wilhelm Hufeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barthold_Georg_Niebuhr=Barthold Georg Niebuhr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulpian=Ulpiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Hugo=Gustav Hugo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhold_Niebuhr=Reinhold Niebuhr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_(performer)=Divine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Cannon=Nick Cannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Novak=Michael Novak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentin_Pavlov=Valentin Sergeevič Pavlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Edelfelt=Albert Edelfelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Ferguson=Niels Ferguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herennius_Modestinus=Erennio Modestino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Septimius_Geta=Geta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Flamel=Nicolas Flamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranulf_de_Glanvill=Ranulf de Glanvill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Baring,_1st_Baron_Ashburton=Alexander Baring, I barone Ashburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Winslow_Taylor=Frederick Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masuccio_Salernitano=Masuccio Salernitano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Xaver_Messerschmidt=Franz Xaver Messerschmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel_Strickland=Mabel Strickland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhoda_Broughton=Rhoda Broughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Price=Richard Price (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Christian_Schumacher=Heinrich Christian Schumacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Franz_Encke=Johann Franz Encke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mackintosh=James Mackintosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Coulter=Ann Coulter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Persons=Robert Parsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_R._Bourne=Stephen Bourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Borrow=George Borrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Diktonius=Elmer Diktonius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eino_Leino=Eino Leino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider_Robinson=Spider Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Powell=Dick Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Micheaux=Oscar Micheaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calouste_Gulbenkian=Calouste Gulbenkian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olof_Rudbeck_the_Younger=Olaus Rudbeck il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milman_Parry=Milman Parry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Allyson=June Allyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_XII_Auletes=Tolomeo XII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Rand=Paul Rand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodahad=Teodato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharnabazus_II=Farnabazo II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_George_Ritchie=David George Ritchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilson_(Scottish_writer)=John Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sven_Hassel=Sven Hassel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gibson_Lockhart=John Gibson Lockhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Constable=Archibald Constable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Adams_(sailor)=William Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Ashley-Cooper,_7th_Earl_of_Shaftesbury=Anthony Ashley-Cooper, VII conte di Shaftesbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_of_Braganza=Caterina di Braganza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Fr%C3%A9d%C3%A9ric_Waldeck=Jean Frederic Waldeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooke_Westcott=Brooke Foss Westcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liane_Haid=Liane Haid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leigh_Hunt=Leigh Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_O._Abell=George Ogden Abell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosa_Albach-Retty=Rosa Albach-Retty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brett_J._Gladman=Brett James Gladman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piper_Laurie=Piper Laurie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldine_Page=Geraldine Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Farrell=Colin Farrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Bancroft=Anne Bancroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Freud=Anna Freud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youssef_Chahine=Yusuf Shahin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Vilhelm_Snellman=Johan Vilhelm Snellman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Wilson=Sandy Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laban_Ainsworth=Laban Ainsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Kibalchich=Nikolaj Ivanovič Kibal'čič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Leichhardt=Ludwig Leichhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dion_Fortune=Dion Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Addison=Thomas Addison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aneirin=Aneirin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Procter=Barry Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Th%C4%81bit_ibn_Qurra=Thābit ibn Qurra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallagher_(comedian)=Gallagher (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Whately=Richard Whately
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell_Woolrich=Cornell Woolrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirabeau_B._Lamar=Mirabeau Bonaparte Lamar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Loriod=Yvonne Loriod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Barenboim=Daniel Barenboim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Jones=Freddie Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Charles_Wilson=Robert Charles Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_du_Pr%C3%A9=Jacqueline du Pré
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dannie_Abse=Dannie Abse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heracles_of_Macedon=Eracle di Macedonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Kaspar_Lavater=Johann Kaspar Lavater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Th%C3%A9r%C3%A8se_Rodet_Geoffrin=Marie-Thérèse Rodet Geoffrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Hopkins=Matthew Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bronson=Charles Bronson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Harrison_Ainsworth=William Harrison Ainsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Douglas=Margaret Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dankmar_Adler=Dankmar Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Laveau=Marie Laveau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_David_Wyss=Johann David Wyss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Bostwick=Barry Bostwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscilla_Presley=Priscilla Presley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Balanchine=George Balanchine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinando_Fairfax,_2nd_Lord_Fairfax_of_Cameron=Ferdinando Fairfax, II lord Fairfax di Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabury_Quinn=Seabury Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaylord_Nelson=Gaylord Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Hornsrud=Christopher Hornsrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Hassan_al-Bakr=Ahmed Hasan al-Bakr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_Legros=Alphonse Legros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonius_Marcellus=Nonio Marcello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Lachmann=Karl Lachmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Heinrich_von_der_Hagen=Friedrich Heinrich von der Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_von_der_Vogelweide=Walther von der Vogelweide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Pfeiffer=Franz Pfeiffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Haupt=Moriz Haupt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_of_Mecklenburg-Strelitz=Carlotta di Meclemburgo-Strelitz (1744-1818)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Jahn=Otto Jahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Eduard_Gerhard=Eduard Gerhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Turow=Scott Turow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodri_Morgan=Rhodri Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Sibley=Charles Sibley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soulivong_Savang=Soulivong Savang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Cavaignac=Jean-Baptiste Cavaignac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Rude=François Rude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-de-Dieu_Soult=Nicolas Jean-de-Dieu Soult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_von_Ferrary=Filippo De Ferrari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Kelley=Edward Kelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Gettier=Edmund Gettier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Mengelberg=Willem Mengelberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Prynne=William Prynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_F._Albright=William Albright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Roberts_(actress)=Rachel Roberts (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Neal=Patricia Neal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Stanley=Kim Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teri_Hatcher=Teri Hatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Asher=Jane Asher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karel_Reisz=Karel Reisz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waleed_al-Shehri=Walid al-Shihri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Hill=Joe Hill (disambigua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Dickson=Dorothy Dickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Cunliffe=Barry Cunliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_H._Goddard=Robert Goddard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Norris_(businessman)=Henry Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Spencer,_5th_Earl_Spencer=John Spencer, V conte Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonio_Selwart=Tonio Selwart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germaine_de_Sta%C3%ABl=Madame de Staël
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Miike=Takashi Miike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edie_Falco=Edie Falco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lester=Richard Lester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalevi_Sorsa=Kalevi Sorsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Schenker=Heinrich Schenker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Ruwet=Nicolas Ruwet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Nimmo=Derek Nimmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_Zaidan=Muhammad Zaydan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Clark=Larry Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Kinski=Klaus Kinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Bunshaft=Gordon Bunshaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey_Kasem=Casey Kasem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Chalabi=Ahmad Chalabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lugar=Dick Lugar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_Run_Shaw=Run Run Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Pride=Thomas Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamal_Jumblatt=Kamal Jumblatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._C._Fields=W. C. Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Buffett=Warren Buffett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Bryan=Alfred Bryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_Russell=Gail Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Novello=Vincent Novello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_of_Acre=Giovanna d'Acri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amenemhat_III=Amenemhat III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Dole=Elizabeth Dole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lovelock=Jack Lovelock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Klinghoffer=Omicidio di Leon Klinghoffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Money=Eddie Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Paul_Getty,_Jr.=John Paul Getty Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dario_Argento=Dario Argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_de_Clare=Margaret de Clare, contessa di Gloucester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mayer=John Mayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Boccherini=Luigi Boccherini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Avidan=David Avidan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Claude_Fran%C3%A7ois_Daunou=Pierre Daunou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Leroux=Pierre Leroux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Roch_Louis_Reybaud=Marie Roch Louis Reybaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Lassen=Christian Lassen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eug%C3%A8ne_Burnouf=Eugène Burnouf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hampden=John Hampden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derren_Brown=Derren Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Mitchell_Ramsay=William M. Ramsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Hutton=Bobby Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katey_Sagal=Katey Sagal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Dass=Richard Alpert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Velikovsky=Immanuil Velikovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Schroder=Rick Schroder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Hubert_Reinkens=Joseph Hubert Reinkens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignaz_von_D%C3%B6llinger=Ignaz von Döllinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hope-Scott=James Robert Hope-Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Heinrich_Reusch=Franz Heinrich Reusch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macaulay_Culkin=Macaulay Culkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Forbes_Ren%C3%A9_de_Montalembert=Charles de Montalembert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Marheineke=Philipp Konrad Marheineke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Mai=Angelo Mai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Henri_Lacordaire=Jean-Baptiste Henri Lacordaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Drouet_(French_revolutionary)=Jean-Baptiste Drouet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugues_Felicit%C3%A9_Robert_de_Lamennais=Félicité de La Mennais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_H._Sununu=John H. Sununu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Casaubon=Isaac Casaubon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rich,_2nd_Earl_of_Warwick=Robert Rich, II conte di Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amory_Lovins=Amory Lovins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Vereen=Ben Vereen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Le_Bon=Simon Le Bon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiminy_Cricket=Grillo Parlante (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Oldman=Gary Oldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Hannah=Jack Hannah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Mills=Heather Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Dafoe=Willem Dafoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Fisher=Gary Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Zemeckis=Robert Zemeckis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Child_of_La_Guardia=Niño de La Guardia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom%C3%A1s_de_Torquemada=Tomás de Torquemada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_de_Bohun=Maria di Bohun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Terry=Ellen Terry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Leung_Chiu-Wai=Tony Leung Chiu-Wai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Bohr=Christian Bohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_Bigelow=Kathryn Bigelow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Speransky=Michail Michajlovič Speranskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Brendon=Nicholas Brendon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Caulfield=Emma Caulfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Marsters=James Marsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hale_Boggs=Hale Boggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Smyrnaeus=Quinto Smirneo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Knight_(publisher)=Charles Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Kuzmin=Michail Alekseevič Kuzmin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Chalmers=Alexander Chalmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Vinci=Leonardo Vinci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Salemi=Joseph Salemi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Nikolaus_Forkel=Johann Nikolaus Forkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Burney=Charles Burney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filippino_Lippi=Filippino Lippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Leo=Leonardo Leo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Ottavio_Pitoni=Giuseppe Ottavio Pitoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Villiers_Stanford=Charles Villiers Stanford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Durante=Francesco Durante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Adolph_Hasse=Johann Adolf Hasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabella_Churchill_(royal_mistress)=Arabella Churchill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Geminiani=Francesco Geminiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Pasquini=Bernardo Pasquini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niccol%C3%B2_Jommelli=Niccolò Jommelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Martini=Giovanni Battista Martini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Francis_Hylan=John Francis Hylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriarch_Nikon_of_Moscow=Nikon (patriarca di Mosca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Bellini=Jacopo Bellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentile_Bellini=Gentile Bellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_II_Gonzaga,_Marquess_of_Mantua=Francesco II Gonzaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_II_Gonzaga,_Duke_of_Mantua=Federico II Gonzaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludovico_III_Gonzaga,_Marquis_of_Mantua=Ludovico II Gonzaga, marchese di Mantova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Eggar=Samantha Eggar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Hartman=Elizabeth Hartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_II_da_Montefeltro=Federico II da Montefeltro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Squarcione=Francesco Squarcione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Redgrave=Lynn Redgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avvakum=Avvakum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Waitzkin=Joshua Waitzkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Moorer=Michael Moorer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_de_Salzmann=Jeanne de Salzmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Smyth=Ethel Smyth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_O'Keefe=Dennis O'Keefe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_R%C3%BCckert=Friedrich Rückert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hallam=Henry Hallam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_Seattle=Capo Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizzie_Borden=Lizzie Borden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_della_Robbia=Luca della Robbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosimo_de'_Medici=Cosimo de' Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Pollak=Otto Pollak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_al-Muqri=Muhammad al-Muqri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wood_(historian)=Michael Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Mayer_(philanthropist)=Robert Mayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynne_Cheney=Lynne Cheney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Muir=John Muir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Hull=Josephine Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Brook=Peter Brook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bennett=William Bennett (politico statunitense 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonin_Artaud=Antonin Artaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnaeus_Cornelius_Scipio_Calvus=Gneo Cornelio Scipione Calvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Cornelius_Scipio_Asiaticus=Lucio Cornelio Scipione Asiatico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._D._Ouspensky=Pëtr Dem'janovič Uspenskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_G._Bennett=John Godolphin Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_de_Hartmann=Thomas de Hartmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd_Al-Rahman_Al-Gillani=Abd al-Rahman al-Kaylani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiawatha=Hiawatha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usher_(entertainer)=Usher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_the_Unfortunate=Piero il Fatuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Janssonius=Johannes Janssonius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_di_Bicci_de'_Medici=Giovanni di Bicci de' Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Augustus_Holyoke=Edward Augustus Holyoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Stamp=Terence Stamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lil'_Kim=Kim Ji-woon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hue=Robert Hue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isao_Takahata=Isao Takahata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-Tek=Hi-Tek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Weinberg_(psychologist)=George Weinberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Conrad=Tony Conrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryher=Bryher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Malleson=Miles Malleson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Rubin=Jerry Rubin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Mabus=Raymond Edwin Mabus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_DeLay=Tom DeLay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsha_Blackburn=Marsha Blackburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Borg=Anita Borg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Marie_Saint=Eva Marie Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Beach=Sylvia Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Roerich=Nikolaj Konstantinovič Rerich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devika_Rani=Devika Rani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Bird_Johnson=Lady Bird Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnentius=Magnenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobey_Baker=Hobey Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_Hamza_Zubeidi=Muhammad Hamza al-Zubaydi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabawi_Ibrahim_al-Tikriti=Sabawi Ibrahim al-Tikriti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Merrick=David Merrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewald_Christian_von_Kleist=Ewald Christian von Kleist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wilhelm_Ludwig_Gleim=Johann Wilhelm Ludwig Gleim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Hoffmann=Friedrich Hoffmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Gottlieb_Klopstock=Friedrich Gottlieb Klopstock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colley_Cibber=Colley Cibber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cecil_Pigou=Arthur Cecil Pigou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Draper=John Thomas Draper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Holt_(educator)=John Caldwell Holt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susannah_Maria_Cibber=Susannah Maria Arne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arnold=Thomas Arnold (teologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%BCrgen_Trittin=Jürgen Trittin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Veneziano=Domenico Veneziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_del_Castagno=Andrea del Castagno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Ornstein=Leo Ornstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orcagna=Orcagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bea_Arthur=Bea Arthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Danson=Ted Danson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Demjanjuk=John Demjanjuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Westphal=Paul Westphal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Rudbeckius=Johannes Rudbeckius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Brehm=Alfred Edmund Brehm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Garc%C3%ADa_Guti%C3%A9rrez=Antonio García Gutiérrez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Eugenio_Hartzenbusch=Juan Eugenio Hartzenbusch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Ruiz_de_Alarc%C3%B3n=Juan Ruiz de Alarcón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirso_de_Molina=Tirso de Molina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Hitchcock=Patricia Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Reville=Alma Reville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Owen=David Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_T._Akerman=Amos Tappan Akerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Said_Musa=Said Musa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janusz_Korczak=Janusz Korczak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Beveridge=William Beveridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susannah_York=Susannah York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_IV,_King_of_the_Romans=Ferdinando IV del Sacro Romano Impero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geena_Davis=Geena Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyan_Cannon=Dyan Cannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zebulon_Pike=Zebulon Pike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnie_Driver=Minnie Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Short=Nigel Short
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Cusack=Joan Cusack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Evans=Edith Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Ricci=Christina Ricci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_MacGraw=Ali MacGraw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Alexander=Jane Alexander (attrice 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Snodgress=Carrie Snodgress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Gallo=Vincent Gallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Stone=Peter Stone (sceneggiatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Pivarunas=Mark Pivarunas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Dolan=Daniel Dolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Grey,_1st_Viscount_Grey_of_Fallodon=Edward Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Schneider=Rob Schneider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bradford_(Attorney_General)=William Bradford (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lynch_(judge)=Charles Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Klaw=Irving Klaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Piefke=Johann Gottfried Piefke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Powell=Jane Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Delisle=Guillaume Delisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Du%C5%A1an_Makavejev=Dušan Makavejev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Asinius_Quadratus=Gaio Asinio Quadrato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Arden=Elizabeth Arden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Vailland=Roger Vailland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins=Johns Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsutomu_Shimomura=Tsutomu Shimomura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Morgan_(Bible_translator)=William Morgan (vescovo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bingham,_7th_Earl_of_Lucan=Richard Bingham, VII conte di Lucan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Stadler=Anton Stadler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gus_Van_Sant=Gus Van Sant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Henry=Matthew Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Pinsent=Matthew Pinsent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Hudson=Kate Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marisa_Tomei=Marisa Tomei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Davies=Marion Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chlo%C3%AB_Sevigny=Chloë Sevigny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriarch_Peter_VII_of_Alexandria=Pietro VII di Alessandria (ortodosso)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellery_Harding_Clark=Ellery Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Flack=Edwin Flack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonidas_Pyrgos=Leōnidas Pyrgos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Colonna=Francesco Colonna (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Overend=Edmund Overend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Kitano=Takeshi Kitano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sheraton=Thomas Sheraton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teia=Teia (re)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Bashir=Martin Bashir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabeer_Bhatia=Sabeer Bhatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grinling_Gibbons=Grinling Gibbons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Lantz=Walter Lantz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Lueger=Karl Lueger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_Benson=Amber Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hester_Thrale=Hester Lynch Piozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hecataeus_of_Miletus=Ecateo di Mileto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Perry=Luke Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauri_Ingman=Lauri Ingman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V%C3%A4in%C3%B6_Tanner=Väinö Tanner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimo_Cajander=Aimo Cajander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martti_Miettunen=Martti Miettunen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Mackenzie=Henry Mackenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Dundas,_1st_Viscount_Melville=Henry Dundas, I visconte Melville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuri_al-Said=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Bartolozzi=Francesco Bartolozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Schiavonetti=Luigi Schiavonetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucia_Elizabeth_Vestris=Madame Vestris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enguerrand_de_Monstrelet=Enguerrand de Monstrelet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Wilhelm_Ramler=Karl Wilhelm Ramler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_F%C3%BCrchtegott_Gellert=Christian Fürchtegott Gellert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_von_Hagedorn=Friedrich von Hagedorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Joachim_Eschenburg=Johann Joachim Eschenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeane_Kirkpatrick=Jeane Kirkpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xie_Jun=Xie Jun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Corday=Charlotte Corday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Dominicus_Fiorillo=Johann Dominicus Fiorillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Nepomuk_Maelzel=Johann Nepomuk Mälzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Raphael_Mengs=Anton Raphael Mengs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambologna=Giambologna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabre_d'%C3%89glantine=Fabre d'Églantine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Guastavino=Carlos Guastavino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Lachenmann=Helmut Lachenmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Blackstone=William Blackstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Russell=Kurt Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashid_Ali_al-Gaylani=Rashid Ali al-Kaylani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Mathews=Charles Mathews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_O'Connor_Terry=Edward O'Connor Terry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Farren=William Farren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Planquette=Robert Planquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_North,_Lord_North=Frederick North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Lous_Lange=Christian Lous Lange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Colman_the_Elder=George Colman il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Colman_the_Younger=George Colman il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Kean=Edmund Kean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta,_Lady_Gregory=Augusta Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Georges_Noverre=Jean-Georges Noverre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Monaco=Lorenzo Monaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niccol%C3%B2_Piccinni=Niccolò Piccinni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Louis_Ginguen%C3%A9=Pierre-Louis Ginguené
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Tiraboschi=Girolamo Tiraboschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_Signorelli=Luca Signorelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Massinger=Philip Massinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Pryor=Mark Pryor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Blair_(poet)=Robert Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Austin_Dobson=Henry Austin Dobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Fierstein=Harvey Fierstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Luria=Isaac ben Solomon Luria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Galway=James Galway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Kline=Kevin Kline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Le_Mat=Paul Le Mat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Aemilius_Paullus_(consul_219_BC)=Lucio Emilio Paolo (console 219 a.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Scriabin=Aleksandr Nikolaevič Skrjabin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elias_L%C3%B6nnrot=Elias Lönnrot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Pisano=Andrea Pisano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanni_di_Banco=Nanni di Banco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Priestley=Jason Priestley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gakury%C5%AB_Ishii=Gakuryū Ishii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Ziering=Ian Ziering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geronimo=Geronimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deng_Yingchao=Deng Yingchao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Fran%C3%A7ois_Marmontel=Jean-François Marmontel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Gr%C3%A9try=André Grétry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal_de_Rohan=Louis-René-Édouard de Rohan-Guéménée
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bewick=Thomas Bewick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Marc,_comte_de_Montmorin=Armand Marc de Montmorin-Saint-Hérem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Siddons=Sarah Siddons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorvald_Stoltenberg=Thorvald Stoltenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Home=Stewart Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Juliette_Louvet=Marie-Juliette Louvet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hinckley,_Jr.=John Hinckley Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Forrestal=James Vincent Forrestal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamal_Haasan=Kamal Haasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taha_al-Hashimi=Taha al-Hashimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mani_Ratnam=Mani Ratnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Lowe=Rob Lowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ta_Mok=Ta Mok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Dunnigan=Jim Dunnigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toru_Takemitsu=Tōru Takemitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasquale_Paoli=Pasquale Paoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Cunningham_(author)=Allan Cunningham (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Guillain=Georges Guillain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Leggatt_Chantrey=Francis Legatt Chantrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Moffat_(author)=James Moffat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Daly=Marcus Daly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Kosler=Peter Kozler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_Paret=Benny Paret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Jones=James Warren Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_W._Snow=John William Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cusack=John Cusack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akkineni_Nageswara_Rao=Akkineni Nageswara Rao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ari_Behn=Ari Behn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassiodorus=Cassiodoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Wilde=Jane Francesca Elgee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Richardson=Jerome Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_C._Gillette=King Camp Gillette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hollingworth=Peter Hollingworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Suzman=Janet Suzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Gish=Dorothy Gish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Holmgren=David Holmgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Boscawen=Edward Boscawen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Opie=Amelia Opie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Christoph_Oetinger=Friedrich Christoph Oetinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_Swedenborg=Emanuel Swedenborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Pfitzner=Hans Pfitzner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mason=George Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yi_Sun-sin=Yi Sun-sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Tenet=George Tenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Carter_(screenwriter)=Chris Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Danes=Claire Danes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Nunn=Trevor Nunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Akenside=Mark Akenside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Schmidt=Eric Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melchiore_Cesarotti=Melchiorre Cesarotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Macpherson=James Macpherson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albertina_Sisulu=Albertina Sisulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Ward_Howe=Julia Ward Howe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Young_(agriculturist)=Arthur Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Jarvis=Anna Jarvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Bridger=Jim Bridger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wanamaker=John Wanamaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possum_Bourne=Possum Bourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_Smartt_Bell=Madison Smartt Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_Evans=Walker Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Allan_(painter)=David Allan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Wilkie_(artist)=David Wilkie (pittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fergusson=Robert Fergusson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Runciman=Alexander Runciman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_of_St._Germain=Conte di Saint-Germain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Snell=Hannah Snell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Szenes=Hannah Szenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Abagnale=Frank Abagnale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89mile_Gall%C3%A9=Émile Gallé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsha_Mason=Marsha Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cicely_Tyson=Cicely Tyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie_Garth=Jennie Garth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diahann_Carroll=Diahann Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Perrine=Valerie Perrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Carteris=Gabrielle Carteris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Austin_Green=Brian Austin Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mino_da_Fiesole=Mino da Fiesole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Fletcher=Louise Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Iacocca=Lee Iacocca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_di_Cosimo=Piero di Cosimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gena_Rowlands=Gena Rowlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann-Margret=Ann-Margret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Christine_Barrault=Marie-Christine Barrault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talia_Shire=Talia Shire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Channing=Carol Channing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Clayburgh=Jill Clayburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kendall_Thaw=Harry Kendall Thaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Nesbit=Evelyn Nesbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Chinmoy=Sri Chinmoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Launceston_Elliot=Launceston Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Lamour=Dorothy Lamour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Wanamaker=Sam Wanamaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Grodin=Charles Grodin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Blair=Hugh Blair (ministro scozzese)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ferguson_(minister)=Robert Ferguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peg_Woffington=Margaret Woffington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin_Daly=Augustin Daly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Forbes_(New_Zealand_politician)=George Forbes (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_James_Child=Francis James Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Black=Conrad Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_J._Peter=Laurence Peter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nora_Ephron=Nora Ephron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_van_Rossum=Guido van Rossum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Day_(publisher)=Benjamin Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rene_Russo=Rene Russo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Harryhausen=Ray Harryhausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chucho_Castillo=Chucho Castillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._M._Trevelyan=George Macaulay Trevelyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Kingsford_Smith=Charles Kingsford Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minamoto_no_Yoshitsune=Minamoto no Yoshitsune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Messerschmitt=Willy Messerschmitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Nunes=Pedro Nunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oda_Nobuyuki=Oda Nobuyuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaus_Otto=Nikolaus August Otto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Reade=Charles Reade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Eliot_Norton=Charles Eliot Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Christoph_Dahlmann=Friedrich Christoph Dahlmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Schuman=William Schuman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Lacombe_(painter)=Georges Lacombe (pittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petter_Solberg=Petter Solberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Seyss-Inquart=Arthur Seyss-Inquart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_Hussey=Olivia Hussey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Sullivan=Anne Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Zweig=Arnold Zweig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Mintzberg=Henry Mintzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Neander=Joachim Neander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Welch=Jack Welch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan_Vukcevich=Milan Vukčević
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stack=Robert Stack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Stanley_(director)=Richard Stanley (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luciano_Pavarotti=Luciano Pavarotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gisela_of_Burgundy=Gisella di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_II,_Duke_of_Bavaria=Enrico II di Baviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aulus_Cremutius_Cordus=Cremuzio Cordo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Radcliffe=Paula Radcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_von_Treitschke=Heinrich von Treitschke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Arnauld=Antoine Arnauld (teologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Nicole=Pierre Nicole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Brown_(philosopher)=Thomas Brown (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Garlits=Don Garlits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Herbert=George Herbert (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Handler=Ruth Handler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Vaughn=Robert Vaughn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Trimble=David Trimble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Julius_Angerstein=John Julius Angerstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Stubbs=George Stubbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Field_(composer)=John Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Thomas_Beckford=William Beckford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessie_Matthews=Jessie Matthews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Greville_(diarist)=Charles Greville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gascoigne=George Gascoigne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Barth=Karl Barth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Mackenzie_(explorer)=Alexander Mackenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vuk_Stefanovi%C4%87_Karad%C5%BEi%C4%87=Vuk Stefanović Karadžić
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyndon_LaRouche=Lyndon LaRouche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Stilo=Nicola Stilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Fairbanks,_Jr.=Douglas Fairbanks Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phan_Thi_Kim_Phuc=Kim Phúc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Cochran=Jacqueline Cochran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Hudd=Roy Hudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallulah_Bankhead=Tallulah Bankhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bowles=Paul Bowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rensis_Likert=Rensis Likert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shozo_Shimamoto=Shōzō Shimamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Daub=Karl Daub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Karl_Friedrich_Rosenkranz=Johann Karl Friedrich Rosenkranz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Houtermans=Fritz Houtermans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Philipp_Gabler=Johann Philipp Gabler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Eduard_Erdmann=Johann Eduard Erdmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Sheehan=Neil Sheehan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Julius_Holtzmann=Heinrich Julius Holtzmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Hildesheimer=Wolfgang Hildesheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Ewald_Stier=Rudolf Ewald Stier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Romero=John Romero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_McLaren=Norman McLaren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sepp_Kerschbaumer=Sepp Kerschbaumer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredrik_Pacius=Fredrik Pacius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanya_Streeter=Tanya Streeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_K._Merton=Robert K. Merton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_Issigonis=Alec Issigonis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Leigh=Janet Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Mirren=Helen Mirren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Young=Edward Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartmann_von_Aue=Hartmann von Aue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Shaw_(naval_officer)=John Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natacha_Rambova=Natacha Rambova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petar_II_Petrovi%C4%87-Njego%C5%A1=Petar II Petrović-Njegoš
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_D'Onofrio=Vincent D'Onofrio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_of_Cremona=Gherardo da Cremona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wat_Tyler=Wat Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Harroun=Ray Harroun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Allingham=William Allingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicias=Nicia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Augustus_Freeman=Edward Augustus Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleon=Cleone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasidas=Brasida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Teitelbaum=Joel Teitelbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_ibn_Daud=Abraham ibn Dawud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspasia=Aspasia di Mileto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Lombardo=Guy Lombardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Casanova=Giacomo Casanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenzing_Norgay=Tenzing Norgay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_of_Blois=Pierre de Blois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Michelotti=Giovanni Michelotti (designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Perrers=Alice Perrers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Brougham,_1st_Baron_Brougham_and_Vaux=Henry Brougham, I barone Brougham e Vaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitrios_Gounaris=Dīmītrios Gounarīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Boleyn,_Viscountess_Rochford=Jane Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Tomasi_di_Lampedusa=Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salome=Salomè (figlia di Erodiade)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shekhar_Kapur=Shekhar Kapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Lee=Sidney Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Comfort=Alex Comfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imogen_Cunningham=Imogen Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Foss=Chris Foss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Bennett=Tony Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Heber=Richard Heber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fechter=Charles Fechter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Autran=Joseph Autran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aram_Khachaturian=Aram Il'ič Chačaturjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lamb=Charles Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Dubois=Jacobus Sylvius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Szebehely=Victor Szebehely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_von_Sachs=Julius Sachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Knox=Henry Knox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hart_Milman=Henry Hart Milman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Lanzmann=Claude Lanzmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Haraway=Donna Haraway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzysztof_Zanussi=Krzysztof Zanussi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Wogan=Terry Wogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Ignaz_Franz_Biber=Heinrich Ignaz Franz Biber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Kim=Sandra Kim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_del_Pollaiolo=Piero del Pollaiolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desiderio_da_Settignano=Desiderio da Settignano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Perry=Matthew Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Carrillo=Fernando Carrillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debra_Monk=Debra Monk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bigelow=John Bigelow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Gridley=Richard Gridley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeo_Eustachi=Bartolomeo Eustachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Filippo_Ingrassia=Gianfilippo Ingrassia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Fernel=Jean Fernel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bronstein=David Ionovič Bronštejn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Guldin=Paolo Guldino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alf_Poier=Alf Poier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cavendish,_2nd_Duke_of_Devonshire=William Cavendish, II duca di Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Caesar_Aranzi=Giulio Cesare Aranzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cavendish,_3rd_Duke_of_Devonshire=William Cavendish, III duca di Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cavendish,_6th_Duke_of_Devonshire=William Cavendish, VI duca di Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cavendish,_7th_Duke_of_Devonshire=William Cavendish, VII duca di Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Cavendish,_8th_Duke_of_Devonshire=Spencer Cavendish, VIII duca di Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Cavendish,_9th_Duke_of_Devonshire=Victor Cavendish, IX duca di Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Cavendish,_10th_Duke_of_Devonshire=Edward Cavendish, X duca di Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Howard,_2nd_Duke_of_Norfolk=Thomas Howard, II duca di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Howard,_3rd_Duke_of_Norfolk=Thomas Howard, III duca di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Howard,_4th_Duke_of_Norfolk=Thomas Howard, IV duca di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gottschalk=Thomas Gottschalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bandler=Richard Bandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Rajagopalachari=Chakravarthi Rajagopalachari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valmiki=Vālmīki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashikaga_Yoshiteru=Ashikaga Yoshiteru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Gyllenhielm=Carl Carlsson Gyllenhielm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Wrangel=Herman Wrangel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodo_zu_Innhausen_und_Knyphausen=Dodo zu Innhausen und Knyphausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesius_Bassus=Cesio Basso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Wilkins=Maurice Wilkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Clodius_Thrasea_Paetus=Publio Clodio Trasea Peto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Valerius_Probus=Marco Valerio Probo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_Hirschfeld=Magnus Hirschfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karmen_Stavec=Karmen Stavec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_August_Sandels=Johan August Sandels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palladas=Pallada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Annaeus_Cornutus=Lucio Anneo Cornuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvian=Salviano di Marsiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eutyches=Eutiche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilperic_II=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Mendes=Sam Mendes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Bell=Mary Bell (criminale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashikaga_Yoshimasa=Ashikaga Yoshimasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Loris-Melikov=Michail Tarielovič Loris-Melikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashikaga_Yoshikatsu=Ashikaga Yoshikatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Brod=Max Brod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phaedrus_(fabulist)=Fedro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babrius=Babrio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximus_Planudes=Massimo Planude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Fran%C3%A7ois_Boissonade_de_Fontarabie=Jean François Boissonade de Fontarabie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Neckam=Alexander Neckam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Pithou=Pierre Pithou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_August_Crusius=Christian August Crusius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughie_Green=Hughie Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_de_Sorbon=Robert de Sorbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Byrne=Gabriel Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Shaw=Fiona Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_Cardinale=Claudia Cardinale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonny_Lee_Miller=Jonny Lee Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anjelica_Huston=Anjelica Huston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_O'Hara=Maureen O'Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Keaton=Michael Keaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Berkley=Elizabeth Berkley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Chargaff=Erwin Chargaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Metzger=Gustav Metzger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Pankhurst=Sylvia Pankhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Sebastian_Welhaven=Johan Sebastian Welhaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Ribbeck=Otto Ribbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitri_Tiomkin=Dimitri Tiomkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Julius_Solinus=Gaio Giulio Solino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jada_Pinkett_Smith=Jada Pinkett Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Turner_Smith=Charlotte Turner Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomponius_Mela=Pomponio Mela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Gronovius=Johann Friedrich Gronov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raffaello_Fabretti=Raffaele Fabretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudius_Salmasius=Claudius Salmasius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_Mornay=Philippe Duplessis-Mornay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Terentius_Varro=Marco Terenzio Varrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristides_Quintilianus=Aristide Quintiliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Velleius_Paterculus=Velleio Patercolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrah_Fawcett=Farrah Fawcett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_la_Pole,_1st_Duke_of_Suffolk=William de la Pole, I duca di Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Behaim=Martin Behaim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Robbins=Anthony Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dag_Hammarskj%C3%B6ld=Dag Hammarskjöld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliza_Dushku=Eliza Dushku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Hortensius=Quinto Ortensio Ortalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_Labienus=Tito Labieno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Thomas_Howell=C. Thomas Howell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Lutatius_Catulus=Quinto Lutazio Catulo (console 102 a.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aulus_Gabinius=Aulo Gabinio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Kovic=Ron Kovic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Tati=Jacques Tati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Sue_Martin=Pamela Sue Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahavira=Mahavira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_O'Mara=Kate O'Mara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Meretzky=Steve Meretzky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timocharis=Timocari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salam_Pax=Salam Pax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Nagai=Gō Nagai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crispus=Crispo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Pawlenty=Tim Pawlenty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emile_Berliner=Emile Berliner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelina_Patti=Adelina Patti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Foster=Gloria Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Pisano=Nicola Pisano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Pisano=Giovanni Pisano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appius_Claudius_Caecus=Appio Claudio Cieco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocahontas=Pocahontas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megawati_Sukarnoputri=Megawati Sukarnoputri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_de_Gu%C3%A9rin=Maurice de Guérin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eug%C3%A9nie_de_Gu%C3%A9rin=Eugénie de Guérin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Blanc=Louis Blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Andrea_Pozzo_di_Borgo=Carlo Andrea Pozzo di Borgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Douglas,_5th_Earl_of_Selkirk=Thomas Douglas, V conte di Selkirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Cochrane=Archie Cochrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound,_1st_Earl_of_Minto=Gilbert Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound, I conte di Minto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verres=Gaio Licinio Verre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Calpurnius_Piso_Caesoninus_(consul_58_BC)=Lucio Calpurnio Pisone Cesonino (console 58 a.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Stassen=Harold Stassen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Rudolph=Eric Rudolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Stephenson=Pamela Stephenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_MacKay=Peter MacKay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Woolf=Leonard Woolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Camacho_(writer)=Jorge Camacho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Fran%C3%A7ois_Philippe_Brunck=Richard François Philippe Brunck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Gruter=Jan Gruter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Valerius_Flaccus=Gaio Valerio Flacco (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_von_Reumont=Alfred von Reumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Domenico_Guerrazzi=Francesco Domenico Guerrazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Montanelli=Giuseppe Montanelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_Confalonieri=Federico Confalonieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Auber=Daniel Auber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Giusti=Giuseppe Giusti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Whately=Kevin Whately
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Montgomery_Flagg=James Montgomery Flagg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_Roberts=Bartholomew Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadyattes=Sadiatte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_LaVey=Anton LaVey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Davis=Judy Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Anderson=Anna Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Conn=Billy Conn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Gr%C3%A4be=Carl Gräbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apolo_Ohno=Apolo Ohno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_de_Havilland=Geoffrey de Havilland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Appuleius_Saturninus=Lucio Apuleio Saturnino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jones_(mathematician)=William Jones (matematico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_Gilbert=Humphrey Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Watts=Isaac Watts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Boog_Leishman=William Boog Leishman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Thompson_(luthier)=Carl Thompson (liutaio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignatius_L._Donnelly=Ignatius Donnelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Ritter_von_Ghega=Carlo Ghega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Camus=Marcel Camus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzi_Quatro=Suzi Quatro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hugenberg=Alfred Hugenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Goodacre=Jill Goodacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Weber_(Swiss_politician)=Max Weber (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Meyer_(politician)=Albert Meyer (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meletius_of_Antioch=Melezio di Antiochia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Ladd=Diane Ladd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menas_of_Constantinople=Mena di Costantinopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Scholasticus=Giovanni III Scolastico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Warren=Marc Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Carrillo=Leo Carrillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_XIX=Papa Giovanni XIX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Hertenstein=Wilhelm Hertenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Forrer=Ludwig Forrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Hauser=Walter Hauser (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthimus_I_of_Constantinople=Antimo I di Costantinopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Toubon=Jacques Toubon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthe_Wilke=Birthe Wilke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Nero=Franco Nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludovico_Sforza=Ludovico il Moro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Scherer=Johann Jakob Scherer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Dubs=Jakob Dubs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Minger=Rudolf Minger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_Sforza=Massimiliano Sforza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Scheurer=Karl Scheurer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_St%C3%A4mpfli=Jakob Stämpfli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Covey=Stephen Covey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Drucker=Peter Drucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_Ochsenbein=Ulrich Ochsenbein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Deiss=Joseph Deiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Abraham=Spencer Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Dearborn=Henry Dearborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Lee_Loomis=Alfred Lee Loomis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Minucius_Felix=Marco Minucio Felice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Michael_Hall=Anthony Michael Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hannah_(actor)=John Hannah (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Field=Sally Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Brenner=Ernst Brenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Challet-Venel=Jean-Jacques Challet-Venel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Franscini=Stefano Franscini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Pioda=Giovanni Battista Pioda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Druey=Henri Druey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constant_Fornerod=Constant Fornerod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numa_Droz=Numa Droz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_C%C3%A9r%C3%A9sole=Paul Cérésole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien_Lachenal=Adrien Lachenal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Comtesse=Robert Comtesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Calonder=Felix Calonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Baumann=Johannes Baumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_H%C3%A4berlin=Heinrich Häberlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Lepori=Giuseppe Lepori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trygve_Lie=Trygve Lie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Blake_(actor)=Robert Blake (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willi_Ritschard=Willi Ritschard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiahou_Dun=Xiahou Dun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Zemp=Josef Zemp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guan_Yu=Guan Yu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simeon_Bavier=Simeon Bavier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shulamit_Ran=Shulamit Ran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunpei_Yokoi=Gunpei Yokoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Scholl=Hans Scholl (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Huber=Kurt Huber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Scholl=Sophie Scholl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongkut=Mongkut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Stiller=Jerry Stiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Meara=Anne Meara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Heer=Joachim Heer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Munzinger=Josef Munzinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Kopp=Elisabeth Kopp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Friedrich=Rudolf Friedrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Decoppet=Camille Decoppet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Ruchonnet=Louis Ruchonnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Chuard=Ernest Chuard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Matthias_Naeff=Wilhelm Matthias Naeff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linus_Roache=Linus Roache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Trist=Eric Trist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avie_Tevanian=Avie Tevanian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Im_Kwon-taek=Im Kwon-taek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Cantor=Eddie Cantor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalynn_Carter=Rosalynn Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Hallstein=Walter Hallstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Adams=Don Adams (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry-Thomas=Terry-Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrich_Focke=Henrich Focke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Harper=Stephen Harper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Cao=Cáo Cāo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Miles=Tony Miles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erkki_Tuomioja=Erkki Tuomioja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Bunton=Emma Bunton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Edson=Franklin Edson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvester_McCoy=Sylvester McCoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Fran%C3%A7ois_Lyotard=Jean-François Lyotard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ant%C3%B4nio_Carlos_Gomes=Antônio Carlos Gomes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Williams_(actor)=John Williams (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Williams_(missionary)=John Williams (missionario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Kessel=Joseph Kessel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_von_Harnack=Adolf von Harnack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Junkers=Hugo Junkers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma,_Lady_Hamilton=Emma Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Quinctilius_Varus=Publio Quintilio Varo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Romijn=Rebecca Romijn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Henri_Mallet=Paul Henri Mallet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Botvinnik=Michail Botvinnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_McShane=Luke McShane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Planer=Nigel Planer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berenguer_Ramon_II,_Count_of_Barcelona=Berengario Raimondo II di Barcellona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_Berenguer_III,_Count_of_Barcelona=Raimondo Berengario III di Barcellona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_Berenguer_II,_Count_of_Barcelona=Raimondo Berengario II di Barcellona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_Berenguer_I,_Count_of_Barcelona=Raimondo Berengario I di Barcellona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debra_Winger=Debra Winger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Westheimer=Ruth Westheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roshan_Seth=Roshan Seth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrish_Puri=Amrish Puri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philolaus=Filolao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Backus=Jim Backus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theda_Bara=Theda Bara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Walston=Ray Walston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Bianchi=Kenneth Bianchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Corigliano=John Corigliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Roxy_Rothafel=Samuel Roxy Rothafel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Valerius_Corvus=Marco Valerio Corvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lara_Flynn_Boyle=Lara Flynn Boyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Woodward=Bob Woodward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Bazin=André Bazin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julianne_Moore=Julianne Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Pink=Arthur Pink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Gallagher_(cartoonist)=Fred Gallagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Woodville,_2nd_Earl_Rivers=Antonio Woodville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menkaure=Micerino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Whitehouse=Mary Whitehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Peet=Bill Peet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Speight=George Speight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Sulpicius_Galba_Maximus=Publio Sulpicio Galba Massimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Nicolas_Billaud-Varenne=Jacques Nicolas Billaud-Varenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Basehart=Richard Basehart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Sulpicius_Rufus=Publio Sulpicio Rufo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Trippe=Juan Trippe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Waterhouse=John William Waterhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsunaga_Hisahide=Matsunaga Hisahide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron_De_La_Beckwith=Byron De La Beckwith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%A1szl%C3%B3_B%C3%ADr%C3%B3=László Bíró
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_Lasker=Emanuel Lasker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Criswell=Kim Criswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Blondell=Joan Blondell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Greenstreet=Sydney Greenstreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraint_Wyn_Davies=Geraint Wyn Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Montagu,_4th_Earl_of_Sandwich=John Montagu, IV conte di Sandwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Hartnett=Josh Hartnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Walker=Paul Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Pi=Cao Pi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Grey,_1st_Marquess_of_Dorset=Thomas Grey, I marchese di Dorset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khafra=Chefren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_Stafford,_1st_Duke_of_Buckingham=Humphrey Stafford, I duca di Buckingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Corrigan=Michael Augustine Corrigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McCloskey=John McCloskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hughes_(archbishop_of_New_York)=John Joseph Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie-Anne_Moss=Carrie-Anne Moss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Collot_d'Herbois=Collot d'Herbois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moschus=Mosco (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Heinrich_Ludolf_Ahrens=Heinrich Ludolf Ahrens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponce_Denis_%C3%89couchard_Lebrun=Ponce-Denis Écouchard-Lebrun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Zhi=Cao Zhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Smyslov=Vasilij Vasil'evič Smyslov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper_Maskelyne=Jasper Maskelyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carroll_O'Connor=Carroll O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Hawke,_1st_Baron_Hawke=Edward Hawke, I barone Hawke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_Bergen=Polly Bergen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Cassel=Vincent Cassel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McCrae=John McCrae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Kirkland=Sally Kirkland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Inge=William Inge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondino_de_Liuzzi=Mondino dei Liuzzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourteen_Holy_Helpers=Santi ausiliatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Carter=Elliott Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_%C3%81lvares_Cabral=Pedro Álvares Cabral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Carlucci=Frank Carlucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Phillippe=Ryan Phillippe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hume_Cronyn=Hume Cronyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Martyrs=Santi martiri canadesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Nasmyth=Alexander Nasmyth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamoral,_Count_of_Egmont=Lamoral di Egmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johanna_Sinisalo=Johanna Sinisalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Lind=Jenny Lind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Daguerre=Louis Daguerre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dash_Mihok=Dash Mihok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Monaghan=Dominic Monaghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Neville,_5th_Earl_of_Salisbury=Richard Neville, V conte di Salisbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Keel=John Keel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Music=Lorenzo Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Neville,_1st_Marquess_of_Montagu=John Neville, I marchese di Montagu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Percy,_1st_Earl_of_Worcester=Thomas Percy, I conte di Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Lee_Jones=Tommy Lee Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menippus=Menippo di Gadara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Routledge=Patricia Routledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Hopton,_1st_Baron_Hopton=Ralph Hopton, I barone Hopton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Liao=Zhang Liao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_MacArthur=James MacArthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Hayashibara=Megumi Hayashibara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary_Kennedy=Rosemary Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corey_Haim=Corey Haim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Beurling=George Beurling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duane_Chapman=Duane Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiner_Knizia=Reiner Knizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Herbert=Victor Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Franklin_Rutherford=Joseph Franklin Rutherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Secord=Laura Secord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Hongzhang=Li Hongzhang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Beaufort,_3rd_Duke_of_Somerset=Henry Beaufort, III duca di Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Harris_Jones=Mary Harris Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_Haodong=Lu Haodong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Braine=John Braine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina_Gershon=Gina Gershon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Burnett=Carol Burnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sen_no_Riky%C5%AB=Sen no Rikyū
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Adleman=Leonard Adleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keira_Knightley=Keira Knightley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_XI_of_Sweden=Erik XI di Svezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Claude_Amour,_marquis_de_Bouill%C3%A9=François Claude de Bouillé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Adamski=George Adamski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Lisa=Manuel Lisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Apgar=Virginia Apgar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Ridley_(martyr)=Nicholas Ridley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvester_Graham=Sylvester Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Siddal=Elizabeth Siddal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consuelo_Vanderbilt=Consuelo Vanderbilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Kucinich=Dennis Kucinich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hastings,_1st_Baron_Hastings=William Hastings, I barone Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clovis_II=Clodoveo II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustache_Deschamps=Eustache Deschamps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Karina=Anna Karina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cl%C3%A9ment=Jacques Clément
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_George_Ward=William George Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varro_Atacinus=Publio Terenzio Varrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenelm_Digby=Kenelm Digby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Ramsey=Alexander Ramsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Boulton=Matthew Boulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Roebuck=John Roebuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Doddridge=Philip Doddridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Holland,_3rd_Duke_of_Exeter=Henry Holland, III duca di Exeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rez%C4%81_Sh%C4%81h=Reza Shah Pahlavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Chandler_Haliburton=Thomas Chandler Haliburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Lavisse=Ernest Lavisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picander=Christian Friedrich Henrici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricki_Lake=Ricki Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Lawson=Maggie Lawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Bernhard_Bach=Johann Gottfried Bernhard Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christoph_Friedrich_Bach=Johann Christoph Friedrich Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Friedemann_Bach=Wilhelm Friedemann Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christian_Bach=Johann Christian Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Grove=George Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Des%C3%A8ze=Raymond de Sèze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Alford=Henry Alford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri-Alexandre_Wallon=Henri-Alexandre Wallon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ars%C3%A8ne_Darmesteter=Arsène Darmesteter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Paris=Gaston Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Br%C3%A9al=Michel Bréal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Christian_Diez=Friedrich Christian Diez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilles_M%C3%A9nage=Gilles Ménage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Fran%C3%A7ois_Paul_de_Gondi=Jean-François Paul de Gondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_B._Kellogg=Frank Kellogg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Schwegler=Albert Schwegler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Dyson=Esther Dyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Dando=Jill Dando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fra_Dolcino=Fra Dolcino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_de_Vere,_Duke_of_Ireland=Robert de Vere, duca d'Irlanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Olivi=Pietro di Giovanni Olivi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_de_Vere,_13th_Earl_of_Oxford=John de Vere, XIII conte di Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_B%C3%B6hm=Karl Böhm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Brant=Joseph Brant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Davis=Colin Davis (direttore d'orchestra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_von_Karajan=Herbert von Karajan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eochu_Airem=Eochaid Airem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Lowe=Arthur Lowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vita_Sackville-West=Vita Sackville-West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dow=Charles Dow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuji_Hyakutake=Yuji Hyakutake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionne_Brand=Dionne Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bringhurst=Robert Bringhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Else_Alfelt=Else Alfelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Grimshaw=Walter Grimshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zola_Budd=Zola Budd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Davids=Edgar Davids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollo_May=Rollo May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Andr%C3%A9=Maurice André
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osceola=Osceola (capo seminole)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Poitiers=Guglielmo IX d'Aquitania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerty_Cori=Gerty Theresa Cori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Cantelli=Guido Cantelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_of_Cesena=Michele da Cesena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Herer=Jack Herer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Howells=Herbert Howells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbain_Grandier=Urbain Grandier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%A9o_Malet=Léo Malet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Naranjo=Claudio Naranjo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamo_Thornycroft=William Hamo Thornycroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algernon_Sidney=Algernon Sidney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Merle=Robert Merle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhonen_Vasquez=Jhonen Vasquez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_V=Costantino V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Friedan=Betty Friedan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haruhiko_Mikimoto=Haruhiko Mikimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Farr=William Farr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Leh%C3%A1r=Franz Lehár
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Thatcher=Denis Thatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_McGraw=Phil McGraw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_VI=Costantino VI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Rogallo=Francis Rogallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_Adamson=Joy Adamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Kenny=Tom Kenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_Dini=Dino Dini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amenhotep_III=Amenofi III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Huskisson=William Huskisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Elliott_Clarke=George Elliott Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Hall_(actor)=Albert Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demchugdongrub=Demchugdongrub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Whittaker_(video_game_composer)=David Whittaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_of_Villehardouin=Goffredo di Villehardouin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Housman=Laurence Housman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Spohr=Louis Spohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._C._R._Licklider=Joseph Licklider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Kasyanov=Michail Michajlovič Kas'janov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Antoine_de_Bougainville=Louis-Antoine de Bougainville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Grainger=Percy Grainger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZaSu_Pitts=ZaSu Pitts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Fufius_Calenus=Quinto Fufio Caleno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Joseph=Richard Joseph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellie_Melba=Nellie Melba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Vieuxtemps=Henri Vieuxtemps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_True=Rachel True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Glinka=Michail Ivanovič Glinka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Glazunov=Aleksandr Konstantinovič Glazunov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudy_Rucker=Rudy Rucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_McNealy=Scott MacNealy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fra_Diavolo=Fra Diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Rode=Pierre Rode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Philip_Randolph=Asa Philip Randolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Chao=Rosalind Chao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_Flacius=Mattia Flacio Illirico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Udall=Nicholas Udall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Spungen=Nancy Spungen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_McLain_Rusk=Jeremiah McLain Rusk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_M._La_Follette,_Sr.=Robert M. La Follette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zodiac_Killer=Killer dello Zodiaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_G._Carroll=Leo G. Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascual_Cervera_y_Topete=Pascual Cervera y Topete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Auguste_de_B%C3%A9riot=Charles Auguste de Bériot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Tunney=Robin Tunney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janosch=Janosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhold_Messner=Reinhold Messner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isidor_Gunsberg=Isidor Gunsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Johnston_(composer)=Ben Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_J._Turner=Walter J. Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Turner_Palgrave=Francis Turner Palgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Campbell_Shairp=John Campbell Shairp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Traherne=Thomas Traherne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Murphy_(writer)=Arthur Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Michael_Hayes=John Michael Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Hoffa=Jimmy Hoffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Reeves=George Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kluge=John Kluge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Tallis=Thomas Tallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Earle_Haley=Jackie Earle Haley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_von_Aachen=Hans von Aachen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herodias=Erodiade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Varney=Jim Varney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_Hackett=Buddy Hackett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Brossolette=Pierre Brossolette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Trepper=Leopold Trepper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Trachtenberg=Michelle Trachtenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemming_of_Denmark=Hemming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajendra_K._Pachauri=Rajendra Pachauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Eavis=Michael Eavis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Shields=James Shields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Windom=William Windom (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Brant=Henry Brant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivor_Gurney=Ivor Gurney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Lemonnier=Camille Lemonnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Lloyd=Christopher Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geri_Halliwell=Geri Halliwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Handel_Richardson=Henry Handel Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peaches_(musician)=Peaches (musicista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Baekeland=Leo Baekeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecka_Liljeberg=Rebecka Liljeberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Dahlstr%C3%B6m=Alexandra Dahlström
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ireland_(composer)=John Ireland (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Kellerman=Jonathan Kellerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_de_Forest=Lee De Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Dewdney=Alexander Keewatin Dewdney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Little_Heath=Thomas Little Heath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollonius_of_Perga=Apollonio di Cizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipater=Antipatro (generale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandragupta_I=Candragupta Gupta I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Eyskens=Mark Eyskens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riothamus=Riotamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Thrale=Henry Thrale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Stafford,_3rd_Duke_of_Buckingham=Edward Stafford, III duca di Buckingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R%C3%A9jean_Ducharme=Réjean Ducharme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Shangkun=Yang Shangkun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Russell,_1st_Earl_of_Bedford=John Russell, I conte di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Maniakes=Giorgio Maniace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Frawley=William Frawley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Kane=Christian Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stokely_Carmichael=Stokely Carmichael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Regardie=Israel Regardie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Bei=Liu Bei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Procopius_(usurper)=Procopio (usurpatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demetrius_of_Phalerum=Demetrio Falereo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Williamson=Henry Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Witherspoon=John Witherspoon (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Rush=Benjamin Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Chuquet=Nicolas Chuquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Starr=Belle Starr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Slater=Christian Slater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcheline_Bertrand=Marcheline Bertrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selma_Blair=Selma Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Landau=Martin Landau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Girardon=François Girardon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Bigod,_1st_Earl_of_Norfolk=Hugh Bigod, I conte di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bigod,_4th_Earl_of_Norfolk=Roger Bigod, IV conte di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bigod,_5th_Earl_of_Norfolk=Roger Bigod, V conte di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alistair_MacLean=Alistair MacLean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Bacall=Lauren Bacall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lyndsay=David Lyndsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Upham=Charles Upham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Hewes=Joseph Hewes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Best=Ahmed Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_the_Strong=Roberto il Forte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Novak=Kim Novak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillip_E._Johnson=Phillip Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ione_Skye=Ione Skye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Parillaud=Anne Parillaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_the_Iron_Mask=Maschera di Ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_Wallace=Randall Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Elizabeth_Mastrantonio=Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatiana_Grigorieva=Tat'jana Grigor'eva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Saintsbury=George Saintsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dunbar=William Dunbar (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_John_Moeran=Ernest John Moeran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Heinkel=Ernst Heinkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspare_Spontini=Gaspare Spontini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pl%C3%A1cido_Domingo=Plácido Domingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lew_Rockwell=Lew Rockwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._W._Bullinger=Ethelbert William Bullinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Cass=Lewis Cass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Nelson=Jerry Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Wain=Louis Wain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Winchell=Paul Winchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_E._Huntington=Henry Huntington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Weyer=Johann Wier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Meres=Francis Meres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Ascham=Roger Ascham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxana=Rossane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Paget,_1st_Baron_Paget=William Paget, I barone Paget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_al-Bukhari=Bukhari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Mohammed_al-Maqqari=Al-Maqqari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Nawawi=Al-Nawawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ign%C3%A1c_Goldziher=Ignaz Goldziher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Devereux,_1st_Earl_of_Essex=Walter Devereux, I conte di Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Esprit_Radisson=Pierre-Esprit Radisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_de_Buade_de_Frontenac=Louis de Buade de Frontenac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansgar_Elde=Ansgar Elde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Gabrieli=Andrea Gabrieli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_E._Kelley=David E. Kelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanns_Eisler=Hanns Eisler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Price=Katie Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Lee_Ermey=R. Lee Ermey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_B=Melanie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dean_Anderson=Richard Dean Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade_Goody=Jade Goody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinua_Achebe=Chinua Achebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_Jodorowsky=Alejandro Jodorowsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd_al-Rahman_al-Sufi=Abd al-Rahmān al-Sūfi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Miller=Jonathan Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Anthelme_Brillat-Savarin=Anthelme Brillat-Savarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davina_McCall=Davina McCall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_de_Jong=Jacqueline de Jong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Menzies=Stewart Menzies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladan_and_Laleh_Bijani=Ladan e Laleh Bijani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasistratus=Erasistrato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois-Alphonse_Forel=François-Alphonse Forel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dermot_Morgan=Dermot Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giorgetto_Giugiaro=Giorgetto Giugiaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Mackintosh=Cameron Mackintosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tipper_Gore=Tipper Gore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chang_and_Eng_Bunker=Chang ed Eng Bunker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacco_and_Vanzetti=Sacco e Vanzetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Stein=Ben Stein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Anholt=Tony Anholt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernesto_Teodoro_Moneta=Ernesto Teodoro Moneta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector_Boece=Ettore Boezio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Armin=Robert Armin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Hammer=Armand Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas,_2nd_Earl_of_Lancaster=Tommaso Plantageneto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Harclay,_1st_Earl_of_Carlisle=Andrew Harclay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Barzun=Jacques Barzun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Henning=Doug Henning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Tate=Nick Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bradley=Henry Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Spira=Henry Spira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_of_Heisterbach=Cesario di Heisterbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazel_Scott=Hazel Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axeman_of_New_Orleans=L'uomo con l'ascia di New Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitrie_Sturdza=Dimitrie Sturdza-Miclăușanu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_K%C3%BCrten=Peter Kürten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Kroc=Ray Kroc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Day=Dorothy Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_A._Kennedy=David A. Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violeta_Chamorro=Violeta Barrios de Chamorro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jovinus=Giovino (usurpatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscus_Attalus=Prisco Attalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Millinder=Lucky Millinder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_E._Burger=Warren Earl Burger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Haining_Bates=Anna Haining Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lydgate=John Lydgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Johnston=Harry Johnston (esploratore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Tucker=Sophie Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cheke=John Cheke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seamus_Mallon=Seamus Mallon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartley_Shawcross,_Baron_Shawcross=Hartley Shawcross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Glass=Stephen Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bryce,_1st_Viscount_Bryce=James Bryce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Lilly=John Lilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telly_Savalas=Telly Savalas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shashi_Kapoor=Shashi Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kramer=Stanley Kramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olave_Baden-Powell=Olave Baden-Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christie_Brinkley=Christie Brinkley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Schily=Otto Schily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armin_Shimerman=Armin Shimerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Th%C3%A4lmann=Ernst Thälmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alastair_Campbell=Alastair Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Duckworth=Gerald Duckworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Clarkson=Jeremy Clarkson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bram_Cohen=Bram Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Gillies=Harold Gillies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_R._MacLeod=Ian R. MacLeod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caitlin_Wachs=Caitlin Wachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadanobu_Asano=Tadanobu Asano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stow=John Stow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisque_Xavier_Michel=Francisque Michel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_%C4%8Capek=Josef Čapek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Garden=Mary Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Rivers=Joan Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_LaMarr=Phil LaMarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiaqing_Emperor=Jiaqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloe_Webb=Chloe Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antony_Armstrong-Jones,_1st_Earl_of_Snowdon=Antony Armstrong-Jones, I conte di Snowdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enn_Reitel=Enn Reitel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse=Iesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Chatto=Daniel Chatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Marquette=Jacques Marquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Oxley=John Oxley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Ke_Quan=Jonathan Ke Quan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetto_Pistrucci=Benedetto Pistrucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustace_I,_Count_of_Boulogne=Eustachio I di Boulogne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sessions=John Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Coogan=Steve Coogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Caspar_Mezzofanti=Giuseppe Gasparo Mezzofanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Vinet=Alexandre Vinet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Gold=Louise Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Auguste_Sabatier=Louis-Auguste Sabatier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Sabatier=Paul Sabatier (storico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Whyld=Ken Whyld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_O'Connell=Jerry O'Connell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Bogosian=Eric Bogosian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Randolph=Edmund Randolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Warraq=Ibn Warraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_of_Saint_Victor=Adamo di San Vittore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Garnier=Francis Garnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cave_Johnson=Cave Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Williams_Cushing=Harvey Williams Cushing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izhak_Graziani=Izhak Graziani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compay_Segundo=Compay Segundo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Mortimer,_5th_Earl_of_March=Edmondo Mortimer, V conte di March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribonian=Triboniano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Jian=Sun Jian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhao_Yun=Zhao Yun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhuge_Liang=Zhuge Liang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordell_Hull=Cordell Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Barnet=Charlie Barnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexhmije_Hoxha=Nexhmije Hoxha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberta_Williams=Roberta Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Goodman=John Goodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hironobu_Sakaguchi=Hironobu Sakaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jena_Malone=Jena Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Sauckel=Fritz Sauckel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Parsons=Lucy Parsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Gonne=Maud Gonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ephraim_Kishon=Ephraim Kishon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Randolph_Churchill=Jennie Jerome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_Gibbons=Orlando Gibbons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hooker=Thomas Hooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivy_Lee=Ivy Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Tresca=Carlo Tresca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Garriott=Richard Garriott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupe_V%C3%A9lez=Lupe Vélez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_%C5%A0vankmajer=Jan Švankmajer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Lai=Jimmy Lai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_das_Neves=Maria das Neves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joaquim_Rafael_Branco=Joaquim Rafael Branco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Pereira=Fernando Pereira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Robbins=Tim Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimbert=Remberto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Adolf_Riedesel=Friedrich Adolf Riedesel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_de_Bassompierre=François de Bassompierre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%A9d%C3%A9on_Tallemant_des_R%C3%A9aux=Gédéon Tallemant des Réaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Conway=Tim Conway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_de_Vivonne,_marquise_de_Rambouillet=Catherine de Vivonne de Rambouillet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Knotts=Don Knotts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hetfield=James Hetfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottmar_Mergenthaler=Ottmar Mergenthaler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luo_Guanzhong=Luo Guanzhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satsuki_Yukino=Satsuki Yukino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Maria_Guazzo=Francesco Maria Guaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Collin_de_Plancy=Jacques Collin de Plancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Cunningham_(botanist)=Allan Cunningham (botanico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanloup_Sieff=Jeanloup Sieff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikuko_Inoue=Kikuko Inoue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dio_Chrysostom=Dione Crisostomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Levant=Oscar Levant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Michnik=Adam Michnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lina_Wertm%C3%BCller=Lina Wertmüller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Howard,_20th_Earl_of_Arundel=Philip Howard, XX conte di Arundel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junko_Noda=Junko Noda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russ_Feingold=Russ Feingold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_I_of_Constantinople=Paolo I (vescovo di Costantinopoli)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxius_of_Antioch=Eudossio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demophilus_of_Constantinople=Demofilo di Costantinopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evagrius_of_Constantinople=Evagrio di Costantinopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_FitzRoy=Robert FitzRoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Skrenta=Rich Skrenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_Perkins=Maxwell Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsacius_of_Tarsus=Arsazio di Tarso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Astley=Philip Astley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kelly_(weapons_expert)=David Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Broadbent=Jim Broadbent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hart_Benton_(politician)=Thomas Hart Benton (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Baradaeus=Giacomo Baradeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_G._White=Ellen Gould White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Evans_(presenter)=Chris Evans (conduttore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Schafer=Tim Schafer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Lane=Nathan Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ab%C5%AB_Ray%E1%B8%A5%C4%81n_al-B%C4%ABr%C5%ABn%C4%AB=Al-Biruni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ab%C5%AB_%E1%B8%A4an%C4%ABfa_D%C4%ABnawar%C4%AB=Abu Hanifa al-Dinawari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Jazari=Al-Jazari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_X_of_Constantinople=Giovanni X di Costantinopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Taymiyyah=Ibn Taymiyya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malik_ibn_Anas=Malik ibn Anas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Grey=George Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canute_IV_of_Denmark=Canuto IV di Danimarca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristides=Aristide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ritter=John Ritter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umberto_Giordano=Umberto Giordano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bessie_Coleman=Bessie Coleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Iglesias=Pablo Iglesias Posse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_de_la_Mothe_Cadillac=Antoine Laumet de La Mothe, Signore di Cadillac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julio_Anguita=Julio Anguita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proclus_of_Constantinople=Proclo di Costantinopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gennadius_of_Constantinople=Gennadio I di Costantinopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Gray_Otis_(publisher)=Harrison Gray Otis (editore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euphemius_of_Constantinople=Eufemio di Costantinopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macedonius_II_of_Constantinople=Macedonio II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Cappadocia=Giovanni II di Cappadocia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Brienen=Edwin Brienen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Donahue=Phil Donahue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Olbermann=Keith Olbermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Ockeghem=Johannes Ockeghem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Pidgeon=Rebecca Pidgeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_F._Wilson=Thomas F. Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melchior_Cano=Melchor Cano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Increase_Mather=Increase Mather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cassavetes=John Cassavetes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_Beck=Ulrich Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspar_Llamazares=Gaspar Llamazares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Goldmark=Karl Goldmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Gallatin=Albert Gallatin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wei_Jingsheng=Wei Jingsheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalyn_Tureck=Rosalyn Tureck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Guerre=Martin Guerre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Baio=Scott Baio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Monrad-Krohn=Lars Monrad-Krohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Aames=Willie Aames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Bridges=Lloyd Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashton_Kutcher=Ashton Kutcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Kardashev=Nikolaj Kardašëv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numa_Denis_Fustel_de_Coulanges=Fustel de Coulanges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Kawasaki=Guy Kawasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Thomas_(actor)=Richard Thomas (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Wagner_(screenwriter)=Jack Wagner (sceneggiatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_Bell=Gertrude Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Schumacher=Joel Schumacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Brockden_Brown=Charles Brockden Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Anstey=Christopher Anstey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Eliot_Gardiner=John Eliot Gardiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_Baltimore=Baron Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_McDormand=Frances McDormand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Schlesinger=John Schlesinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Cattrall=Kim Cattrall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Dvorak=August Dvorak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_Peters=Brock Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Clarke_(composer)=Rebecca Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsenio_Hall=Arsenio Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Judge=Mike Judge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_F._Kettering=Charles F. Kettering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Stoddert=Benjamin Stoddert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasha_(DJ)=Sasha (disc jockey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Griffiths=Martha Griffiths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Wulf=Theodor Wulf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Henri_d'Arbois_de_Jubainville=Henri d'Arbois de Jubainville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Fust=Johannes Fust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Durand=Guglielmo Durante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barth%C3%A9lemy_Haur%C3%A9au=Jean-Barthélemy Hauréau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Meyer_(philologist)=Paul Meyer (filologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Maynard=Joyce Maynard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_He=Zhang He
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Willard=Fred Willard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristin_Davis=Kristin Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Spelling=Aaron Spelling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Agutter=Jenny Agutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Bellucci=Monica Bellucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Paquin=Anna Paquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ze'ev_Jabotinsky=Vladimir Žabotinskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erika_Eleniak=Erika Eleniak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Moss=Kate Moss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portia_de_Rossi=Portia de Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtney_Thorne-Smith=Courtney Thorne-Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_McCormack=Catherine McCormack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Friel=Anna Friel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_III_of_Sicily=Ruggero III di Sicilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haley_Joel_Osment=Haley Joel Osment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monika_Schnarre=Monika Schnarre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Mosse=Kate Mosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subhash_Kak=Subhash Kak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Henry_Wilson,_1st_Baronet=Henry Hughes Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theon_of_Alexandria=Teone di Alessandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Ka-shing=Li Ka Shing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Cowell=Simon Cowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illeana_Douglas=Illeana Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Felton=Tom Felton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_John_Philby=St John Philby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janusz_Gajos=Janusz Gajos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evagrius_Scholasticus=Evagrio Scolastico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl=Grey Owl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eug%C3%A8ne_Fran%C3%A7ois_Vidocq=Eugène-François Vidocq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili_Elbe=Lili Elbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Jackson=Kate Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Frid=Jonathan Frid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Webster=John Webster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Dekker_(writer)=Thomas Dekker (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Sorvino=Mira Sorvino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Johnson=Prince Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Selleck=Tom Selleck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Pesci=Joe Pesci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Tisdall=Bob Tisdall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cass_Elliot=Cass Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Ramis=Harold Ramis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_Simondo=Piero Simondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V._V._Giri=Varahagiri Venkata Giri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Faris=Anna Faris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Leech_(caricaturist)=John Leech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Richard_Smith=Albert Richard Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Beckinsale=Kate Beckinsale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitiges=Vitige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Sheen=Michael Sheen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Rowley=William Rowley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gundobad=Gundobado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_Hayworth=Rita Hayworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Sheen=Charlie Sheen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksand%C3%ABr_Moisiu=Alessandro Moissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_D'Hondt=Victor D'Hondt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_West=Adam West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_%22Bay%22_Middleton=Bay Middleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benigno_Aquino,_Jr.=Benigno Aquino Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Parris=Betty Parris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemuel_Francis_Abbott=Lemuel Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gillray=James Gillray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne_Charles_de_Lom%C3%A9nie_de_Brienne=Étienne-Charles de Loménie de Brienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre-Th%C3%A9odore-Victor,_comte_de_Lameth=Alexandre de Lameth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Blair=Eileen O'Shaughnessy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Hester_Stanhope=Esther Stanhope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Green=Henry Green (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Rowlandson=Thomas Rowlandson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_Ackermann=Rudolph Ackermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorbj%C3%B6rn_F%C3%A4lldin=Thorbjörn Fälldin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedwig_of_Saxony=Edvige di Sassonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Scarron=Paul Scarron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Jules_Jusserand=Jean Jules Jusserand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Catinat=Nicolas de Catinat de La Fauconnerie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7oise_d'Aubign%C3%A9,_Marquise_de_Maintenon=Madame de Maintenon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ford=John Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernand_Braudel=Fernand Braudel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Africanus=Leone l'Africano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_the_Simple=Federico IV di Sicilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Epstein=Jacob Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Copperfield_(illusionist)=David Copperfield (illusionista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viswanathan_Anand=Viswanathan Anand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inez_Milholland=Inez Milholland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Angell=Norman Angell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Bobrikov=Nikolaj Ivanovič Bobrikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Schauman=Eugen Schauman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Ward=Stephen Ward (osteopata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Nagel=Patrick Nagel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Preston=Kelly Preston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahad_Ha'am=Ahad Ha'am
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Koenig=Walter Koenig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Cavanagh=Jerome Cavanagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orderic_Vitalis=Orderico Vitale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christoph_Denner=Johann Christoph Denner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Lane=Patrick Lane (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Fender=Leo Fender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Bartholomew=Pietro Bartolomeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megasthenes=Megastene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Moses=Robert Moses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagobert_of_Pisa=Dagoberto da Pisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilo_Cienfuegos=Camilo Cienfuegos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladislaus_Hunyadi=László Hunyadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Wallenda=Karl Wallenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helge_Rosvaenge=Helge Rosvænge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Paige=Rod Paige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Beals=Jennifer Beals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Chang-dong=Lee Chang-dong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Neagle=Anna Neagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascal_Quignard=Pascal Quignard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Tournier=Michel Tournier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Mulligan=Richard Mulligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogata_Kenzan=Ogata Kenzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Dioscorus_I_of_Alexandria=Dioscoro I di Alessandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Cambridge,_1st_Earl_of_Athlone=Alessandro di Teck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Garland=Alex Garland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Allen_(bishop)=Richard Allen (vescovo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Jibril=Ahmed Jibril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kogo_Noda=Kōgo Noda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ole_Worm=Ole Worm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orval_Faubus=Orval Faubus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terentius_Maximus=Terenzio Massimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Henslowe=Philip Henslowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ananda_Coomaraswamy=Ananda Coomaraswamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Garand=John Garand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sven_Aggesen=Svend Aagesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Abbamonte=Giuseppe Antonio Abbamonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_K%C3%B6hler=Wolfgang Köhler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Abbot=Maurice Abbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Hale=Nathan Hale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anner_Bylsma=Anner Bijlsma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Abbt=Thomas Abbt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Callenbach=Ernest Callenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarke_Abel=Clarke Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cadle_Price=George Cadle Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Sills=Beverly Sills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Wister=Owen Wister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_McMurtry=Larry McMurtry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovan_Battista_Carpi=Giovan Battista Carpi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_&_Teller=Penn & Teller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Burleson=Edward Burleson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Horman=Charles Horman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costa-Gavras=Costa-Gavras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla_Collett=Camilla Collett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Bertaut=Jean Bertaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_de_Scud%C3%A9ry=Georges de Scudéry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_de_Montesson=Madame de Montesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Coll%C3%A9=Charles Collé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stevens,_Baron_Stevens_of_Kirkwhelpington=John Stevens, barone Stevens di Kirkwhelpington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Piron=Alexis Piron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Fran%C3%A7ois_de_La_Harpe=Jean-François de La Harpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_de_Rouvroy,_duc_de_Saint-Simon=Louis de Rouvroy de Saint-Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_de_Rouvroy,_duc_de_Saint-Simon=Claude de Rouvroy de Saint-Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Cowen=Brian Cowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Dubois=Guillaume Dubois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Nompar_de_Caumont=Antoine Nompar de Caumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_McCulloch_(drummer)=Andy McCulloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Voisin=La Voisin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_Abeille=Gaspard Abeille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristanna_Loken=Kristanna Loken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Hamilton-Temple-Blackwood,_1st_Marquess_of_Dufferin_and_Ava=Frederick Hamilton-Temple-Blackwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilhermina_Suggia=Guilhermina Suggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_von_Abel=Karl von Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Francesco_Abela=Giovanni Francesco Abela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aben_Humeya=Abén Humeya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Trintignant=Marie Trintignant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tippi_Hedren=Tippi Hedren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Taylor=Rod Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elihu_Root=Elihu Root
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Carroll=Madeleine Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_St._John=Jill St. John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Muggeridge=Malcolm Muggeridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Buchanan=George Buchanan (umanista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Buchanan_(diplomat)=George Buchanan (diplomatico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Kollontai=Aleksandra Michajlovna Kollontaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_George,_Duke_of_Cambridge=Giorgio, duca di Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjory_Stoneman_Douglas=Marjory Stoneman Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Auguste_Cot=Pierre Auguste Cot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagadish_Chandra_Bose=Jagadish Chandra Bose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois-Michel_le_Tellier,_Marquis_de_Louvois=François Michel Le Tellier de Louvois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_W._Bussard=Robert W. Bussard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon_Welles=Gideon Welles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Adlerfelt=Gustaf Adlerfelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pehr_Adlerfelt=Pehr Adlerfelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Taymor=Julie Taymor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Ridgway=Gary Ridgway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitaliano_Brancati=Vitaliano Brancati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hoeven=John Hoeven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Shanks=Michael Shanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_J._Cannell=Stephen J. Cannell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Thomson=Tom Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iajuddin_Ahmed=Iajuddin Ahmed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Aduarte=Diego Francisco Aduarte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Shliapnikov=Aleksandr Gavrilovič Šljapnikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangoul%C3%A9_Lamizana=Sangoulé Lamizana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saye_Zerbo=Saye Zerbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivar_Kreuger=Ivar Kreuger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kjell_Aukrust=Kjell Aukrust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Michaels=Anne Michaels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eutychius_(exarch)=Eutichio (esarca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eutychius_of_Constantinople=Eutichio di Costantinopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_French_Henry=Heather French
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_Kitur=Samson Kitur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Malet_(companion_of_William_the_Conqueror)=William Malet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Aikin=John Aikin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cairncross=John Cairncross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Sonnenfeld=Barry Sonnenfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Neville,_1st_Earl_of_Westmorland=Ralph Neville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Curtiss=Glenn Curtiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uziel_Gal=Uziel Gal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Hurd=Douglas Hurd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morena_Baccarin=Morena Baccarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph-Ignace_Guillotin=Joseph-Ignace Guillotin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Carreras=José Carreras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Forte,_Baron_Forte=Charles Forte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Dodds_McCormick=Peter Dodds McCormick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khan_Abdul_Ghaffar_Khan=Abdul Ghaffar Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pekka_Himanen=Pekka Himanen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Ball=Harvey Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olav_Aukrust=Olav Aukrust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Carr,_1st_Earl_of_Somerset=Robert Carr, I conte di Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tancred_of_Hauteville=Tancredi d'Altavilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mischa_Barton=Mischa Barton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinya_Tsukamoto=Shin'ya Tsukamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Sommers=Stephen Sommers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Meyer=Bertrand Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patti_LuPone=Patti LuPone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nino_Ricci=Nino Ricci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Berlitz=Charles Berlitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Jacques=Brian Jacques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Vorderman=Carol Vorderman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Branas=Teodoro Brana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_Blair=Montgomery Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Jason_Leigh=Jennifer Jason Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motoori_Norinaga=Motoori Norinaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Krakowski=Jane Krakowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tenney=James Tenney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martine_McCutcheon=Martine McCutcheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Holden=Amanda Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina_Lollobrigida=Gina Lollobrigida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Albert_Seyn=Franz Albert Seyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_George_Stephens=Frederic George Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaus_Pevsner=Nikolaus Pevsner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Lucier=Alvin Lucier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C%C3%A9sar_Franck=César Franck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Tweet=Jonathan Tweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benicio_del_Toro=Benicio del Toro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curt_von_Bardeleben=Curt von Bardeleben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_de_Rabutin-Chantal,_marquise_de_S%C3%A9vign%C3%A9=Madame de Sévigné
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Higinbotham=William Higinbotham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_H._Baer=Ralph Baer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Sebring=Jay Sebring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._E._B._Clarke=T. E. B. Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilya_Brik=Lilja Jur'evna Brik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osip_Brik=Osip Maksimovič Brik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Tatlin=Vladimir Evgrafovič Tatlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Prior=Matthew Prior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fran%C3%A7ois_Michaud=Joseph-François Michaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_d'Albert,_duc_de_Luynes=Carlo d'Albert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concino_Concini=Concino Concini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Oliveros=Pauline Oliveros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Herbert,_1st_Baron_Herbert_of_Cherbury=Edward Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Henry,_Prince_of_Orange=Federico Enrico d'Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Hines=Gregory Hines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Patricius=Francesco Patrizi (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_Telesio=Bernardino Telesio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Wul=Stefan Wul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_the_Cappadocian=Giovanni di Cappadocia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Gravel=Mike Gravel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Francis_Train=George Francis Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Harlow=Jean Harlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryszard_Kapu%C5%9Bci%C5%84ski=Ryszard Kapuściński
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Willard_(suffragist)=Frances Willard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Wilson=Owen Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Alessi=Joseph Alessi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Lindberg=Christian Lindberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Brooks=Herb Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Beauchamp,_1st_Duke_of_Warwick=Henry de Beauchamp, I duca di Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielle_Bunten_Berry=Danielle Bunten Berry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ashley=Robert Ashley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_E._Mack=John Edward Mack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_von_Stroheim=Erich von Stroheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Shimura=Takashi Shimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Bartlett=Washington Bartlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Walewska=Maria Walewska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zipporah=Sefora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Reuther=Walter Reuther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jackson_(writer)=Michael Jackson (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bond_girl=Bond girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Columbus_(filmmaker)=Chris Columbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Luc_Dehaene=Jean-Luc Dehaene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_McGillis=Kelly McGillis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baroness_Mary_Vetsera=Maria Vetsera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelyne=Angelyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelma_Furness,_Viscountess_Furness=Thelma Furness, viscontessa Furness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dizzy_Dean=Dizzy Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Barnes=Randy Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulf_Timmermann=Ulf Timmermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Barwood=Hal Barwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Nepomuk_Hummel=Johann Nepomuk Hummel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabian_Steinheil=Fabian von Steinheil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_McClintock=Tom McClintock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gould_Fletcher=John Gould Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_Bruhns=Nicolaus Bruhns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnulf_of_Chocques=Arnolfo di Roeux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatema_Mernissi=Fatema Mernissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Keres=Paul Keres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Sontag=Susan Sontag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamad_bin_Khalifa_Al_Thani=Hamad bin Khalifa al-Thani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Taverner=John Taverner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Aiello=Danny Aiello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critias=Crizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%BCnter_Schabowski=Günter Schabowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dita_Von_Teese=Dita von Teese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joscelin_I,_Count_of_Edessa=Joscelin I di Edessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_Snyders=Frans Snyders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Warlock=Peter Warlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jude_Law=Jude Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Larson=Jonathan Larson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Berkoff=Steven Berkoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Lawless=Lucy Lawless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._Power_Biggs=E. Power Biggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lov_Grover=Lov Grover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanislav_Shushkevich=Stanislaŭ Šuškevič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalleshwari=Lalla (poetessa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Williams_(Nobel_laureate)=Betty Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arius=Ario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Fisher=Mel Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_de'_Medici,_Duke_of_Urbino=Lorenzo de' Medici duca di Urbino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamar_Alexander=Lamar Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_di_Cosimo_de'_Medici=Piero il Gottoso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guan_Hanqing=Guan Hanqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Astin=John Astin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuliano_de'_Medici,_Duke_of_Nemours=Giuliano de' Medici duca di Nemours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuliano_de'_Medici=Giuliano de' Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuo_Umezu=Kazuo Umezu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junji_Ito=Junji Itō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_McCarthy=Andrew McCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Baucus=Max Baucus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Huffington=Michael Huffington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Faliero=Marino Faliero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Teshigahara=Hiroshi Teshigahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvatore_Giuliano=Salvatore Giuliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Ferneyhough=Brian Ferneyhough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baba_Amte=Baba Amte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_di_Pierfrancesco_de'_Medici=Lorenzo il Popolano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margery_Kempe=Margery Kempe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyer_Guggenheim=Meyer Guggenheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Boissard=Jean-Jacques Boissard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aryabhata=Aryabhata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Curll=Edmund Curll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Crowe_Ransom=John Crowe Ransom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Tate=Allen Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Bustamante_y_Rivero=José Luis Bustamante y Rivero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Rubinstein=Arthur Rubinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Holland,_1st_Duke_of_Exeter=John Holland, I duca di Exeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Holland,_2nd_Duke_of_Exeter=John Holland, II duca di Exeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Holland,_1st_Earl_of_Kent=Thomas Holland, I conte di Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Holland,_2nd_Earl_of_Kent=Thomas Holland, II conte di Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Funt=Allen Funt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Sidney=Henry Sidney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conn_O'Neill,_1st_Earl_of_Tyrone=Conn O'Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Radclyffe,_3rd_Earl_of_Sussex=Thomas Radcliffe, III conte di Sussex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mata_Amritanandamayi=Mata Amritanandamayi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karol_Szymanowski=Karol Szymanowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_H._Pribram=Karl Pribram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Sidney,_1st_Earl_of_Leicester=Robert Sidney, I conte di Leicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nona_Gaye=Nona Gaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Tufts=Sonny Tufts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nithard=Nitardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Yutang=Lin Yutang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_A._Wagner=David A. Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Postman=Neil Postman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Munday=Anthony Munday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Heywood=Thomas Heywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_de_Guevara=Antonio de Guevara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lyly=John Lyly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Reger=Max Reger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_de_Mello=Anthony de Mello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonid_Stein=Leonid Štejn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Crispin=Edmund Crispin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Wilson=Tony Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Moravec=Hans Moravec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_Oates=Titus Oates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Delestraint=Charles Delestraint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_Holliday=Doc Holliday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_McCloud=Scott McCloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Thatcher=Carol Thatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Albizu_Campos=Pedro Albizu Campos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Thomas=Jake Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Plowright=Joan Plowright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Steinem=Gloria Steinem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Dern=Bruce Dern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Kaczmarek=Jane Kaczmarek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giles_of_Rome=Egidio Romano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deepak_Chopra=Deepak Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Bentsen=Lloyd Bentsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Herzog=Roman Herzog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Jones=Paula Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehmet_Shehu=Mehmet Shehu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_de_Weldon=Felix de Weldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courteney_Cox=Courteney Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Khodorkovsky=Michail Borisovič Chodorkovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_LeBlanc=Matt LeBlanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jacob_Astor_IV=John Jacob Astor IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharata_Muni=Bharata Muni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Odier=Daniel Odier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S%C3%A9rgio_Vieira_de_Mello=Sérgio Vieira de Mello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurie_Metcalf=Laurie Metcalf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D._Rockefeller,_Jr.=John Davison Rockefeller Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_de'_Medici_(d._1600)=Giulio di Alessandro de' Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Aym%C3%A9=Marcel Aymé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Leduc_(film_director)=Paul Leduc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dampier=William Dampier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Harpman=Jacqueline Harpman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zellig_Harris=Zellig Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Egan=Susan Egan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Lucio_Anafesto=Paoluccio Anafesto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akhmad_Kadyrov=Achmat Kadyrov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulia_de'_Medici=Giulia de' Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Connally=John Connally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunisada=Utagawa Kunisada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utagawa_Kuniyoshi=Utagawa Kuniyoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessie_Royce_Landis=Jessie Royce Landis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Bumpers=Dale Bumpers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utagawa_Toyokuni=Toyokuni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gil_Amelio=Gil Amelio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traian_Vuia=Traian Vuia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Corwin=Norman Corwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Purchas=Samuel Purchas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Symons=Arthur Symons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Harvey=Gabriel Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_van_Artevelde=Jacob van Artevelde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qiu_Jin=Qiu Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurtwood_Smith=Kurtwood Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bachman=Charles Bachman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramana_Maharshi=Ramana Maharshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mileva_Mari%C4%87=Mileva Marić
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Eliot_(missionary)=John Eliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Spencer=Percy Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadukhipa=Tadukhipa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechthild_of_Magdeburg=Matilde di Magdeburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Wei=Xu Wei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_(explorer)=Simon Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiefer_Sutherland=Kiefer Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Landon=Michael Landon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulk_Hogan=Hulk Hogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Robinson_(actor)=Andrew Robinson (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Busch_(field_marshal)=Ernst Busch (militare)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Naryshkina=Marija Antonovna Czetwertyński-Światopełk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_King=Larry King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinji_Fukasaku=Kinji Fukasaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Dan=Fëdor Dan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Baxter=Les Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorrell_Booke=Sorrell Booke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christa_Ludwig=Christa Ludwig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abb%C3%A9_Pierre=Abbé Pierre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._Howard_Hunt=Everett Howard Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_de_Torres=Luis de Torres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salman_Khan=Salman Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Thomas=Danny Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiram_Maxim=Hiram Stevens Maxim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurie_Holden=Laurie Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Gaspard_Bachet_de_M%C3%A9ziriac=Claude-Gaspard Bachet de Méziriac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lord=Jack Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Joachim=Joseph Joachim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Jackman=Hugh Jackman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Siddig=Alexander Siddig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Shaltiel=David Shaltiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Regnault=Henri Regnault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_Berenguer_IV,_Count_of_Barcelona=Raimondo Berengario IV di Barcellona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_Morris=Benny Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Black=Max Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B3zef_Maria_Hoene-Wro%C5%84ski=Josef Hoene-Wronski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Lyon=Sue Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran_Drescher=Fran Drescher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Lodge=Thomas Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Craig=Wendy Craig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Pitts=Walter Pitts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Puttenham=George Puttenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Elyot=Thomas Elyot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Oldcastle=John Oldcastle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Aubrey=John Aubrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulysse_Chevalier=Ulysse Chevalier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leif_Ove_Andsnes=Leif Ove Andsnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_Falstein=Noah Falstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowie_Kuhn=Bowie Kuhn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_O'Higgins=Bernardo O'Higgins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Christian_Fabricius=Johan Christian Fabricius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_H=Triple H
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blood=Thomas Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Th%C3%A9odore_Dubois=Théodore Dubois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Marcello=Alessandro Marcello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Dorn=Michael Dorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philibert_de_l'Orme=Philibert Delorme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_of_Navarre=Margherita di Navarra e di Sicilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Creston=Paul Creston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili_St._Cyr=Lili St. Cyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiane_Amanpour=Christiane Amanpour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxy_Brown_(rapper)=Foxy Brown (rapper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergus_Hume=Fergus Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Mikhalkov=Sergej Vladimirovič Michalkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Vasilyevich_Alexandrov=Aleksandr Vasil'evič Aleksandrov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Light=William Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Harrington_(author)=James Harrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Freiherr_von_und_zu_der_Tann-Rathsamhausen=Ludwig von der Tann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Frick=Ford Frick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mooring=Arthur Mooring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_Iglesias=Enrique Iglesias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_von_Luckner=Felix von Luckner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Paxton=Bill Paxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_McMahon=Stephanie McMahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vince_McMahon=Vince McMahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Thomas=Helen Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kunstler=William Kunstler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Wellesley,_1st_Marquess_Wellesley=Richard Wellesley, I marchese Wellesley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_McMahon=Shane McMahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Quinet=Edgar Quinet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Yanne=Jean Yanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Jade=Claude Jade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guill%C3%A9n_de_Castro_y_Bellvis=Guillén de Castro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agust%C3%ADn_Moreto_y_Cavana=Agustín Moreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Gozzi=Carlo Gozzi (drammaturgo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gasparo_Gozzi=Gasparo Gozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobe_Hooper=Tobe Hooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Tindal=Matthew Tindal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saverio_Bettinelli=Saverio Bettinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Innocenzo_Frugoni=Carlo Innocenzo Frugoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Bentivoglio=Guido Bentivoglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Manners,_7th_Duke_of_Rutland=John Manners, VII duca di Rutland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bell_Hatcher=John Bell Hatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Meade_Fishback=William Meade Fishback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasubandhu=Vasubandhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Collins=Kim Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriarch_Alexy_II_of_Moscow=Alessio II (patriarca di Mosca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Philipp_Reis=Johann Philipp Reis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Guarini=Battista Guarini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_%C5%81ukasiewicz=Jan Łukasiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Sutcliffe=Peter Sutcliffe (criminale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Langland=William Langland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Avalon=Frankie Avalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Foley=Mick Foley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhiyi=Zhìyǐ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89dith_Cresson=Édith Cresson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Thesiger=Wilfred Patrick Thesiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rosen=Charles Rosen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ernest_Atkins=Henry Ernest Atkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_du_Vair=Guillaume du Vair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Bruneti%C3%A8re=Ferdinand Brunetière
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Gottlieb_Tennemann=Wilhelm Gottlieb Tennemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Thomas_Buckle=Henry Thomas Buckle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konosuke_Matsushita=Kōnosuke Matsushita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Philips=Gerard Philips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudi_Dutschke=Rudi Dutschke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Lane=Diane Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Rodriguez=Michelle Rodriguez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hampton=Fred Hampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_Gr%C3%BCnewald=Matthias Grünewald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Poujade=Pierre Poujade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_L%C3%A9aud=Jean-Pierre Léaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_(wrestler)=Edge (wrestler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nachman_of_Breslov=Nachman di Breslov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seward_Collins=Seward Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Lu_Hitler_Marak=Adolf Lu Hitler Marak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Zhong=Zhang Zhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elie_Hobeika=Elie Hobeika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Beer=August Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Friedrich_Schinkel=Karl Friedrich Schinkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruslan_Ponomariov=Ruslan Ponomarëv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_E._Grant=Richard E. Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacy_Keibler=Stacy Keibler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Gale_Ferris,_Jr.=George Ferris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Olson=Frank Olson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagar=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Rigdon=Sidney Rigdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandrika_Kumaratunga=Chandrika Kumaratunga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheri_S._Tepper=Sheri S. Tepper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Howe=Geoffrey Howe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ellis=Mary Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Grenville-Temple,_2nd_Earl_Temple=Richard Grenville-Temple, II conte Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Negulesco=Jean Negulesco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Auer=Lipót Auer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andre_Norton=Andre Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaise_de_Lasseran-Massenc%C3%B4me,_seigneur_de_Montluc=Biagio di Monluc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_R%C3%BCstow=Wilhelm Rüstow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Gouffier,_seigneur_de_Bonnivet=Guillaume Gouffier de Bonnivet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odet_of_Foix,_Viscount_of_Lautrec=Odet de Foix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Bourdeille,_seigneur_de_Brant%C3%B4me=Pierre de Bourdeille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Doria=Andrea Doria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Schoppe=Caspar Schoppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wotton=Henry Wotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Shakespeare=John Shakespeare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_III,_Count_of_Tripoli=Raimondo III di Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Goodrem=Delta Goodrem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Su_Shi=Su Shi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Gray_(computer_scientist)=Jim Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Thassi=Simone Maccabeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Kramp=Christian Kramp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziaur_Rahman=Ziaur Rahman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanza_del_Vasto=Giuseppe Giovanni Lanza del Vasto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerbrand_van_den_Eeckhout=Gerbrand van den Eeckhout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezzo,_Count_Palatine_of_Lotharingia=Azzo di Lotaringia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Maurice,_Prince_of_Nassau-Siegen=Giovanni Maurizio di Nassau-Siegen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Turturro=John Turturro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Bejerot=Nils Bejerot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Augustus_Grant=James Augustus Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Breillat=Catherine Breillat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chantal_Akerman=Chantal Akerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volker_Schl%C3%B6ndorff=Volker Schlöndorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lange=David Lange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Rhea=Caroline Rhea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bebe_Neuwirth=Bebe Neuwirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Slater=Helen Slater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Robinson,_2nd_Baron_Grantham=Thomas Robinson, II barone Grantham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feng_Yuxiang=Feng Yuxiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Nugent-Temple-Grenville,_1st_Marquess_of_Buckingham=George Nugent-Temple-Grenville, I marchese di Buckingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Osborne,_5th_Duke_of_Leeds=Francis Osborne, V duca di Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bathurst,_3rd_Earl_Bathurst=Henry Bathurst, III conte Bathurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ward,_1st_Earl_of_Dudley=John William Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_Leveson-Gower,_2nd_Earl_Granville=George Leveson-Gower, II conte di Granville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lon_Chaney=Lon Chaney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maury_Yeston=Maury Yeston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Harris,_3rd_Earl_of_Malmesbury=James Harris, III conte di Malmesbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wodehouse,_1st_Earl_of_Kimberley=John Wodehouse, I conte di Kimberley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meera=Mīrābāī
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Saberhagen=Fred Saberhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_I._Hagen=Carl Ivar Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ornella_Muti=Ornella Muti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Delon=Alain Delon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curd_J%C3%BCrgens=Curd Jürgens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Jordan=Bobby Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lale_Andersen=Lale Andersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barnes_(author)=John Barnes (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corentin_Louis_Kervran=Corentin Louis Kervran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufus_Isaacs,_1st_Marquess_of_Reading=Rufus Isaacs, I marchese di Reading
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Garrick=Richard Garrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_H._Evans=Melvin Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Bernstein=Carl Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Malle=Louis Malle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sledd_of_Essex=Sledda dell'Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Bernhard_Bach=Johann Bernhard Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Aegidius_Bach=Johann Aegidius Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Nachtwey=James Nachtwey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_G._Watt=James G. Watt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Roach=Hal Roach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Helm=Brigitte Helm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Troell=Jan Troell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Sarpi=Paolo Sarpi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Lau=Andy Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Xylander=Guilielmus Xylander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T%C3%A9a_Leoni=Téa Leoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperio_Argentina=Imperio Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stanhope,_1st_Earl_Stanhope=James Stanhope, I conte Stanhope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Raspe,_Landgrave_of_Thuringia=Enrico Raspe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_Bantock=Granville Bantock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_de_La_Valli%C3%A8re=Louise de La Vallière
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Watson=Paul Watson (ambientalista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Stenhammar=Wilhelm Stenhammar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Kurtz=Paul Kurtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Eder=Linda Eder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lucas_(philosopher)=John Lucas (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Bruckheimer=Jerry Bruckheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideaki_Anno=Hideaki Anno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_Wyle=Noah Wyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Cassin=René Cassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Campin=Robert Campin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Haken=Wolfgang Haken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrus_Ramus=Pietro Ramo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Burgersdijk=Franco Burgersdijk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerardus_Vossius=Gerhard Johannes Voss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philips_of_Marnix,_Lord_of_Saint-Aldegonde=Filips van Marnix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Heinsius=Daniel Heinsius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Opitz=Martin Opitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Krassner=Paul Krassner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cooper_(psychiatrist)=David Cooper (psichiatra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Boeing=William Boeing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Kemp=Ross Kemp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasim_Rahman=Hasim Rahman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Aemilius_Scaurus_(consul_115_BC)=Marco Emilio Scauro (console 115 a.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazilio_Olara-Okello=Bazilio Olara-Okello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stainer=John Stainer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Trebek=Alex Trebek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Thibaud=Jacques Thibaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jascha_Heifetz=Jascha Heifetz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenriz=Gylve Fenris Nagell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Flesch=Carl Flesch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metacomet=Metacomet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Lesnie=Andrew Lesnie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Robards=Jason Robards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Meyer=Nicholas Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Wawro=Richard Wawro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelia_Africana=Cornelia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Claverhouse_Jebb=Richard Claverhouse Jebb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Burckhardt=Jacob Burckhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benno_Moiseiwitsch=Benno Moiseiwitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurizio_Pollini=Maurizio Pollini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myra_Hess=Myra Hess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Kempff=Wilhelm Kempff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Gieseking=Walter Gieseking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Bolet=Jorge Bolet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Backhaus=Wilhelm Backhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Curzon=Clifford Curzon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Bratt=Benjamin Bratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettino_Craxi=Bettino Craxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_P._Bush=Samuel Prescott Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnolfo_di_Cambio=Arnolfo di Cambio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prithvi_Narayan_Shah=Prithvi Narayan Shah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Redmond_(Go_player)=Michael Redmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Arkwright=Richard Arkwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Chang-ho=Lee Chang-ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristide_Cavaill%C3%A9-Coll=Aristide Cavaillé-Coll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Zach=Jan Zach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Eaton_(politician)=John Eaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukuzawa_Yukichi=Fukuzawa Yukichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu%C3%ADs_Fr%C3%B3is=Luís Fróis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sterndale_Bennett=William Sterndale Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Cornelius_Scipio_Barbatus=Lucio Cornelio Scipione Barbato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candice_Bergen=Candice Bergen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Louis_Cr%C3%A9vier=Jean-Baptiste-Louis Crevier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Auguste_de_Thou=Jacques-Auguste de Thou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rollin=Charles Rollin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gert_Fr%C3%B6be=Gert Fröbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Bach=Barbara Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Belrose=Jack Belrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remo_Giazotto=Remo Giazotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Albert_Gobat=Charles Albert Gobat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Holbrooke=Richard Holbrooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akechi_Mitsuhide=Akechi Mitsuhide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Hotman=François Hotman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_R%C3%A9mi_(died_1296)=Philippe di Beaumanoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_II_de_Coligny=Gaspard de Châtillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Sacheverell=Henry Sacheverell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillel_the_Elder=Hillel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irma_Brandeis=Irma Brandeis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Date_Masamune=Date Masamune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton_McGuinty=Dalton McGuinty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Maverick=Samuel Maverick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jody_Williams=Jody Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebasti%C3%A1n_de_Belalc%C3%A1zar=Sebastián de Belalcázar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollonius_of_Rhodes=Apollonio Rodio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_H%C3%A9delin,_abb%C3%A9_d'Aubignac=François Hédelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Nhu=Trần Lệ Xuân
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Hardy=Alexandre Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Giraldi=Giambattista Giraldi Cinzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cole_(actor)=George Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Whetstone=George Whetstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Tristan_l'Hermite=François L'Hermite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Rojas_Zorrilla=Francisco de Rojas Zorrilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Proyas=Alex Proyas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Murray,_1st_Earl_of_Mansfield=William Murray, I conte di Mansfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorna_Luft=Lorna Luft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Muldoon=Paul Muldoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Fisher=Carrie Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_de_Lesseps=Ferdinand de Lesseps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_the_Fuller=Pietro Fullo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Burnes=Alexander Burnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Quaid=Dennis Quaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzz_Skillings=Muzz Skillings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_T%C3%B6nnies=Ferdinand Tönnies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Turnbull=Malcolm Turnbull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Seymour,_Earl_St._Maur=Ferdinand Seymour, conte di St. Maur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Filo=David Filo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Maria_Wiligut=Karl Maria Wiligut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Rain=Douglas Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_St._Andre=Ken St. Andre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristofano_Malvezzi=Cristofano Malvezzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Short=Martin Short
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Antonio=The Great Antonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Lindh=Anna Lindh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishida_Mitsunari=Ishida Mitsunari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Arensky=Anton Stepanovič Arenskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Oph%C3%BCls=Marcel Ophüls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Jordan=Neil Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Strong=Tara Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodi_Benson=Jodi Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwakura_Tomomi=Iwakura Tomomi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivian_Fuchs=Ernest Vivian Fuchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maeda_Toshiie=Maeda Toshiie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Spielberg=Anne Spielberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Elementary_School_shooting_(San_Diego)=Brenda Ann Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlisle_Floyd=Carlisle Floyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Beane=Billy Beane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Hersh=Seymour Hersh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Foglio=Phil Foglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Favreau=Jon Favreau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eunice_Norton=Eunice Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Chong=Tommy Chong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutsu_Munemitsu=Mutsu Munemitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okakura_Kakuz%C5%8D=Okakura Kakuzō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Barclay_(theologian)=William Barclay (teologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C5%8Ctomo_no_Yakamochi=Ōtomo no Yakamochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saig%C5%8D_Takamori=Saigō Takamori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saionji_Kinmochi=Saionji Kinmochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feroze_Gandhi=Feroze Gandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_Lesnar=Brock Lesnar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Bunche=Ralph Bunche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Miller_(preacher)=William Miller (predicatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lex_Barker=Lex Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_French=Dawn French
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Eckstein=Emma Eckstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakamoto_Ry%C5%8Dma=Sakamoto Ryōma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunio_Yanagita=Kunio Yanagita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hamilton,_2nd_Duke_of_Hamilton=William Hamilton, II duca di Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hamilton,_Duke_of_Hamilton=William Douglas, duca di Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hamilton,_4th_Duke_of_Hamilton=James Hamilton, IV duca di Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Savile,_1st_Marquess_of_Halifax=George Savile, I marchese di Halifax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Seymour,_6th_Duke_of_Somerset=Charles Seymour, VI duca di Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scipio_Aemilianus=Publio Cornelio Scipione Emiliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shen_Buhai=Shen Buhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Gibbon_Wakefield=Edward Gibbon Wakefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Hannity=Sean Hannity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akino_Arai=Akino Arai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_Schwartz=Laurent Schwartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Vachss=Andrew Vachss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jascha_Horenstein=Jascha Horenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergiu_Celibidache=Sergiu Celibidache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karel_An%C4%8Derl=Karel Ančerl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Craft=Robert Craft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Haitink=Bernard Haitink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Kempe=Rudolf Kempe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antal_Dor%C3%A1ti=Antal Doráti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Maria_Giulini=Carlo Maria Giulini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thurloe=John Thurloe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Hofer=Andreas Hofer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Dexter=Timothy Dexter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_von_Aldringen=Johann von Aldringen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_Gallas=Mattia Galasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Leberecht_Fleischer=Heinrich Leberecht Fleischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Walbrook=Anton Walbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Jim%C3%A9nez_de_Cisneros=Francisco Jiménez de Cisneros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Darboy=Georges Darboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Josef_von_Hefele=Karl Josef von Hefele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelma_Ritter=Thelma Ritter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirill_Kondrashin=Kirill Petrovič Kondrašin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Infessura=Stefano Infessura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Jochum=Eugen Jochum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istv%C3%A1n_Kert%C3%A9sz_(conductor)=István Kertész
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Koussevitzky=Sergej Aleksandrovič Kusevickij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Leinsdorf=Erich Leinsdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Kubel%C3%ADk=Rafael Kubelík
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Yu=Zhou Yu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Taylor_(actor)=Robert Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Fernandes_de_Queir%C3%B3s=Pedro Fernandes de Queirós
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Spencer-Churchill,_7th_Duke_of_Marlborough=John Spencer-Churchill, VII duca di Marlborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Shalala=Donna Shalala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Klemperer=Werner Klemperer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daveigh_Chase=Daveigh Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ogden_Stiers=David Ogden Stiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Hartog=Dirk Hartog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Flemyng=Jason Flemyng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bass=George Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binot_Paulmier_de_Gonneville=Binot Paulmier de Gonneville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Prats=Carlos Prats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inger_Stevens=Inger Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Gonz%C3%A1lez_de_Mendoza=Pedro González de Mendoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realdo_Colombo=Realdo Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mairead_Maguire=Mairead Corrigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aim%C3%A9_C%C3%A9saire=Aimé Césaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Mravinsky=Evgenij Aleksandrovič Mravinskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Munch_(conductor)=Charles Münch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zubin_Mehta=Zubin Mehta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neville_Marriner=Neville Marriner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Masur=Kurt Masur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Mackerras=Charles Mackerras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W%C5%82adys%C5%82aw_Szpilman=Władysław Szpilman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorin_Maazel=Lorin Maazel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Hutchinson=Anne Hutchinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Colles=Abraham Colles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89douard_Lalo=Édouard Lalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Moerbeke=Guglielmo di Moerbeke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Ieyoshi=Tokugawa Ieyoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Paget,_1st_Marquess_of_Anglesey=Henry William Paget, I marchese di Anglesey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eug%C3%A8ne_Dubois=Eugène Dubois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ennin=Ennin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Anton_Ernst_Porsche=Ferdinand Anton Ernst Porsche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Walker_(inventor)=John Walker (inventore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Levinson=Barry Levinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horemheb=Horemheb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Enescu=George Enescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Huang=Xu Huang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Labov=William Labov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Morley=Robert Morley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcelino_Men%C3%A9ndez_y_Pelayo=Marcelino Menéndez Pelayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_O'Toole=Annette O'Toole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindbergh_kidnapping=Rapimento Lindbergh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_de_Tonti=Henri de Tonti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Romanek=Mark Romanek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Young=Adrian Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verghese_Kurien=Verghese Kurien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Crowe=Cameron Crowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impenitent_thief=Gesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Fei=Zhang Fei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%A9on_Jouhaux=Léon Jouhaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Casper=John Casper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergie_(singer)=Fergie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bent_Larsen=Bent Larsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayman_al-Zawahiri=Ayman al-Zawahiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_Lenya=Lotte Lenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariel_Dorfman=Ariel Dorfman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwame_Kilpatrick=Kwame Kilpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_von_Schleicher=Kurt von Schleicher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squanto=Squanto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Pieterszoon_Coen=Jan Pieterszoon Coen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Coogan=Keith Coogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Blitzstein=Marc Blitzstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Waddell=Tom Waddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Marais=Jean Marais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Chamberlain=Richard Chamberlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Everett=Rupert Everett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Cohn=Roy Cohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Heche=Anne Heche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siegfried_&_Roy=Siegfried & Roy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Pintauro=Danny Pintauro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saad_Haddad=Sa'd Haddad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merce_Cunningham=Merce Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toru_Iwatani=Tōru Iwatani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gian_Carlo_Menotti=Gian Carlo Menotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klas_Pontus_Arnoldson=Klas Pontus Arnoldson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Geffen=David Geffen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Russell,_2nd_Earl_of_Bedford=Francis Russell, II conte di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Russell,_5th_Duke_of_Bedford=Francis Russell, V duca di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Russell,_4th_Earl_of_Bedford=Francis Russell, IV conte di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Beaufort=Francis Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzy_Parker=Suzy Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_DeFreeze=Donald DeFreeze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Radosh=Ronald Radosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregg_Araki=Gregg Araki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin_Boye=Karin Boye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Marc_Bouchard=Michel Marc Bouchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Archer=Dennis Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madalyn_Murray_O'Hair=Madalyn Murray O'Hair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Sturt=Charles Sturt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Stamitz=Johann Stamitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Jonas_Love_Almqvist=Carl Jonas Love Almquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mitchell_(explorer)=Thomas Mitchell (esploratore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Dufay=Guillaume Dufay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Anzengruber=Ludwig Anzengruber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Apolloni=Giuseppe Apolloni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Steele_Commager=Henry Steele Commager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bidgood_(filmmaker)=James Bidgood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Greene_Balch=Emily Greene Balch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_Schlafly=Phyllis Schlafly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Duff,_1st_Duke_of_Fife=Alexander Duff, I duca di Fife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mott=John Mott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Grant=Horace Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Valachi=Joe Valachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parry_(explorer)=William Edward Parry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Hayden=Bill Hayden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Schobert=Johann Schobert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom_Egoyan=Atom Egoyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Toivonen=Henri Toivonen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Dassault=Marcel Dassault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Reyes=Alfonso Reyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr%C3%A9d%C3%A9ric_Passy=Frédéric Passy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Renault_(jurist)=Louis Renault (giurista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Asser=Tobias Michael Carel Asser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hermann_Fried=Alfred Hermann Fried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Marie_Fran%C3%A7ois_Beernaert=Auguste Beernaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_La_Fontaine=Henri La Fontaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Houseman=John Houseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Modrow=Hans Modrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_de_Lamerie=Paul de Lamerie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Marot=Daniel Marot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Heine=Jakob Heine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Oskar_Medin=Karl Oskar Medin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Langford=Bonnie Langford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fusu=Fusu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_McCoy=Kid McCoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Owen=Robert Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlette_Laguiller=Arlette Laguiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Frost=Terry Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lachlan_Macquarie=Lachlan Macquarie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Hore-Belisha,_1st_Baron_Hore-Belisha=Leslie Hore-Belisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Saavedra_Lamas=Carlos Saavedra Lamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Jean_de_B%C3%A9ranger=Pierre-Jean de Béranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Rousseau=Jean-Baptiste Rousseau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalla_Ward=Lalla Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Auteuil=Daniel Auteuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Ortega_(singer)=Manuel Ortega (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_P._Murphy=William Parry Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Raff=Joachim Raff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dith_Pran=Dith Pran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Zane=Billy Zane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_Richardson=Elliot Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N._F._S._Grundtvig=Nicolai Frederik Severin Grundtvig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agn%C3%A8s_Varda=Agnès Varda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Arnold=Malcolm Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stelios_Constantas=Stelios Kōnstantas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_(singer)=Lou Hoffner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Hagman=Larry Hagman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Waiblinger=Wilhelm Waiblinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Bowles=Jane Bowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Shachtman=Max Shachtman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isadore_Singer=Isadore Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Cecil,_1st_Viscount_Cecil_of_Chelwood=Robert Cecil, I visconte Cecil di Chelwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Savorgnan_de_Brazza=Pietro Savorgnan di Brazzà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacio_Ramonet=Ignacio Ramonet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Claude_Daquin=Louis-Claude Daquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turlough_O'Carolan=Turlough O'Carolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dunstaple=John Dunstable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrietta_Lacks=Henrietta Lacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Tapie=Bernard Tapie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Haywood=William Dudley Haywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henryk_Szeryng=Henryk Szeryng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Van_Doren=Charles Van Doren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Cusack=Cyril Cusack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Yoshimune=Tokugawa Yoshimune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Tsunayoshi=Tokugawa Tsunayoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Mitsukuni=Mito Kōmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Foxx=Jamie Foxx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Parkinson=James Parkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Colin=Margaret Colin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oleg_Gordievsky=Oleg Gordievskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Quaid=Randy Quaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_O'Neill=Jennifer O'Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoran_%C5%BDivkovi%C4%87_(writer)=Zoran Živković (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manius_Curius_Dentatus=Manio Curio Dentato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Montiel=Sara Montiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Willaert=Adrian Willaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Jo_Kopechne=Mary Jo Kopechne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Tate=Henry Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Clemens_non_Papa=Jacob Clemens non Papa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Bronsart_von_Schellendorff=Hans Bronsart von Schellendorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_Robinson,_1st_Baron_Rosmead=Hercules Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fox,_1st_Baron_Holland=Henry Fox, I barone Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Alagna=Roberto Alagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Gheorghiu=Angela Gheorghiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Calment=Jeanne Calment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Adriaan_Heineken=Gerard Adriaan Heineken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakshmi_Sahgal=Lakshmi Sahgal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Buisson=Ferdinand Buisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Javier_P%C3%A9rez_de_Cu%C3%A9llar=Javier Pérez de Cuéllar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_Thant=U Thant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Pitman=Isaac Pitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier_Assayas=Olivier Assayas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Elvstr%C3%B8m=Paul Elvstrøm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hallam=Arthur Hallam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques-Charles_Dupont_de_l'Eure=Jacques-Charles Dupont de l'Eure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Goulet=Robert Goulet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bowring=John Bowring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Lugard,_1st_Baron_Lugard=Frederick Lugard, I barone di Lugard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Sinopoli=Giuseppe Sinopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Sargent=Malcolm Sargent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Slatkin=Leonard Slatkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Pinnock=Trevor Pinnock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stillman_Rockefeller=James Stillman Rockefeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Vanderbilt=William Henry Vanderbilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Spencer-Churchill,_11th_Duke_of_Marlborough=John Spencer-Churchill, XI duca di Marlborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Vanderbilt_II=Cornelius Vanderbilt II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_Vanderbilt_Whitney=Gertrude Vanderbilt Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Schumer=Chuck Schumer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Langlois=Henri Langlois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Cheng_of_Zhou=Zhou Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Shriver=Maria Shriver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Warner=John William Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Couperin=François Couperin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Havers=Nigel Havers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Macartney,_1st_Earl_Macartney=George Macartney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Starley=James Starley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Farmer=James Farmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._C._Forbes=B. C. Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Forbes=Malcolm Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyder-D=Spyder-D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Forbes=Steve Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon_Mantell=Gideon Mantell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Guillermoprieto=Alma Guillermoprieto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amina_Lawal=Amina Lawal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giaches_de_Wert=Giaches de Wert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirstie_Alley=Kirstie Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cipriano_de_Rore=Cipriano de Rore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_S._Monson=Thomas S. Monson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Clap=Margaret Clap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Hutton=Betty Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaclyn_Linetsky=Jaclyn Linetsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus_Lipsius=Giusto Lipsio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II,_Duke_of_Guelders=Carlo di Gheldria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Antoine_Car%C3%AAme=Marie-Antoine Carême
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Mensch=Bill Mensch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigefumi_Hino=Shigefumi Hino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Savile=Jimmy Savile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_McCallum=David McCallum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Prince=Harold Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanno_the_Navigator=Annone il Navigatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._McGinley=John C. McGinley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Carlyle=Robert Carlyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosanna_Arquette=Rosanna Arquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Gyllenstierna=Christina Gyllenstierna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Weigl=Joseph Weigl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._C._Robbins_Landon=H. C. Robbins Landon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Cavallini=Pietro Cavallini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenie_Scott=Eugenie Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taddeo_Gaddi=Taddeo Gaddi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnolo_Gaddi=Agnolo Gaddi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_O'Connor=Donald O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Collins=Stephen Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaled_Mardam-Bey=Khaled Mardam-Bey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Pal=George Pal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Thunders=Johnny Thunders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Webster_Schermerhorn_Astor=Caroline Webster Schermerhorn Astor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Reed=Oliver Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Gr%C3%A9goire=Henri Grégoire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corinna_May=Corinna May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_M%C3%BCller=Wilhelm Müller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Baptiste_Antoine_Marcellin_de_Marbot=Marcellin Marbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aivaras_Stepukonis=Aivaras Stepukonis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gy%C3%B6rgy_Kurt%C3%A1g=György Kurtág
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Pavel=Marcel Pavel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_de_Polignac=Jules de Polignac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ina_Coolbrith=Ina Coolbrith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliza_McCardle_Johnson=Eliza Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Tafi_(artist)=Andrea di Ricco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jacob_Astor_III=John Jacob Astor III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Stuart_Blackton=J. Stuart Blackton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Newman=Sydney Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_M._McCune=George M. McCune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukichi_Chuganji=Yukichi Chuganji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Vernet=Horace Vernet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enheduanna=Enḫeduanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Hess=Karl Hess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Saro-Wiwa=Ken Saro-Wiwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_W.=Bill W.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Jackson_(Black_Panther)=George Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Ritter=Jason Ritter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Irving=Henry Irving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stjepan_Mesi%C4%87=Stjepan Mesić
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Bale=Christian Bale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharamond=Faramondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Milius=John Milius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Todde=Antonio Todde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Tom_Parr=Thomas Parr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keir_Dullea=Keir Dullea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Pieterszoon_Sweelinck=Jan Pieterszoon Sweelinck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Ludwig_Bach=Johann Ludwig Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Bosch=Juan Bosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Heinrich_Ulrichs=Karl Heinrich Ulrichs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Couric=Katie Couric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Chausson=Ernest Chausson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmus_of_Formia=Erasmo di Formia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Shermer=Michael Shermer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl-Maria_Kertbeny=Karl-Maria Kertbeny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Cosell=Howard Cosell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Andreessen=Marc Andreessen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_White_(RAF_officer)=James White (aviatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Hancock=Graham Hancock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Fagerbakke=Bill Fagerbakke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wally_Hickel=Wally Hickel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Neuberger=Roy Neuberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_A._Beard=Charles Austin Beard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lennox,_4th_Duke_of_Richmond=Charles Lennox, IV duca di Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Black_(blacksmith)=James Black (armaiolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deryck_Whibley=Deryck Whibley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Furius_Philus=Lucio Furio Filo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_A._Whitney=Phyllis A. Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Hentoff=Nat Hentoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladislas_Starevich=Władysław Starewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Girard=Pierre Simon Girard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Du_Mu=Du Mu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_de_Prony=Gaspard de Prony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Montgomery=Elizabeth Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Garc%C3%ADa_(baritone)=Manuel García (figlio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonzalo_Jim%C3%A9nez_de_Quesada=Gonzalo Jiménez de Quesada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaron_Lanier=Jaron Lanier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eber=Eber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Zapruder=Abraham Zapruder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Louise_Meilleur=Marie-Louise Meilleur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Kardashian=Robert Kardashian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_L._Plumley=Basil L. Plumley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bradley_(engineer)=David Bradley (ingegnere)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Fischinger=Oskar Fischinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Danza=Tony Danza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_McGovern=Elizabeth McGovern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gjon_Buzuku=Gjon Buzuku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Brand=Stewart Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bazalgette=Joseph Bazalgette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Spivak=Michael Spivak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hiller=Arthur Hiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Grosvenor,_1st_Duke_of_Westminster=Hugh Grosvenor, I duca di Westminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Bradstreet=Anne Bradstreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Dee_Hull=Jane Dee Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orazio_Vecchi=Orazio Vecchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucullus=Lucio Licinio Lucullo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cestius_Gallus=Gaio Cestio Gallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Cantwell=Maria Cantwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Perkins=Elizabeth Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hussing=Peter Hussing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Dundee=Angelo Dundee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Forlani=Claire Forlani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quirino_Cristiani=Quirino Cristiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Frutiger=Adrian Frutiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Bodoni=Giambattista Bodoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lochner=Robert Lochner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bosworth=Joseph Bosworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Cowley=Abraham Cowley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Randolph_(poet)=Thomas Randolph (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._C._Artmann=H. C. Artmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salomon_Reinach=Salomon Reinach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Reinach=Joseph Reinach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Th%C3%A9odore_Reinach=Théodore Reinach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_More=Henry More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Ritter_von_Zimmermann=Johann Georg Ritter von Zimmermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Drummond_of_Hawthornden=William Drummond di Hawthornden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachael_Leigh_Cook=Rachael Leigh Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Mangion=William Mangion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Henryson=Robert Henryson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morarji_Desai=Morarji Desai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Erskine_of_Dun=John Erskine of Dun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Wishart=George Wishart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetto_Accolti_the_Elder=Benedetto Accolti il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Accolti=Bernardo Accolti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Dempster=Thomas Dempster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Cochlaeus=Johann Cochlaeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamoud_bin_Mohammed_of_Zanzibar=Hamud bin Mohammed di Zanzibar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Ehrmann=Max Ehrmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Reamy=Tom Reamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peta_Wilson=Peta Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Durbin=Dick Durbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Braun=Otto Braun (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashok_Kumar=Ashok Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Watts=Naomi Watts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edna_Purviance=Edna Purviance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Cleland=Max Cleland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zell_Miller=Zell Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cornyn=John Cornyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burgess_Meredith=Burgess Meredith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Walters=Barbara Walters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Dundas,_1st_Baron_Dundas=Thomas Dundas, I barone Dundas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Helpmann=Robert Helpmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Garc%C3%ADa=Alan García Pérez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polydore_Vergil=Polidoro Virgili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Nureyev=Rudol'f Nureev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Douglas,_4th_Earl_of_Morton=James Douglas, IV conte di Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Hanna=Kathleen Hanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Larousse=Pierre Larousse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laodice_I=Laodice I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ad%C3%A9mar_de_Chabannes=Ademaro di Chabannes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siegfried_Bing=Samuel Bing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meagan_Good=Meagan Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Levin=Carl Levin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendele_Mocher_Sforim=Mendele Moicher Sforim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Monnet=Jean Monnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jenkins_(composer)=John Jenkins (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_I,_Duke_of_Guise=Enrico di Guisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Quilley=Denis Quilley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinichi_Fujimura=Shin'ichi Fujimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Bean=Roy Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hetty_Green=Hetty Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Muhammad=Ruby Muhammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binjamin_Wilkomirski=Frantumi. Un'infanzia 1939-1948
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Sampson=Deborah Sampson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Boyle=Katie Boyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Winchester=Sarah Pardee Winchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Aspel=Michael Aspel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Lambert=Eleanor Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tian_Han=Tian Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Le_Prince=Louis Aimé Augustin Le Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B3n_Leifs=Jón Leifs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Tsang=Donald Tsang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Stowe=Madeleine Stowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Trejo=Danny Trejo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Lake=Veronica Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melchora_Aquino=Melchora Aquino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Todd_Lincoln=Robert Todd Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Rockefeller=Jay Rockefeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cypselus=Cipselo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Ferrier=Kathleen Ferrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_R._Gilruth=Robert R. Gilruth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideo_Kojima=Hideo Kojima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._J._Abrams=J. J. Abrams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmas_Damian_Asam=Cosmas Damian Asam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markus_Wolf=Markus Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berthold_Bartosch=Berthold Bartosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Volkmann=Robert Volkmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanya_Savicheva=Tanja Savičeva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Murner=Thomas Murner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Morita=Pat Morita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Pertwee=Sean Pertwee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadie_Frost=Sadie Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Archibald_Spooner=William Archibald Spooner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Benjamin_(composer)=George Benjamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Knussen=Oliver Knussen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirin_Ebadi=Shirin Ebadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Seelenbinder=Werner Seelenbinder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Nelson=Leonard Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Beaton=James Beaton (1473-1539)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Rott=Hans Rott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belinda_Carlisle=Belinda Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Fox=James Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Fox_(actor)=Edward Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Perrenot_de_Granvelle=Antoine Perrenot de Granvelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V%C3%A1clav_Neumann=Václav Neumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Shipley=Jenny Shipley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Ormandy=Eugene Ormandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Vogel_(politician)=Bernhard Vogel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yigal_Allon=Yigal Allon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiji_Ozawa=Seiji Ozawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ji%C5%99%C3%AD_Menzel=Jiří Menzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Kaluza=Theodor Kaluza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daryl_Hannah=Daryl Hannah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Bowring=Eva Bowring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Blunt=Anthony Blunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kissam_Vanderbilt=William Kissam Vanderbilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Rahman_Arif=Abd al-Rahman Arif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedy_Burress=Hedy Burress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_de_Malynes=Gerard de Malynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Chappelle=Dave Chappelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ehrlichman=John Ehrlichman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Lambert_Tallien=Jean-Lambert Tallien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charley_Chase=Charley Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Suk_(composer)=Josef Suk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ars%C3%A8ne_Houssaye=Arsène Houssaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Carrier=Jean-Baptiste Carrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Escoffier=Auguste Escoffier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Kern=Richard Kern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Perdue=Sonny Perdue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Henry=Brad Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Doyle=Jim Doyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Largent=Steve Largent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_McCallum=Scott McCallum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Ravenscroft=Thomas Ravenscroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torakusu_Yamaha=Yamaha Torakusu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lick=James Lick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mena_Suvari=Mena Suvari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Bernstein=Eduard Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Robert_Cotton,_1st_Baronet,_of_Connington=Robert Bruce Cotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Liebknecht=Wilhelm Liebknecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Holland=Sidney Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Archer=Anne Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Kyl=Jon Kyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Mockapetris=Paul Mockapetris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Reiser=Paul Reiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Flynn_(photojournalist)=Sean Flynn (fotoreporter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebasti%C3%A3o_Salgado=Sebastião Salgado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Istomin=Eugene Istomin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Vreeland=Diana Vreeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juicy_J=Juicy J
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keye_Luke=Keye Luke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dami%C3%A3o_de_G%C3%B3is=Damião de Góis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amira_Hass=Amira Hass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Muslim=Abu Muslim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilse_Koch=Ilse Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_C._Haldeman_II=Jack C. Haldeman II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_R%C3%BC%C3%BCtel=Arnold Rüütel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Bentham=Samuel Bentham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cobden=Richard Cobden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Curran=Alvin Curran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wuorinen=Charles Wuorinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Emden=Jacob Emden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvana_Mangano=Silvana Mangano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Kennedy=Caroline Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_Olin=Lena Olin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Kreisky=Bruno Kreisky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_Reiniger=Lotte Reiniger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Garber=Victor Garber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Cohen=Mickey Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyattes_I=Aliatte I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Donovan=Jason Donovan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duff_Cooper=Duff Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Malden=Karl Malden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yi_I=Yi I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Herbert=Don Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Mu'tasim=Al-Mu'tasim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yi_Hwang=Yi Hwang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heike_Makatsch=Heike Makatsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Rzewski=Frederic Rzewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurie_Spiegel=Laurie Spiegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._Holland_Day=Fred Holland Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Strickson=Mark Strickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler_Hoechlin=Tyler Hoechlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Tautou=Audrey Tautou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clea_DuVall=Clea DuVall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Jay=Ricky Jay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Clopton=Hugh Clopton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Wilson,_Baroness_Wilson_of_Rievaulx=Mary Wilson, baronessa Wilson di Rievaulx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Parker=Alan Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Karno=Fred Karno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Plummer=Christopher Plummer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rolph=James Rolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_vos_Savant=Marilyn vos Savant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Louis_Courier=Paul-Louis Courier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tzvetan_Todorov=Cvetan Todorov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longus=Longo Sofista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_de_Montemor=Jorge de Montemayor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Fonda=Bridget Fonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Ming_of_Han=Imperatore Ming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnabe_Googe=Barnabe Googe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Zhang_of_Han=Imperatore Zhang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_He_of_Han=Imperatore He
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Barker=Bob Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Shun_of_Han=Han Shundi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Alba=Jessica Alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Black=Jack Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Liang_(Western_Han)=Zhang Liang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Greenwood=Bruce Greenwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Gaspard_d'Ansse_de_Villoison=Jean-Baptiste-Gaspard d'Ansse de Villoison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne_Marc_Quatrem%C3%A8re=Étienne Marc Quatremère
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhart_Dozy=Reinhart Dozy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Hill=Lynn Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_Jekyll=Gertrude Jekyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldassare_Galuppi=Baldassare Galuppi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corey_Burton=Corey Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Garc%C3%ADa=Andy García
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaetano_Salvemini=Gaetano Salvemini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_V%C3%A1zquez_Montalb%C3%A1n=Manuel Vázquez Montalbán
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Rui=Cáo Ruì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bin_Ueda=Bin Ueda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ki_no_Tsurayuki=Ki no Tsurayuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuboku_Ishikawa=Takuboku Ishikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Fang=Cao Fang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsubouchi_Sh%C5%8Dy%C5%8D=Tsubouchi Shōyō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Mao=Cao Mao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamiki_Hara=Tamiki Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaoka_Shiki=Masaoka Shiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesca_Gregorini=Francesca Gregorini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Huan=Cao Huan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenenisa_Bekele=Kenenisa Bekele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jan_de_Goeje=Michael Jan de Goeje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_ibn_Jarir_al-Tabari=Ṭabarī
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_von_Giesebrecht=Wilhelm von Giesebrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Ishaq=Ibn Ishaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Whirry=Shannon Whirry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Tristan=Flora Tristan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Burns=Richard Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliahu_Inbal=Eliahu Inbal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tu_Weiming=Tu Weiming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Lord=Albert Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamoru_Oshii=Mamoru Oshii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmo_Gordon_Lang=Cosmo Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Fleischer=Nat Fleischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Russell,_15th_Duke_of_Bedford=Andrew Russell, XV duca di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Russell,_14th_Duke_of_Bedford=Robin Russell, XIV duca di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_Gosnold=Bartholomew Gosnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Bellamy=Samuel Bellamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_Diller=Phyllis Diller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myleene_Klass=Myleene Klass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Busch=Adam Busch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Strong=Danny Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaye_Davidson=Jaye Davidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nena=Nena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet_Landau=Juliet Landau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehan_de_Lescurel=Jehan de Lescurel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Efrem_Kurtz=Efrem Kurtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cena=John Cena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anan_ben_David=Anan ben David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronson_Pinchot=Bronson Pinchot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breck_Eisner=Breck Eisner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Panshin=Alexei Panshin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Cauchon=Pierre Cauchon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Freberg=Stan Freberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domingo_Ghirardelli=Domenico Ghirardelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Brannan=Samuel Brannan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Valla=Lorenzo Valla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Pallenberg=Anita Pallenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Sechter=Simon Sechter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Antonius=George Antonius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levi_Strauss=Levi Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_von_Wassermann=August von Wassermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodora_Kroeber=Theodora Kroeber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Kmoch=Hans Kmoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ra%C3%BAl_Juli%C3%A1=Raúl Juliá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Wimille=Jean-Pierre Wimille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nino_Benvenuti=Nino Benvenuti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gala_Dal%C3%AD=Gala Éluard Dalí
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Maltin=Leonard Maltin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgardo_Mortara=Caso Edgardo Mortara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Fabius_Maximus_Rullianus=Quinto Fabio Massimo Rulliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongane_Wally_Serote=Mongane Wally Serote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdullah_Ahmad_Badawi=Abdullah Ahmad Badawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Molyneux=Peter Molyneux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ay=Ay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Grover-Williams=William Grover-Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hamilton_(actor)=George Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Nielsen=Erik Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rolfe=John Rolfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%80ngel_Guimer%C3%A0=Àngel Guimerà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Ruff=Matt Ruff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._F._Schumacher=Ernst Friedrich Schumacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_Capponi=Pier Capponi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Carrel=Armand Carrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delphine_de_Girardin=Delphine Gay de Girardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veselin_Topalov=Veselin Topalov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Lodge=Oliver Joseph Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bond_(ornithologist)=James Bond (ornitologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_Van_Peebles=Melvin Van Peebles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Bell=Gordon Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Yong=Jin Yong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Papp=Joseph Papp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladwyn_Jebb=Gladwyn Jebb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Jatho=Karl Jatho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Nodier=Charles Nodier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Auguste_Ledru-Rollin=Alexandre Ledru-Rollin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Auguste_Blanqui=Auguste Blanqui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Anne_Th%C3%A9odule_Changarnier=Nicolas Changarnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Nielsen_(usability_consultant)=Jakob Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom%C3%A1s_Luis_de_Victoria=Tomás Luis de Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Adams_(ice_hockey)=Craig Adams (hockeista su ghiaccio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Albanel=Charles Albanel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_Anderson=Maxwell Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Janov=Arthur Janov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Macphail=Agnes Macphail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshe_Chaim_Luzzatto=Mosè Luzzatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Onassis=Christina Onassis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artaphernes=Artaferne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fouch%C3%A9=Joseph Fouché
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Antoine_de_Boissy_d'Anglas=François-Antoine de Boissy d'Anglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debra_Messing=Debra Messing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Robert_Lindet=Robert Lindet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Cerutti=Giuseppe Cerutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardas=Bardas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Willett=William Willett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitch_McConnell=Mitch McConnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morgentaler=Henry Morgentaler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddy_Chayefsky=Paddy Chayefsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Benoist=Robert Benoist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexey_Bestuzhev-Ryumin=Aleksej Petrovič Bestužev-Rjumin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blair_Brown=Blair Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazik_Staszewski=Kazik Staszewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Robinson,_1st_Marquess_of_Ripon=George Robinson, I marchese di Ripon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Bain=Conrad Bain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rue_McClanahan=Rue McClanahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrienne_Barbeau=Adrienne Barbeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Estevez=Emilio Estevez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_DeWitt=Joyce DeWitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Poynings=Edward Poynings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Munro_Ferguson,_1st_Viscount_Novar=Ronald Munro-Ferguson, I visconte Novar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muqtada_al-Sadr=Muqtada al-Sadr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Snell=Peter Snell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Madden_(director)=John Madden (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_of_Freising=Ottone di Frisinga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramzi_Yousef=Ramzi Yusuf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Harper=Valerie Harper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owain_mab_Urien=Owain mab Urien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiahou_Yuan=Xiahou Yuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Baird,_1st_Viscount_Stonehaven=John Baird, I visconte Stonehaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Ireland=William Henry Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustace_the_Monk=Eustachio il Monaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Piston=Walter Piston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mildred_Davis=Mildred Davis (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippias_(tyrant)=Ippia (tiranno)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Newley=Anthony Newley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hipparchus_(son_of_Peisistratos)=Ipparco (tiranno)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abe_Masakatsu=Abe Masakatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagisa_Oshima=Nagisa Ōshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akaza_Naoyasu=Akaza Naoyasu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Hore-Ruthven,_1st_Earl_of_Gowrie=Alexander Hore-Ruthven, I conte di Gowrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Thanhouser=Edwin Thanhouser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Roach=Jay Roach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bebe_Daniels=Bebe Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Laubach=Frank Laubach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Davis_(British_politician)=David Davis (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Brolin=James Brolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akita_Sanesue=Akita Sanesue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akita_Toshisue=Akita Toshisue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akizuki_Tanenaga=Akizuki Tanenaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alistair_Darling=Alistair Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shah_Rukh_Khan=Shah Rukh Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akizuki_Tanezane=Akizuki Tanezane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amakasu_Kagemochi=Amakasu Kagemochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amago_Haruhisa=Amago Haruhisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amago_Katsuhisa=Amago Katsuhisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amago_Kunihisa=Amago Kunihisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amago_Yoshihisa=Amago Yoshihisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amago_Okihisa=Amago Okihisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amago_Tsunehisa=Amago Tsunehisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Lotito=Michel Lotito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Corelli=Franco Corelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_al-Qasim_al-Zahrawi=Abu al-Qasim al-Zahrawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krystyna_Skarbek=Krystyna Skarbek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Pierce=Justin Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Brown=Louise Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Saltykov=Sergej Vasil'evič Saltykov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Slim,_1st_Viscount_Slim=William Slim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W%C5%82adys%C5%82aw_Sikorski=Władysław Sikorski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Abramovich=Roman Abramovič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Saatchi=Charles Saatchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Massey=William Massey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Clark=Dick Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mucia_Tertia=Mucia Terzia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Amyot=Jacques Amyot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Brant=Sebastian Brant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Karl_Theodor_Zarncke=Friedrich Zarncke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Joseph_Simrock=Karl Simrock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freidank=Freidank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peele=George Peele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Frank=Bruno Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Frescobaldi=Girolamo Frescobaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maeda_Toshitsune=Maeda Toshitsune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodotus_of_Byzantium=Teodoto di Bisanzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._H._Holmes=Henry Howard Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Richards_(surfer)=Mark Richards (surfista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rani_Mukerji=Rani Mukherjee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Norton=Peter Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cacamatzin=Cacamatzin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Rifkind=Malcolm Rifkind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Lortzing=Albert Lortzing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Karski=Jan Karski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hayes_Scullard=Howard Hayes Scullard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Fox_(politician)=William Fox (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolene_Blalock=Jolene Blalock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Park=Linda Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Tierney_Clark=William Tierney Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Massenet=Jules Massenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_John_Lubbock,_3rd_Baronet=John William Lubbock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manisha_Koirala=Manisha Koirala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bart_Berman=Bart Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margarete_Sch%C3%BCtte-Lihotzky=Margarete Schütte-Lihotzky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gann=Thomas Gann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Berezovsky_(businessman)=Boris Abramovič Berezovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuji_Naka=Yūji Naka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Moriyoshi=Morinaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Munetaka=Principe Munetaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murakami_Yoshikiyo=Murakami Yoshikiyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomiichi_Murayama=Tomiichi Murayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Keegan=John Keegan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Barbachano=Miguel Barbachano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Narinaga=Narinaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_van_Oldenbarnevelt=Johan van Oldenbarnevelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan,_Countess_of_Flanders=Giovanna di Costantinopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-France_Pisier=Marie-France Pisier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Ceccaldi=Daniel Ceccaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uschi_Glas=Uschi Glas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Forsythe=John Forsythe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Keating=Dominic Keating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Holland=Brian Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Heesters=Johannes Heesters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamone_Rossi=Salamone Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._A._Mitchell-Hedges=Frederick Albert Mitchell-Hedges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_Ringelblum=Emanuel Ringelblum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oda_Nagamasu=Oda Nagamasu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okudaira_Nobumasa=Okudaira Nobumasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Cold_Steve_Austin=Stone Cold Steve Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Lorenzetti=Pietro Lorenzetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vecchietta=Vecchietta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Achenbach=Andreas Achenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Loos=Anita Loos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_Rummel=Rudolph Joseph Rummel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakuma_Morimasa=Sakuma Morimasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Booth=Edwin Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanada_Masayuki=Sanada Masayuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanada_Yukimura=Sanada Yukimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia_Dukakis=Olympia Dukakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varian_Fry=Varian Fry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balthasar_G%C3%A9rard=Balthasar Gérard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Cheng=François Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junius_Brutus_Booth=Junius Brutus Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dawes=William Dawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Galindo=Juan Galindo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Palmer_(politician)=Geoffrey Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julianna_Margulies=Julianna Margulies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Forrest=John Forrest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Buhl=Hermann Buhl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Rossellino=Antonio Rossellino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Sansovino=Andrea Sansovino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Rossellino=Bernardo Rossellino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Sansovino=Jacopo Sansovino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anissa_Jones=Anissa Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_II,_Countess_of_Flanders=Margherita II di Fiandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Cherubini=Luigi Cherubini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M%C3%A1rio_Soares=Mário Soares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Henry_Hoover=Lou Hoover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Hampshire=Susan Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulette_Goddard=Paulette Goddard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Needham=Joseph Needham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophilus_Eaton=Theophilus Eaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Thompson_(designer)=Jim Thompson (stilista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gerrold=David Gerrold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Crellius=Johannes Crell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram%C3%B3n_G%C3%B3mez_de_la_Serna=Ramón Gómez de la Serna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram%C3%B3n_del_Valle-Incl%C3%A1n=Ramón María del Valle-Inclán
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Pr%C3%AAtre=Georges Prêtre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Reiner=Fritz Reiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Sanderling=Kurt Sanderling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Toplady=Augustus M. Toplady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girard_Desargues=Girard Desargues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanns_Kerrl=Hanns Kerrl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Sawallisch=Wolfgang Sawallisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Ludwig_Georg_von_Raumer=Friedrich Ludwig Georg von Raumer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_Cugat=Xavier Cugat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabrizio_Ruffo=Fabrizio Ruffo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Colletta=Pietro Colletta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine-Henri_Jomini=Antoine de Jomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Svetlanov=Evgenij Fëdorovič Svetlanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Sudek=Josef Sudek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Szell=George Szell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catharine_Beecher=Catharine Beecher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Howard,_21st_Earl_of_Arundel=Thomas Howard, XXI conte di Arundel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Kushner=Tony Kushner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfried_Martens=Wilfried Martens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wadlow=Robert Wadlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Kikoine=Michel Kikoine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Walker_(abolitionist)=David Walker (abolizionista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Faber=Heinrich Faber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Thyssen=Fritz Thyssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slavoljub_Eduard_Penkala=Slavoljub Eduard Penkala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ord=George Ord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoriano_Huerta=Victoriano Huerta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurore_Cl%C3%A9ment=Aurore Clément
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Kotov=Aleksandr Aleksandrovič Kotov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Rexroth=Kenneth Rexroth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascual_Orozco=Pascual Orozco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Adams_(chess_player)=Michael Adams (scacchista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Knight=Phil Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Charles_L'Enfant=Pierre L'Enfant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eug%C3%A8ne_Scribe=Mélesville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Wilson,_Baron_Wilson_of_Tillyorn=David Wilson (diplomatico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hector=James Hector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phocion=Focione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Temirkanov=Jurij Chatuevič Temirkanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Tilson_Thomas=Michael Tilson Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Julie_%C3%89l%C3%A9onore_de_Lespinasse=Jeanne Julie Éléonore de Lespinasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Foot_Moore=George Foot Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariana_Alcoforado=Mariana Alcoforado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marinus_of_Neapolis=Marino di Neapoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenodotus=Zenodoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crates_of_Mallus=Cratete di Mallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tzetzes=Giovanni Tzetzes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Schomberg,_1st_Duke_of_Schomberg=Friedrich von Schomberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_I,_Count_of_Flanders=Filippo I di Fiandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thierry,_Count_of_Flanders=Teodorico di Alsazia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Kert%C3%A9sz=André Kertész
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Eugene_Smith=William Eugene Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menander_Protector=Menandro Protettore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Ephesus=Giovanni da Efeso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_II,_Count_of_Flanders=Baldovino II di Fiandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_J._Gleason=Ralph J. Gleason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnulf_I,_Count_of_Flanders=Arnolfo I di Fiandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jann_Wenner=Jann Wenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnulf_II,_Count_of_Flanders=Arnolfo II di Fiandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbula=Rabbula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Rossetto=Louis Rossetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_IV,_Count_of_Flanders=Baldovino IV di Fiandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_V,_Count_of_Flanders=Baldovino V di Fiandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Salomon=Erich Salomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa_Charlie_Jackson=Papa Charlie Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_VI,_Count_of_Flanders=Baldovino VI di Fiandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_II,_Count_of_Flanders=Roberto II di Fiandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Viljam_Hagelin=Albert Viljam Hagelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_VII,_Count_of_Flanders=Baldovino VII di Fiandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Catherwood=Frederick Catherwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiichiro_Oda=Eiichirō Oda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thaksin_Shinawatra=Thaksin Shinawatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shang_Yang=Shang Yang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swanee_Hunt=Swanee Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Lilienthal=Otto Lilienthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawakami_Gensai=Kawakami Gensai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Shirov=Aleksej Dmitrievič Širov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia_Coppola=Sofia Coppola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Graham,_1st_Viscount_Dundee=John Graham, I visconte Dundee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Parrott=James Parrott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Sykes=William Henry Sykes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Spaak=Suzanne Spaak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Baker_(baritone)=George Baker (baritono)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Gronovius=Jakob Gronov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Delille=Jacques Delille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Pennant=Thomas Pennant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_of_Serugh=Giacomo di Sarug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philoxenus_of_Mabbug=Filosseno di Mabbug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Primo_de_Rivera=Miguel Primo de Rivera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Zimbalist=Stephanie Zimbalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malbim=Malbim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doris_Roberts=Doris Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_Palomo=Eduardo Palomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mallory=George Mallory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Fontaine_Maury=Matthew Fontaine Maury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_A._Romero=George A. Romero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Arlen=Harold Arlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Whymper=Edward Whymper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mack_Reynolds=Mack Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepi_II_Neferkare=Pepi II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Trevor=Claire Trevor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Bonnard=Pierre Bonnard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hanson=Howard Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theobald_II,_Count_of_Champagne=Tebaldo II di Champagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Stratten=Dorothy Stratten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Freiligrath=Ferdinand Freiligrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Latour=Bruno Latour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Gutzkow=Karl Ferdinand Gutzkow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Herwegh=Georg Herwegh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Oh=Sandra Oh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Sheik=The Iron Sheik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thal%C3%ADa=Thalía
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toni_Collette=Toni Collette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emin_Pasha=Emin Pascià
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lina_Medina=Lina Medina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Beaton=Cecil Beaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Savi=Paolo Savi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodora_(wife_of_Theophilos)=Teodora Armena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_von_Heuglin=Theodor von Heuglin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Ambrose_Sperry=Elmer Ambrose Sperry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_XV=Papa Giovanni XV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Takei=George Takei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_XVIII=Papa Giovanni XVIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Temple=Julien Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Wilson_(Texas_politician)=Charlie Wilson (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Moore_(racing_driver)=Greg Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Watanabe=Ken Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Buckley=Betty Buckley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Jarvik=Robert Jarvik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunku_Abdul_Rahman=Tunku Abdul Rahman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Casiraghi=Stefano Casiraghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellmuth_Walter=Hellmuth Walter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Hanslick=Eduard Hanslick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Gelfand=Izrail' Moiseevič Gel'fand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Lumet=Sidney Lumet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Kirsch_(poet)=Sarah Kirsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Ausl%C3%A4nder=Rose Ausländer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Fried=Erich Fried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bashar_al-Assad=Bashar al-Assad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_West=Billy West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Duncan_(Governor-General)=Patrick Duncan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Dwight_Weld=Theodore Dwight Weld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelina_Grimk%C3%A9=Angelina Grimké
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthelf_Bergstr%C3%A4sser=Gotthelf Bergsträsser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Isabelle=Katharine Isabelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Perkins=Emily Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Rop=Anton Rop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoto_Kan=Naoto Kan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Stone=Matt Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trey_Parker=Trey Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Rauparaha=Te Rauparaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Frank=Robert Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Rifkin=Ron Rifkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Vartan=Michael Vartan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_George=Melissa George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Lumbly=Carl Lumbly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Clarke_(poet)=Austin Clarke (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Tykwer=Tom Tykwer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Weisman=Kevin Weisman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_Cooper=Bradley Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Anders=David Anders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrin_Dungey=Merrin Dungey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Wallace_(humorist)=Danny Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Somerset,_1st_Duke_of_Beaufort=Henry Somerset, I duca di Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Hope=Leslie Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Meiselas=Susan Meiselas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Borel=Armand Borel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedda_Hopper=Hedda Hopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Proust=Joseph Proust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandy_Moore=Mandy Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Lablache=Luigi Lablache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christabel_Pankhurst=Christabel Pankhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Haise=Fred Haise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Bosley=Tom Bosley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Feldon=Barbara Feldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Pankhurst=Richard Pankhurst (attivista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azai_Hisamasa=Azai Hisamasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azai_Nagamasa=Azai Nagamasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azai_Sukemasa=Azai Sukemasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeda_Katsuyori=Takeda Katsuyori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torii_Tadamasa=Torii Tadamasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Kretz=Eric Kretz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lawford=Peter Lawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Bancroft=Ann Bancroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hasluck=Paul Hasluck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Dacier=André Dacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Alexandre_de_Calonne=Charles Alexandre de Calonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Chamfort=Sébastien-Roch Nicolas de Chamfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanneguy_Le_F%C3%A8vre=Tanneguy Le Fèvre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Dacier=Anne Le Fèvre Dacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurelius_Victor=Sesto Aurelio Vittore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Buffier=Claude Buffier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Annius_Florus=Floro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florus=Floro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelita_Galli-Curci=Amelita Galli-Curci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duane_Gish=Duane Gish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fortune=Robert Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juhani_Aho=Juhani Aho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Highland_Garnet=Henry Highland Garnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Reid=Harry Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Cornish=Samuel Cornish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Glover=Danny Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Forten=James Forten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolphe_Kreutzer=Rodolphe Kreutzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahya_Ayyash=Yahya Ayyash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Loudon=Dorothy Loudon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zelman_Cowen=Zelman Cowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentius_Petri=Laurentius Petri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Collier_(artist)=John Collier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmerich_K%C3%A1lm%C3%A1n=Emmerich Kálmán
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Winchester=Oliver Winchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dore_Schary=Dore Schary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Funicello=Annette Funicello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Negroponte=John Negroponte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Hutter=Jakob Hutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_C._Durant=William C. Durant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Perret=Auguste Perret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalmaneser_V=Salmanassar V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Abellio=Raymond Abellio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Domna=Giulia Domna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Dyson=James Dyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Winnicott=Donald Winnicott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucio_Fulci=Lucio Fulci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomie_Harris=Naomie Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Oppen=George Oppen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Willard=Emma Willard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Treacher=Arthur Treacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siegfried_Alkan=Siegfried Alkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esa-Pekka_Salonen=Esa-Pekka Salonen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sima_Yi=Sima Yi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meredith_Vieira=Meredith Vieira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Palmer=Nathaniel Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tivadar_Soros=Tivadar Soros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Spencer=John Canfield Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janina_Fry=Janina Frostell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillermo_Portabales=Guillermo Portabales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_May=James May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_M._Robinson=Frank M. Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Cooper=Peter Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Rakosi=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Siskel=Gene Siskel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Rodney=Walter Rodney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnaud_de_Borchgrave=Arnaud de Borchgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Croll=James Croll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aniello_Falcone=Aniello Falcone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Reinhard_Falck=Anton Reinhard Falck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Anthony_Ray=Gene Anthony Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charan_Singh=Charan Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Brandis=Jonathan Brandis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Lucas_(politician)=Henry Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Gulda=Friedrich Gulda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Aiton=William Aiton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%BCnter_Wand=Günter Wand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Tintner=Georg Tintner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_de_Clare,_5th_Earl_of_Gloucester=Gilberto di Clare, V conte di Gloucester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_de_Clare,_7th_Earl_of_Gloucester=Gilberto di Clare, VII conte di Gloucester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._K._Gujral=Inder Kumar Gujral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V._P._Singh=Vishwanath Pratap Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._D._Deve_Gowda=Haradanahalli Doddegowda Deve Gowda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardolph_L._Kline=Ardolph Loges Kline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_II,_Count_of_Champagne=Enrico II di Champagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_of_Champagne=Maria di Champagne (1174-1204)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Schuman=Robert Schuman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Powell=Eleanor Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_Rogers=Mimi Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._D._Tippit=J.D. Tippit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Stevens=Connie Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Davis_(actor)=Brad Davis (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Schickard=Wilhelm Schickard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_Ogilvy=Angus Ogilvy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barlaam_of_Seminara=Barlaam di Seminara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Ars%C3%A8ne_Arnaud_Claretie=Jules Claretie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lekain=Henri-Louis Kain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Mazursky=Paul Mazursky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois-Joseph_Talma=François-Joseph Talma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Ch%C3%A9nier=Marie-Joseph Chénier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Abel_Smith=Henry Abel Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_M._Stanton=Edwin McMasters Stanton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Blair=Linda Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Cameron=Simon Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Field=Eugene Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Collins=Susan Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Zwigoff=Terry Zwigoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Harkin=Tom Harkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decimus_Junius_Brutus_Callaicus=Decimo Giunio Bruto Callaico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeannette_Charles=Jeannette Charles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Rounds=Mike Rounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Riley=Bob Riley (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Richardson=Bill Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrose_Philips=Ambrose Philips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Macready=William Charles Macready
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letitia_Elizabeth_Landon=Letitia Elizabeth Landon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Forster_(biographer)=John Forster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Gance=Abel Gance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lazenby=George Lazenby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patch_Adams=Patch Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Morris,_1st_Viscount_Nuffield=William Morris (imprenditore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasili_Mitrokhin=Vasilij Nikitič Mitrochin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teoberto_Maler=Teoberto Maler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Linney=Laura Linney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabar%C3%A9_V%C3%A1zquez=Tabaré Vázquez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Hacker=Marilyn Hacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeuxis=Zeusi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Edwards=Anthony Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Drais=Karl Drais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ursula_Andress=Ursula Andress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_I,_Count_of_Champagne=Enrico I di Champagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jukka-Pekka_Saraste=Jukka-Pekka Saraste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theobald_III,_Count_of_Champagne=Tebaldo III di Champagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Kemble=Stephen Kemble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Kemble=Charles Kemble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_Kemble=Fanny Kemble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Philip_Kemble=John Philip Kemble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Moore_(dramatist)=Edward Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludovico_Antonio_Muratori=Ludovico Antonio Muratori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recep_Tayyip_Erdo%C4%9Fan=Recep Tayyip Erdoğan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Townshend=Charles Townshend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Turner_(naturalist)=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Forrest=Edwin Forrest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Barrett=Lawrence Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Archer_(critic)=William Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Gillott=Joseph Gillot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hydrick=James Hydrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendell_Phillips=Wendell Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Sherman-Palladino=Amy Sherman-Palladino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Bill_Hickok=Wild Bill Hickok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Lloyd_Morgan=Conwy Lloyd Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_de_Waal=Frans de Waal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Erich_Deutsch=Otto Erich Deutsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Sutherland=Joan Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Brody=Adam Brody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_II,_Count_of_Tripoli=Raimondo II di Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pons,_Count_of_Tripoli=Ponzio di Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Soaemias=Giulia Soemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Maesa=Giulia Mesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Avita_Mamaea=Giulia Mamea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Canova_da_Milano=Francesco da Milano (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renata_Tebaldi=Renata Tebaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nino_Burjanadze=Nino Burjanadze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Warren=Leonard Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayez_Banihammad=Fayez Banihammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Bledel=Alexis Bledel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dong_Zhuo=Dong Zhuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ironside=Michael Ironside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_de_Vlamingh=Willem de Vlamingh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Brouwer=Hendrik Brouwer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_de_Freycinet=Louis Claude de Saulces de Freycinet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Diemberger=Kurt Diemberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Nono=Luigi Nono (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvano_Bussotti=Sylvano Bussotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivini=Shivini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renata_Scotto=Renata Scotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiri_Te_Kanawa=Kiri Te Kanawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Aertsen=Pieter Aertsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Etty=William Etty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottorino_Respighi=Ottorino Respighi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand,_Count_of_Toulouse=Bertrando II di Tolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Schwarzkopf=Elisabeth Schwarzkopf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amalia_of_Solms-Braunfels=Amalia di Solms-Braunfels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Applewhite=Marshall Applewhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_Schultz=Dutch Schultz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Safonov=Vasilij Il'ič Safonov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gherasim_Luca=Gherasim Luca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evgeny_Kissin=Evgenij Igorevič Kisin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magda_Szubanski=Magda Szubanski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Crewdson=Gregory Crewdson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerrard_Winstanley=Gerrard Winstanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Horne=Marilyn Horne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri-Georges_Clouzot=Henri-Georges Clouzot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Makart=Hans Makart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_von_Supp%C3%A9=Franz von Suppé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmo_V%C3%A4nsk%C3%A4=Osmo Vänskä
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesses_I=Ramses I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Ramey=Samuel Ramey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yancy_Butler=Yancy Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raj_Kapoor=Raj Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Follen_McKim=Charles Follen McKim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Crawford=William Harris Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_G._Birney=James Gillespie Birney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicarchus=Nicarco II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_P._Kennedy=John Pendleton Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Donner=Richard Donner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bolcom=William Bolcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Raab=Stefan Raab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carradine=John Carradine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Henry_Hicks=Lawrence Henry Hicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Jorgensen=Christine Jorgensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Boublil=Alain Boublil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude-Michel_Sch%C3%B6nberg=Claude-Michel Schönberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_de_Bono=Edward De Bono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Eyes_Cody=Iron Eyes Cody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Berenger=Tom Berenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Ward=Rachel Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neeme_J%C3%A4rvi=Neeme Järvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lew_Welch=Lew Welch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis,_Prince_of_Cond%C3%A9_(1530%E2%80%931569)=Luigi I di Borbone-Condé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_de_Montmorency=Anne de Montmorency (duca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Paul_Boon=Louis Paul Boon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draupadi=Draupadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_VIII_Physcon=Tolomeo VIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_de_Lauretis=Teresa de Lauretis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Ammann=Simon Ammann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%B6ran_Kropp=Göran Kropp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Dmytryk=Edward Dmytryk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Butler=Dan Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diadumenian=Diadumeniano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_E._DeBakey=Michael E. DeBakey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Aird=Thomas Aird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Motherwell=William Motherwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Peter_Salomon=Johann Peter Salomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dom_Mintoff=Dom Mintoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_of_Beauvais=Vincenzo di Beauvais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Stafford_(politician)=Edward Stafford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Courtemanche=Michel Courtemanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_B._Mayer=Louis B. Mayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Piccoli=Michel Piccoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bell_Scott=William Bell Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Douhet=Giulio Douhet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hawkins_(naval_commander)=John Hawkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnaeus_Naevius=Gneo Nevio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stewart,_1st_Earl_of_Moray=Giacomo Stewart (conte di Moray)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Livingston=Margaret Livingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurl_Ravenscroft=Thurl Ravenscroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Herrmann=Edward Herrmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bach=Edward Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Barrymore=Ethel Barrymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._W._Botha=Pieter Willem Botha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strother_Martin=Strother Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Frank=Philipp Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balbinus=Balbino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pupienus=Pupieno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_K%C3%A4hler=Erich Kähler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asta_Nielsen=Asta Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_William_Jerrold=Douglas William Jerrold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis,_Duke_of_Guise=Francesco I di Guisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles,_Cardinal_of_Lorraine=Carlo di Lorena (1524-1574)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radley_Metzger=Radley Metzger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lajos_Kossuth=Lajos Kossuth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Piscopo=Joe Piscopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Fish=Hamilton Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Roth=Tim Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_MacFarlane=Seth MacFarlane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eben_Moglen=Eben Moglen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Drake=Alfred Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_J._Adams=Carol J. Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_P%C3%A1ez=Pedro Páez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Raskova=Marina Raskova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theobald_II_of_Navarre=Tebaldo II di Navarra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutan=Nutan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Robert=Alain Robert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Iler=Robert Iler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Julius_Priscus=Gaio Giulio Prisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Bey_Al-Kabir=Ali Bey Al-Kabir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Cushman=Pauline Cushman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Kamov=Nikolaj Il'ič Kamov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Tower=Joan Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia_Gubaidulina=Sofija Asgatovna Gubajdulina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_La_Barbara=Joan La Barbara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Roscoe=William Roscoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Flatley=Michael Flatley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Savage_Landor=Walter Savage Landor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurel_Vlaicu=Aurel Vlaicu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Lavedan=Henri Lavedan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Morton_(computer_programmer)=Andrew Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Torberg=Friedrich Torberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quanah_Parker=Quanah Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Pilcher=Percy Pilcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicente_Huidobro=Vicente Huidobro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Louisa_Kelly=Jean Louisa Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daws_Butler=Daws Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimo_Salvadori=Massimo Salvadori Paleotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Biggerstaff=Sean Biggerstaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcia_Gay_Harden=Marcia Gay Harden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostino_Agazzari=Agostino Agazzari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Trollmann=Johann Trollmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Cheng'en=Wú Chéng'ēn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_d'Indy=Vincent d'Indy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Khamenei=Ali Khamenei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Heinrich_Graun=Carl Heinrich Graun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_Francesco_Tosi=Pier Francesco Tosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Badge_Dale=James Badge Dale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudine_Gu%C3%A9rin_de_Tencin=Claudine Guérin de Tencin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvain_Chomet=Sylvain Chomet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Howard,_5th_Duke_of_Norfolk=Thomas Howard, V duca di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Hogwood=Christopher Hogwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Chlumsky=Anna Chlumsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_F._Kennan=George Frost Kennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Sinding=Christian Sinding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dingell=John Dingell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Assagioli=Roberto Assagioli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Phillips=Peter Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Scarborough=Joe Scarborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._O'Sullivan=John L. O'Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ira_D._Sankey=Ira D. Sankey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judd_Nelson=Judd Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Voronin=Vladimir Voronin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Macbeth_Moir=David Macbeth Moir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendan_Fraser=Brendan Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Churton_Collins=John Churton Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theresa_Berkley=Theresa Berkley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Kenner=Hugh Kenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Eisenstaedt=Alfred Eisenstaedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Campbell,_1st_Baron_Campbell=John Campbell, I barone Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_D._Young=Owen D. Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phineas_Gage=Phineas Gage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Hern%C3%A1ndez_(writer)=José Hernández (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pehr_Kalm=Pehr Kalm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Kalinin=Michail Ivanovič Kalinin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DJ_Hell=DJ Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_de_Fun%C3%A8s=Louis de Funès
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiko_Fujio=Fujiko Fujio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Panofsky=Erwin Panofsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Belenko=Viktor Ivanovič Belenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Leppard=Raymond Leppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Subotnick=Morton Subotnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hemmings=David Hemmings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobus_Arminius=Jacob Arminio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Lloyd=Marie Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Hansen_Tammsaare=A. H. Tammsaare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Robinett=Warren Robinett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bulwer-Lytton,_1st_Earl_of_Lytton=Robert Bulwer-Lytton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_D'Agata=Mario D'Agata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apries=Aprie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Costello=Peter Costello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordi_Sabater_Pi=Jordi Sabater Pi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Fasch=Johann Friedrich Fasch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Van=Miss Van
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Giffen=Robert Giffen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Seward=Anna Seward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Wright_of_Derby=Joseph Wright of Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V%C3%ADt%C4%9Bzslav_Nov%C3%A1k=Vítězslav Novák
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Anger=Kenneth Anger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Gomarus=Franciscus Gomarus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Kubel%C3%ADk=Jan Kubelík
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Luckmann=Thomas Luckmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severo_Bonini=Severo Bonini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krystian_Zimerman=Krystian Zimerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Flagler=Henry Flagler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khadaffy_Janjalani=Khadaffy Janjalani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Valerius_Laevinus=Publio Valerio Levino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinsharishkun=Sin-shar-ishkun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justinus_Kerner=Justinus Kerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaus_Lenau=Nikolaus Lenau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiajing_Emperor=Jiajing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Reubke=Julius Reubke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Krupp_von_Bohlen_und_Halbach=Gustav Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zine_El_Abidine_Ben_Ali=Zine El-Abidine Ben Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Goldwyn=Samuel Goldwyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Farrell_(actress)=Terry Farrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_de_Falla=Manuel de Falla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Said_Bahaji=Sa'id Bahaji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_de_Mille=Agnes de Mille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Richie=Nicole Richie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Mac%C3%ADas_Nguema=Francisco Macías Nguema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Romero=Cesar Romero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorismund=Torismondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodoric_II=Teodorico II (Visigoti)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Ren=Cao Ren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatoli_Boukreev=Anatolij Bukreev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin_Dor=Karin Dor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Addie=Robert Addie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_McGoohan=Patrick McGoohan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Jacobs=René Jacobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_McMahon=Julian McMahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashur-uballit_I=Ashur-uballit I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuttarna_II=Shuttarna II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Formby=George Formby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilukhipa=Gilukhipa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_DiMaggio=John DiMaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Faurisson=Robert Faurisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera-Ellen=Vera-Ellen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamoru_Shigemitsu=Mamoru Shigemitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Chorzempa=Daniel Chorzempa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desir%C3%A9-Raoul_Rochette=Désiré-Raoul Rochette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Botha=Louis Botha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Bottesini=Giovanni Bottesini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Alessandro_Guglielmi=Pietro Alessandro Guglielmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multatuli=Multatuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Globke=Hans Globke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mireya_Moscoso=Mireya Moscoso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havelock_Ellis=Havelock Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Ziani=Pietro Ziani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Fran%C3%A7ois_Pr%C3%A9vost=Antoine François Prévost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Pires=Pedro Pires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Pacheco=Abel Pacheco de la Espriella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyude_Bryant=Gyude Bryant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%BCnter_Guillaume=Günter Guillaume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahya_Jammeh=Yahya Jammeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Yong-nam=Kim Yong-nam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Maxwell_Davies=Peter Maxwell Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_III_of_Cyprus=Ugo III di Cipro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_Jamal_Khalifa=Muhammad Jamal Khalifa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethany_Hamilton=Bethany Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Haynes=Todd Haynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Qun=Zhang Qun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corneliu_Vadim_Tudor=Corneliu Vadim Tudor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hepplewhite=George Hepplewhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Manoury=Philippe Manoury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascal_Dusapin=Pascal Dusapin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Smits=Jimmy Smits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britt_Ekland=Britt Ekland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Cabot_(actor)=Sebastian Cabot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Askin=Leon Askin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Martin_Kraus=Joseph Martin Kraus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shi_Nai'an=Shi Nai'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Davidson_(food_writer)=Alan Davidson (scrittore 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Friedkin=William Friedkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Leigh=Mike Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Lonfernini=Giovanni Lonfernini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fradique_de_Menezes=Fradique de Menezes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Kagame=Paul Kagame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Natapei=Edward Natapei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Venetiaan=Runaldo Ronald Venetiaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emomalii_Rahmon=Emomalī Rahmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_al-Bashir=Omar Hasan Ahmad al-Bashir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Qadir_Bajamal=Abdul Qadir Bajamal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Gonsalves=Ralph Gonsalves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Sidorsky=Sjarhej Sidorski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaleda_Zia=Khaleda Zia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalifa_bin_Salman_Al_Khalifa=Khalifa bin Salman Al Khalifa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramanga_Ernest_Yonli=Paramanga Ernest Yonli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hun_Sen=Hun Sen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivica_Ra%C4%8Dan=Ivica Račan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dileita_Mohamed_Dileita=Dileita Mohamed Dileita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apolo_Nsibambi=Apolo Nsibambi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Landham=Sonny Landham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_Ghannouchi=Mohamed Ghannouchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniyal_Akhmetov=Danıal Ahmetov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koffi_Sama=Koffi Sama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oqil_Oqilov=Oqil Oqilov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Deutsch=Peter Deutsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nouhak_Phoumsavanh=Nouhak Phoumsavanh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_III_of_Cyprus=Giacomo III di Cipro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_II_of_Cyprus=Giovanni II di Cipro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_B._Wells=Ida B. Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_I_of_Cyprus=Ugo I di Cipro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Blake=Edward Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Hertel=Heinrich Hertel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Nordhoff=Heinrich Nordhoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Bruford=Bill Bruford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferenc_De%C3%A1k=Ferenc Deák
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_W%C3%B6lfli=Adolf Wölfli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ildefons_Cerd%C3%A0=Ildefons Cerdà i Sunyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Osbourne=Jack Osbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joaqu%C3%ADn_Turina=Joaquín Turina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Kahn_(architect)=Albert Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Libavius=Andreas Libavius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Bell=Joshua Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Weathers=Carl Weathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Inosanto=Dan Inosanto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Reed=Donna Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goh_Kun=Goh Kun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Kettle=Black Kettle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Sylla=Jacques Sylla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafic_Hariri=Rafīq al-Ḥarīrī
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Fenech_Adami=Eddie Fenech Adami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sghair_Ould_M'Bareck=Sghair Ould M'Bareck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Leclercq=Patrick Leclercq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascoal_Mocumbi=Pascoal Mocumbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Makuza=Bernard Makuza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hama_Amadou=Hama Amadou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theo-Ben_Gurirab=Theo-Ben Gurirab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_N%C4%83stase=Adrian Năstase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Ballantyne=Frederick Ballantyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_bin_Laden=Salem bin Laden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%81lvar_N%C3%BA%C3%B1ez_Cabeza_de_Vaca=Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abe_Saperstein=Abe Saperstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_Woods=Granville Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kelly_(inventor)=William Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Helgeland=Brian Helgeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ann_Mobley=Mary Ann Mobley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Oakley=Annie Oakley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paavo_J%C3%A4rvi=Paavo Järvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazarine_Pingeot=Mazarine Pingeot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Snow_Harris=William Snow Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Sarwer-Foner=Henry Sarwer-Foner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanis%C5%82aw_Witkiewicz=Stanisław Witkiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rae_Armantrout=Rae Armantrout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Perry=Anne Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dev_Anand=Dev Anand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Otway=Thomas Otway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Bragg=William Henry Bragg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C%C3%A9sar_Vichard_de_Saint-R%C3%A9al=César Vichard de Saint-Réal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu_Suzuki=Yu Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Rudolf_Merz=Hans-Rudolf Merz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sancho_VII_of_Navarre=Sancho VII di Navarra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lennox,_3rd_Duke_of_Richmond=Charles Lennox, III duca di Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Nassau_de_Zuylestein,_4th_Earl_of_Rochford=Guglielmo Enrico di Nassau-Zuylestein, IV conte di Rochford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_G._Wilson=Kenneth Geddes Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wills_Hill,_1st_Marquess_of_Downshire=Wills Hill, I marchese del Downshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Harley,_1st_Earl_of_Oxford_and_Earl_Mortimer=Robert Harley, I conte di Oxford e conte di Mortimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Healy=Ted Healy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Vincent_Ben%C3%A9t=Stephen Vincent Benét
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncas=Uncas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Baudin=Nicolas Baudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_John_Hamilton=William John Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_J._McGivney=Michael J. McGivney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Richard_Orage=Alfred Richard Orage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Carpenter=Edward Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_von_Brandt=Johann Friedrich von Brandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Yorke,_1st_Earl_of_Hardwicke=Philip Yorke, I conte di Hardwicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Yorke,_3rd_Earl_of_Hardwicke=Philip Yorke, III conte di Hardwicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Yorke,_4th_Earl_of_Hardwicke=Charles Yorke, IV conte di Hardwicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%BCnter_Wallraff=Günter Wallraff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Koster=Henry Koster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Holmes_McGuffey=William Holmes McGuffey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah=Debora (profetessa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryoko_Tani=Ryōko Tamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Chang=Sarah Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Shaw_(actor)=Sebastian Shaw (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Schnittke=Al'fred Garrievič Šnitke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gracie_Fields=Gracie Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Mayer_Rothschild=Nathan Mayer Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_James_de_Rothschild=Edmond James de Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Dowson=Ernest Dowson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Macy=William H. Macy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasumi_Matsuno=Yasumi Matsuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustinas_Voldemaras=Augustinas Voldemaras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aistulf=Astolfo (re)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Mulhare=Edward Mulhare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hope_(1769%E2%80%931831)=Thomas Hope (banchiere 1769)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Daniel_Rauch=Christian Daniel Rauch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_von_Seydlitz=Friedrich Wilhelm von Seydlitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gadsden=James Gadsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Karl_von_Diebitsch=Hans Karl von Diebitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Gadsden=Christopher Gadsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Gyllenhaal=Maggie Gyllenhaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_John-Jules=Danny John-Jules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Frost=David Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crispin_Glover=Crispin Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lea_Thompson=Lea Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Roberts=Eric Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_York=Dick York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilia_Chavchavadze=Ilia Chavchavadze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christie_Hefner=Christie Hefner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mapfumo=Thomas Mapfumo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitriy_Ustinov=Dmitrij Fëdorovič Ustinov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Suslov=Michail Andreevič Suslov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeri_Ryan=Jeri Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Box_Brown=Henry Box Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Baltz=Lewis Baltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_A._Larson=Glen A. Larson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Shaara=Michael Shaara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Godwin=Tom Godwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shavkat_Mirziyoyev=Shavkat Mirziyoyev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivo_Sanader=Ivo Sanader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cassin=John Cassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hervey,_1st_Earl_of_Bristol=John Hervey, I conte di Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Pierrepont,_Duchess_of_Kingston-upon-Hull=Elizabeth Chudleigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Rheingold=Howard Rheingold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Foote=Samuel Foote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Hervey,_1st_Marquess_of_Bristol=Frederick Hervey, I marchese di Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Harrer=Heinrich Harrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Hervey,_4th_Earl_of_Bristol=Frederick Hervey, IV conte di Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Digby,_2nd_Earl_of_Bristol=George Digby, II conte di Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Graham,_1st_Marquess_of_Montrose=James Graham, I marchese di Montrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Mary_Wortley_Montagu=Mary Wortley Montagu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gordon,_2nd_Marquess_of_Huntly=George Gordon, II marchese di Huntly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sandys_(classicist)=John Edwin Sandys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gordon,_1st_Marquess_of_Huntly=George Gordon, I marchese di Huntly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Romberg=Sigmund Romberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekaterina_Karsten=Kacjaryna Karstėn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89douard_Daladier=Édouard Daladier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyatt_Earp=Wyatt Earp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wriothesley,_1st_Earl_of_Southampton=Thomas Wriothesley, I conte di Southampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juli_Furtado=Juli Furtado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilip_Kumar=Dilip Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_More=Kenneth More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbas_Kiarostami=Abbas Kiarostami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Jean_Pierre_Vieillot=Louis Jean Pierre Vieillot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Arquette=Patricia Arquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Grant=Julia Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Nixon=Pat Nixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Oxenberg=Catherine Oxenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgil_Earp=Virgil Earp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ross_(Cherokee_chief)=John Ross (capo indiano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Willem_van_Loon=Hendrik Willem van Loon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mila_Kunis=Mila Kunis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Rolle=Esther Rolle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Boucher=Anthony Boucher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_F._Galouye=Daniel F. Galouye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_P._Rogers=William Pierce Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuben_Fine=Reuben Fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Cetti=Francesco Cetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Sturges=Preston Sturges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Andrea_Bonelli=Franco Andrea Bonelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Radde=Gustav Radde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Octavian_Hume=Allan Octavian Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_della_Marmora=Alberto La Marmora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_St._Leger=Barrimore Matthew St. Leger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Herkimer=Nicholas Herkimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Francis_(politician)=Philip Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Manners,_3rd_Duke_of_Rutland=John Manners, III duca di Rutland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yemelyan_Pugachev=Emel'jan Ivanovič Pugačëv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lori_Loughlin=Lori Loughlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Davis_(English_explorer)=John Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeschines=Eschine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahlia_Ravikovitch=Dahlia Ravikovitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Hopkins_Adams=Samuel Hopkins Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Frank=Omicidio di Mary Phagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ioan_Gruffudd=Ioan Gruffudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Edgcumbe,_1st_Baron_Edgcumbe=Richard Edgcumbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dobson_(amateur_astronomer)=John Dobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Vansittart,_1st_Baron_Bexley=Nicholas Vansittart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_H%C3%A9bert=Jacques-René Hébert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Barthou=Louis Barthou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husayn_ibn_Ali=Al-Husayn ibn Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gmelin=Christian Gottlob Gmelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Gmelin=Johann Georg Gmelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne_de_Silhouette=Étienne de Silhouette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Serkis=Andy Serkis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kajol=Kajol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pran_Nath_(musician)=Prân Nath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Howard_Latimer=Lewis Latimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Shippey=Tom Shippey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_II,_King_of_Armenia=Costantino IV d'Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_III,_King_of_Armenia=Costantino V d'Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_IV,_King_of_Armenia=Costantino VI d'Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Benoit=Chris Benoit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joscelin_II,_Count_of_Edessa=Joscelin II di Edessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_of_Korikos=Maria di Corico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshin_of_Korikos=Oscin di Corico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_IV,_King_of_Armenia=Leone V d'Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibylla_of_Lusignan=Sibilla di Lusignano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joscelin_III,_Count_of_Edessa=Joscelin III di Edessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himiltrude=Imiltrude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fastrada=Fastrada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hethum_I,_King_of_Armenia=Aitone I d'Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_II,_King_of_Armenia=Leone III d'Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janusz_Kami%C5%84ski=Janusz Kaminski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Miller=Philip Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Ursinus=Oskar Ursinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Gordon_Selfridge=Harry Gordon Selfridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_di_Prima=Diane di Prima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octave_Chanute=Octave Chanute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashraf_Ghani=Ashraf Ghani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cook=Thomas Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_de_la_Boische,_Marquis_de_Beauharnois=Charles de La Boische
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hege_Riise=Hege Riise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berthold_Auerbach=Berthold Auerbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Steevens=George Steevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Black_(novelist)=William Black (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dietrich_Eckart=Dietrich Eckart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P%C3%A9rotin=Pérotin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cromwell=James Cromwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_III,_King_of_Armenia=Leone IV d'Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoros_III,_King_of_Armenia=Teodoro III d'Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_I_of_Cyprus=Enrico I di Cipro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Pelham,_2nd_Earl_of_Chichester=Thomas Pelham, II conte di Chichester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francysk_Skaryna=Francysk Skaryna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%BCrgen_Schmidhuber=Jürgen Schmidhuber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_McGoldrick=Michael McGoldrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Martin=Chris Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_A._Palmer=Raymond A. Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._O'Conor_Sloane=T. O'Conor Sloane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Berwald=Franz Berwald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyril_Bonfiglioli=Kyril Bonfiglioli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Cairns,_1st_Earl_Cairns=Hugh Cairns, I conte Cairns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Cartier-Bresson=Henri Cartier-Bresson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Yorke=Charles Yorke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Philip_Yorke=Charles Philip Yorke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bathurst,_2nd_Earl_Bathurst=Henry Bathurst, II conte Bathurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bright_(physician)=Richard Bright (medico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pratt,_1st_Marquess_Camden=John Pratt, I marchese di Camden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Lartet=Louis Lartet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89douard_Lartet=Édouard Lartet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_of_Armenia=Stefano d'Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshin,_King_of_Armenia=Oscin d'Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_I,_King_of_Armenia=Costantino III d'Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Tubin=Eduard Tubin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahim_Ademi=Rahim Ademi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Allin_Cornell=Eric Allin Cornell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Ludwig_Mejdell_Sylow=Peter Ludwig Mejdell Sylow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Winkler=Henry Winkler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Smith-Stanley,_13th_Earl_of_Derby=Edward Smith-Stanley, XIII conte di Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisha_Collier=Elisha Collier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Kranz=Eugene F. Kranz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Kraus_(writer)=Karl Kraus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Derjaguin=Boris Vladimorovič Derjagin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Sainz=Carlos Sainz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Miner=Rachel Miner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Qian=Zhang Qian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Front=Rebecca Front
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Campbell,_2nd_Duke_of_Argyll=John Campbell, II duca di Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elias_Ashmole=Elias Ashmole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympe_de_Gouges=Olympe de Gouges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_von_B%C3%A1ky=Josef von Báky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sopwith=Thomas Sopwith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kath_Soucie=Kath Soucie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._J._Hogan=P. J. Hogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Urban=Karl Urban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andres_Serrano=Andres Serrano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa-Mae=Vanessa-Mae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyotomi_Hideyori=Toyotomi Hideyori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artur_Davis=Artur Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Rogers_(Alabama_politician)=Mike Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Aderholt=Robert Aderholt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Bachus=Spencer Bachus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Young=Don Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Pastor=Ed Pastor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley_Moore_Capito=Shelley Moore Capito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B6rg_Lanz_von_Liebenfels=Josef Lanz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambyses_I=Cambise I di Persia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Aumont=Jean-Pierre Aumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Bostrom=Nick Bostrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukteswar_Giri=Sri Yukteswar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikue_Mori=Ikue Mori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahiri_Mahasaya=Lahiri Mahasaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Pitino=Rick Pitino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Stapleton=Jean Stapleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Sedaris=Amy Sedaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Shklovsky=Viktor Borisovič Šklovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Struthers=Sally Struthers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Strozzi=Barbara Strozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Brumel=Antoine Brumel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Tiahrt=Todd Tiahrt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wally_Herger=Wally Herger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Miller_(California_politician)=George Miller (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhai_Tang=Muhai Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Carroll=Jim Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwika_Paleta=Ludwika Paleta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Goodson=Mark Goodson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luisa_Tetrazzini=Luisa Tetrazzini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdel_Aziz_al-Rantisi=Abd al-Aziz al-Rantissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Cuban=Mark Cuban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_de_Lancie=John de Lancie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Stark=Pete Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoe_Lofgren=Zoe Lofgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Radanovich=George Radanovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_McKeon=Howard McKeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Obey=Dave Obey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Petri=Tom Petri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Hunter=Jeffrey Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Waxman=Henry Waxman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxine_Waters=Maxine Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Hall=Tom Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Napolitano=Grace Napolitano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Elliott=Herb Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Strickland=Shirley Strickland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Kempson=Rachel Kempson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_James_(guitarist)=Brian James (chitarrista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Charri%C3%A8re=Henri Charrière
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boaz_Yakin=Boaz Yakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Wellesley,_2nd_Duke_of_Wellington=Arthur Wellesley, II duca di Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wellesley,_3rd_Duke_of_Wellington=Henry Wellesley, III duca di Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Taylor_Bradford=Barbara Taylor Bradford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Dovlatov=Sergej Donatovič Dovlatov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Wordsworth=Dorothy Wordsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Marinina=Aleksandra Marinina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Gaburo=Kenneth Gaburo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witold_Lutos%C5%82awski=Witold Lutosławski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_H%C3%B6ss=Rudolf Höß
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Lewin=Daniel Lewin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Michaud=Mike Michaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Davis_(politician)=Susan Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Sumpter=Jeremy Sumpter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_of_Augsburg=Bruno di Augusta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Tamagno=Francesco Tamagno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Salvi=Lorenzo Salvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayne_Mansfield=Jayne Mansfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_David=Hal David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasile_Lupu=Vasile Lupu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Esquivel=Manuel Esquivel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_O'Reilly=Tim O'Reilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Udall=Mark Udall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Rahall=Nick Rahall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gordon-Lennox,_6th_Duke_of_Richmond=Charles Gordon-Lennox, VI duca di Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Tancredo=Tom Tancredo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Citro%C3%ABn=André Citroën
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Shays=Chris Shays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Beach=Amy Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Lipstadt=Deborah Lipstadt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Rayburn=Sam Rayburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Bonington=Chris Bonington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Jones_(game_developer)=Chris Jones (Obsidian Entertainment)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_McCarthy=Carolyn McCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leontyne_Price=Leontyne Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hammond=Richard Hammond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyohiko_Azuma=Kiyohiko Azuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Noble=Maurice Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Denza=Luigi Denza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Colson=Charles Colson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Miller_(Florida_politician)=Jeff Miller (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrine_Brown=Corrine Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Young=Bill Young (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Caan=James Caan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Sonnino=Sidney Sonnino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C8%98erban_Cantacuzino=Șerban Cantacuzino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Thomas=Michelle Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Brownell,_Jr.=Herbert Brownell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_de_Boer=Nicole de Boer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Phillips_(geologist)=William Phillips (geologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendrick_Meek=Kendrick Meek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ancher=Michael Ancher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wexler=Robert Wexler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ileana_Ros-Lehtinen=Ileana Ros-Lehtinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_Shaw=Clay Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcee_Hastings=Alcee Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tia_Carrere=Tia Carrere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Piper_(theologian)=John Piper (predicatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernie_Ecclestone=Bernie Ecclestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taejo_of_Joseon=Taejo di Joseon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Tomalin=Claire Tomalin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Orteig=Raymond Orteig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josep_Llu%C3%ADs_Sert=Josep Lluís Sert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Gr%C3%A4fenberg=Ernst Gräfenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balbina_Steffenone=Balbina Steffenone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_O'Connell=Helen O'Connell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Ho=Edmund Ho Hau-wah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ban_Gu=Ban Gu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Kingston=Jack Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford_Bishop=Sanford Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Ott=Fred Ott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Gingrey=Phil Gingrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahm_Emanuel=Rahm Emanuel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Cram=Steve Cram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Ovett=Steve Ovett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Alleyn=Edward Alleyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_the_Evangelist=Filippo (diacono)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Weller=Jerry Weller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Biggert=Judy Biggert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_de_Houtman=Frederick de Houtman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Scoggins=Tracy Scoggins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Zale=Tony Zale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V%C3%A1clav_Bro%C5%BE%C3%ADk=Václav Brožík
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Chocola=Chris Chocola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Lahr=Bert Lahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaventura_Cavalieri=Bonaventura Cavalieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Schouten=Willem Schouten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_Hastings=Doc Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellie_McClung=Nellie McClung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juha_Kankkunen=Juha Kankkunen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Granholm=Jennifer Granholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_Moreno=Rita Moreno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Nussle=Jim Nussle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_King=Steve King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marla_Sokoloff=Marla Sokoloff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Moran=Jim Moran (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Reed=Walter Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_Ford=Faith Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Schippers=Thomas Schippers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound,_2nd_Earl_of_Minto=Gilbert Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound, II conte di Minto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilna_Gaon=Gaon di Vilna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Hauch=Johannes Carsten Hauch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaine_Paige=Elaine Paige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zacharias_Werner=Zacharias Werner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriela_Silang=Gabriela Silang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%A9on_Goossens=Léon Goossens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Christoph_von_K%C3%B6nigsmarck=Philip Christoph Königsmarck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amar_Bose=Amar G. Bose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiang_Fang-liang=Chiang Fang-liang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wain=John Wain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Alexander=Douglas Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semyon_Dezhnev=Semën Ivanovič Dežnëv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Rudolf_(conductor)=Max Rudolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunter_d'Alquen=Gunter d'Alquen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Amann=Max Amann (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artur_Axmann=Artur Axmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judd_Hirsch=Judd Hirsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gedde_Watanabe=Gedde Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Tillich=Paul Tillich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ab%C5%AB_Ish%C4%81q_Ibr%C4%81h%C4%ABm_al-Zarq%C4%81l%C4%AB=Al-Zarqali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Roth=Joe Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Sizemore=Tom Sizemore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincente_Minnelli=Vincente Minnelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Vitter=David Vitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_J._Jefferson=William J. Jefferson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_Ruppersberger=Dutch Ruppersberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Waddell=Rob Waddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Alexander_(actor)=Ben Alexander (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steny_Hoyer=Steny Hoyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haroun_Tazieff=Haroun Tazieff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elijah_Cummings=Elijah Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Van_Hollen=Chris Van Hollen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Watt=Mel Watt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bercow=John Bercow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyer_Schapiro=Meyer Schapiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Fest=Joachim Fest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_White=Betty White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billie_Piper=Billie Piper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Tripp=June Howard Tripp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vin_Diesel=Vin Diesel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Chiba=Sonny Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Christian_Lumbye=Hans Christian Lumbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menestheus=Menesteo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wynn_Westcott=William Wynn Westcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Grandy=Fred Grandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexa_Doig=Lexa Doig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preity_Zinta=Preity Zinta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Carington,_6th_Baron_Carrington=Peter Carington, VI barone Carrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Zener=Clarence Zener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_I,_Elector_of_Bavaria=Massimiliano I di Baviera (elettore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamie_Eisenhower=Mamie Eisenhower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bess_Truman=Bess Truman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Coolidge=Grace Anna Coolidge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Wilson=Edith Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Harding=Florence Harding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Axson_Wilson=Ellen Louise Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Herron_Taft=Helen Taft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Roosevelt=Edith Roosevelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_Saxton_McKinley=Ida McKinley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Evans=Jill Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Pottinger=Henry Pottinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Fletcher-Vane,_2nd_Baron_Inglewood=Richard Fletcher-Vane, II barone Inglewood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Lucas=Caroline Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hosokawa_Katsumoto=Hosokawa Katsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisa_Adams=Louisa Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itsuo_Tsuda=Tsuda Itsuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Silverman=Ken Silverman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_J._Tipler=Frank Tipler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Caruso=David Caruso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirokazu_Koreeda=Hirokazu Kore'eda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippocleides=Ippocleide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhianus=Riano (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pausanias_of_Sparta=Pausania (re di Sparta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pausanias_(geographer)=Pausania il Periegeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Harrison=Caroline Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucretia_Garfield=Lucretia Garfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Harrison=Anna Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letitia_Christian_Tyler=Letitia Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Gardiner_Tyler=Julia Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Childress_Polk=Sarah Polk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Pierce=Jane Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Lane=Harriet Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abigail_Fillmore=Abigail Fillmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Taylor=Margaret Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._W._Pabst=Georg Wilhelm Pabst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_von_Opel=Fritz von Opel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Ashby=Hal Ashby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Macmillan,_2nd_Earl_of_Stockton=Alexander Macmillan, II conte di Stockton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Isaacs=Jason Isaacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Jacq=Christian Jacq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Rolling=Danny Rolling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Wolfgang_Korngold=Erich Wolfgang Korngold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samira_Makhmalbaf=Samira Makhmalbaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohsen_Makhmalbaf=Mohsen Makhmalbaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Warsitz=Erich Warsitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Baden-Powell=Agnes Baden-Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_B._Tolson=Melvin Beaunorus Tolson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Harriman=Pamela Harriman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaan_Ehlvest=Jaan Ehlvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_LoBiondo=Frank LoBiondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Puttnam=David Puttnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Resnick=Mike Resnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sainsbury,_Baron_Sainsbury_of_Preston_Candover=John Sainsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wilkes=Charles Wilkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Eaton=Philip Eaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Boxleitner=Bruce Boxleitner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gathorne_Gathorne-Hardy,_1st_Earl_of_Cranbrook=Gathorne Gathorne-Hardy, I conte di Cranbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Paterson_(banker)=William Paterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisha_Gray=Elisha Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Sugden,_1st_Baron_St_Leonards=Edward Sugden, I barone St Leonards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Herbert,_4th_Earl_of_Carnarvon=Henry Herbert, IV conte di Carnarvon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_Amen%C3%A1bar=Alejandro Amenábar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bourke,_6th_Earl_of_Mayo=Richard Southwell Bourke, VI conte di Mayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sim%C3%B3n_Rodr%C3%ADguez=Simón Rodríguez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Toft=Mary Toft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Holden=Tim Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_Marshall=Kris Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Valier=Max Valier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calico_Jack=Calico Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Kempthorne=Dirk Kempthorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Kirk=Justin Kirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verne_Troyer=Verne Troyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Dinklage=Peter Dinklage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Godowsky=Leopold Godowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Heinrich_Hoffmann_von_Fallersleben=August Heinrich Hoffmann von Fallersleben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Coble=Howard Coble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hawkwood=Giovanni Acuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Easley=Mike Easley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Logan=Joshua Logan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kang_Kek_Iew=Kang Kek Iew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Petty=Adam Petty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Read=Mary Read
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinocrates=Dinocrate di Rodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._Pattabhi_Jois=K. Pattabhi Jois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilford_Woodruff=Wilford Woodruff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Light=Judith Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ab%C5%AB_%E1%B8%A4an%C4%ABfa=Abū Ḥanīfa al-Nuʿmān
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_ibn_Hanbal=Ahmad ibn Hanbal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_de_Ghelderode=Michel de Ghelderode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_FitzRoy,_1st_Duke_of_Grafton=Henry FitzRoy, I duca di Grafton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algernon_Percy,_10th_Earl_of_Northumberland=Algernon Percy, X conte di Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_E._Park=Robert Ezra Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stuart-Wortley,_1st_Baron_Wharncliffe=James Stuart-Wortley-Mackenzie, I barone di Wharncliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_William_Hill=George William Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Trudell=John Trudell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Shalhoub=Tony Shalhoub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Thomas_Anderson=Paul Thomas Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Monteux=Claude Monteux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seydou_Diarra=Seydou Diarra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Browne=Sylvia Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Abney-Hastings,_13th_Countess_of_Loudoun=Barbara Abney-Hastings, XIII contessa di Loudoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasan_ibn_Ali=Al-Hasan ibn Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korbinian_Brodmann=Korbinian Brodmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9s_Bello=Andrés Bello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Wise=Bob Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Favre_de_Vaugelas=Claude Favre de Vaugelas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Kinnear=Roy Kinnear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Berkman=Aleksandr Berkman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Grenville=Thomas Grenville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aroup_Chatterjee=Aroup Chatterjee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Tyler=Steven Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Zongyuan=Liu Zongyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meng_Haoran=Meng Haoran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlow_Curtice=Harlow Curtice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Granger=Stewart Granger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edd_Roush=Edd Roush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Young=Graham Frederick Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Johnson=Alan Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Karn=Richard Karn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_MacDonald_Fraser=George MacDonald Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Frederik_Gronovius=Johan Frederik Gronovius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keri_Russell=Keri Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petar_Stoyanov=Petăr Stojanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Joff%C3%A9=Roland Joffé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmie_Davis=Jimmie Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Kony=Joseph Kony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haing_S._Ngor=Haing S. Ngor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadim_Sawalha=Nadim Sawalha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fitzgerald=Robert Fitzgerald (traduttore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Byung-chul=Lee Byung-chul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximus_of_Tyre=Massimo di Tiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Rothenberg=Jerome Rothenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Keyes=Evelyn Keyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Charpentier=Jean de Charpentier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Jones=Grace Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Strickland=David Strickland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Vaughn=Billy Vaughn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denys_Lasdun=Denys Lasdun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Fallon=Michael Fallon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Roberts_Poinsett=Joel Roberts Poinsett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._B._Sweeney=D. B. Sweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Toland_(author)=John Toland (storico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hastings_Ismay,_1st_Baron_Ismay=Hastings Lionel Ismay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Torke=Michael Torke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_de_Montfort,_5th_Earl_of_Leicester=Simone IV di Montfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_Stafford,_Earl_of_Stafford=Humphrey Stafford, conte di Stafford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Lotti=Antonio Lotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Herbert,_1st_Baron_Herbert_of_Lea=Sidney Herbert, I barone di Lea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lev_Sedov=Lev Sedov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Gilbert=Sara Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Mantegna=Joe Mantegna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Clowes=Daniel Clowes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lew_Jenkins=Lew Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiki_Tanaka=Yoshiki Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramakrishna=Ramakrishna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cid_Corman=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lurie=John Lurie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_Christian=Claudia Christian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Conaway=Jeff Conaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Jurasik=Peter Jurasik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Katsulas=Andreas Katsulas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Furst=Stephen Furst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coenred_of_Mercia=Coenred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gallagher=David Gallagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Henry_Stanley=Charles Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Toney=James Toney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_O'Brien=William O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Rutan=Burt Rutan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Spindler=Michael Spindler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Posadas=Juan Posadas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dora_Russell=Dora Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Spencer,_4th_Earl_Spencer=Frederick Spencer, IV conte Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Reems=Harry Reems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_Visitor=Nana Visitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peleg=Peleg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Carradine=Robert Carradine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riichi_Yokomitsu=Yokomitsu Riichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Dillon=Matt Dillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Muffat=Georg Muffat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Duncan_(poet)=Robert Duncan (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudokia_Makrembolitissa=Eudocia Macrembolitissa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azim_Premji=Azim Premji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Crosby=Denise Crosby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Ozzie=Raymond Ozzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Krivine=Alain Krivine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Auberjonois=René Auberjonois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Spicer=Jack Spicer (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Huttleston_Rogers=Henry Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vojislav_Ko%C5%A1tunica=Vojislav Koštunica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seijun_Suzuki=Seijun Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makiko_Esumi=Makiko Esumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Josiah_Guest=John Josiah Guest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Talhoffer=Hans Talhoffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Clay_Frick=Henry Clay Frick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Mulholland=William Mulholland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phraortes=Fraorte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Phillips_(wireless_officer)=Jack Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marthinus_Wessel_Pretorius=Marthinus Wessel Pretorius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Hooker=Evelyn Hooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Baker_(composer)=David Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunther_Schuller=Gunther Schuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Lange=Hope Lange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelica_Singleton_Van_Buren=Angelica Van Buren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Anne_de_La_Tr%C3%A9moille,_princesse_des_Ursins=Marie Anne de La Trémoille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Stanhope,_5th_Earl_Stanhope=Philip Stanhope, V conte Stanhope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Bailey=Alice Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Caddy=Peter Caddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santino_Solari=Santino Solari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Ma%C5%BEurani%C4%87=Ivan Mažuranić
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliot_Coleman=Eliot Coleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Baldacci=John Baldacci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Johanns=Mike Johanns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_De_Laurentiis=Dino De Laurentiis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu'l-Hasan_al-Uqlidisi=Al-Uqlidisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ham_(son_of_Noah)=Cam (Bibbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyoshi_Kurosawa=Kiyoshi Kurosawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nisargadatta_Maharaj=Nisargadatta Maharaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Milyukov=Pavel Nikolaevič Miljukov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wyatt_the_Younger=Thomas Wyatt il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Dr%C5%BEi%C4%87=Marino Darsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Ann_Minner=Ruth Ann Minner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Jakubowski=Franz Jakubowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Milla=Roger Milla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Boyd=Stephen Boyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aslan_Abashidze=Aslan Abashidze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noe_Zhordania=Noe Zhordania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faisal_Husseini=Faysal al-Husayni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_William,_Margrave_of_Baden-Baden=Luigi Guglielmo di Baden-Baden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Baryshnikov=Michail Baryšnikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Lazarsfeld=Paul Felix Lazarsfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henryk_Zygalski=Henryk Zygalski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benita_Ferrero-Waldner=Benita Ferrero-Waldner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Monbiot=George Monbiot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Lom=Herbert Lom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberich_Mazak=Alberik Mazak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Persichetti=Vincent Persichetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lepa_Brena=Lepa Brena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Romme=Gilbert Romme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Crewe-Milnes,_1st_Marquess_of_Crewe=Robert Crewe-Milnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janus_Friis=Janus Friis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corneliu_Zelea_Codreanu=Corneliu Zelea Codreanu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Penrose=Jonathan Penrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Pletnev=Michail Pletnëv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortunio_Bonanova=Fortunio Bonanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micky_Arison=Micky Arison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Williams=Ricky Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_I_Sinclair,_Earl_of_Orkney=Henry Sinclair I, conte delle Orcadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy,_1st_Earl_of_Northumberland=Henry Percy, I conte di Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy,_2nd_Earl_of_Northumberland=Henry Percy, II conte di Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy,_4th_Earl_of_Northumberland=Henry Percy, IV conte di Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy,_3rd_Earl_of_Northumberland=Henry Percy, III conte di Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Robert_Hiegel=Hans Robert Hiegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy,_6th_Earl_of_Northumberland=Henry Percy, VI conte di Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renee_O'Connor=Renée O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephus_Daniels=Josephus Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aron_Ralston=Aron Ralston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majid_Majidi=Majid Majidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariska_Hargitay=Mariska Hargitay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Stephanopoulos=George Stephanopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie,_Duchess_of_Hohenberg=Sophie Chotek von Chotkowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deryck_Cooke=Deryck Cooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emir_Kusturica=Emir Kusturica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grifo=Grifo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Knoll=Max Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willi_Stoph=Willi Stoph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_III,_Duke_of_Brabant=Enrico III di Brabante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_II,_Duke_of_Brabant=Enrico II di Brabante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Schalck-Golodkowski=Alexander Schalck-Golodkowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ja'far_al-Sadiq=Ja'far al-Sadiq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madge_Bellamy=Madge Bellamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_Berg=Gertrude Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaidiyyah=Zaydismo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Gardner=Herb Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_al-Baqir=Muhammad al-Baqir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Wilder=Gene Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_al-Ridha=ʿAlī al-Riḍā
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_al-Jawad=Muhammad ibn Ali al-Taqi al-Jawad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Luttwak=Edward Luttwak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_al-Hadi=Ali al-Naqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Kalinnikov=Vasilij Sergeevič Kalinnikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasan_al-Askari=Al-Hasan al-Askari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_al-Mahdi=Muhammad al-Mahdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_George_Bonney=Thomas George Bonney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmett_Till=Emmett Till
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busby_Berkeley=Busby Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Tornatore=Giuseppe Tornatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Brown_Simpson=Nicole Brown Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Koch=Werner Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Belushi=Jim Belushi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Phillips_(geologist)=John Phillips (geologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Caplet=André Caplet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Porpora=Nicola Porpora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Ashton_(actor)=Joseph Ashton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Murray=Eddie Murray (giocatore di baseball)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Lavon_Julian=Percy Lavon Julian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Marx=Wilhelm Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_de_Vaucanson=Jacques de Vaucanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Stegerwald=Adam Stegerwald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_Strasser=Gregor Strasser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Conway,_1st_Baron_Conway_of_Allington=William Martin Conway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Godunov=Alexander Godunov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Sarah_Chatto=Sarah Chatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Kent=James Kent (giurista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Edwards_(naturalist)=George Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maura_Tierney=Maura Tierney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Hohmann=Walter Hohmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Mortimer,_3rd_Earl_of_March=Edmondo Mortimer, III conte di March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hopkins_Gallaudet=Thomas Hopkins Gallaudet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Montgomerie,_13th_Earl_of_Eglinton=Archibald Montgomerie, XIII conte di Eglinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Nelson_Reilly=Charles Nelson Reilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_L._Brooks=James L. Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gouverneur_Morris=Gouverneur Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Trilling=Lionel Trilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Helmond=Katherine Helmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Laemmle=Carl Laemmle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_J._Mankiewicz=Herman J. Mankiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_L._Mankiewicz=Joseph L. Mankiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Peters_(cartoonist)=Mike Peters (fumettista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludivine_Sagnier=Ludivine Sagnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uta_Hagen=Uta Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ramsay,_9th_Earl_of_Dalhousie=George Ramsay, IX conte di Dalhousie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Paulet,_1st_Duke_of_Bolton=Charles Paulet, I duca di Bolton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Paulet,_2nd_Duke_of_Bolton=Charles Paulet, II duca di Bolton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ari_Vatanen=Ari Vatanen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeo_Pagano=Bartolomeo Pagano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Mottola=Tommy Mottola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hadley=George Hadley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Maria_Veracini=Francesco Maria Veracini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Tartini=Giuseppe Tartini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius_Harnack=Theodosius Harnack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrison_Waite=Morrison Remick Waite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Beck=Harry Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Edward,_Duke_of_Saxe-Coburg_and_Gotha=Carlo Edoardo di Sassonia-Coburgo-Gotha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Perkins=Frances Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auberon_Herbert=Auberon Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Fitzalan,_Duchess_of_Norfolk=Elizabeth FitzAlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Pakenham,_5th_Earl_of_Longford=Thomas Pakenham, V conte di Longford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_P._Hoffa=James Hoffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Hajjaj_ibn_Yusuf=Al-Hajjaj ibn Yusuf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Wolf_(politician)=Frank Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Cantor=Eric Cantor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Thayer_Birge=Raymond Thayer Birge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph-Marie_Vien=Joseph-Marie Vien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Cazalis=Henri Cazalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Tambo=Oliver Tambo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilya_Ehrenburg=Il'ja Grigor'evič Ėrenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacy_%C5%81ukasiewicz=Ignacy Łukasiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Dee_Williams=Billy Dee Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Sebelius=Kathleen Sebelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_of_Suffolk=Conte di Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Grebel=Conrad Grebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elton_Mayo=Elton Mayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_de_Beauchamp,_10th_Earl_of_Warwick=Guy de Beauchamp, X conte di Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan_Rastislav_%C5%A0tef%C3%A1nik=Milan Rastislav Štefánik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansur_Al-Hallaj=Al-Hallaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredegund=Fredegonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilia_II_of_Georgia=Elia II (patriarca di Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Somerset,_1st_Earl_of_Worcester=Charles Somerset, I conte di Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Gleason=Paul Gleason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Kelly_(psychologist)=George Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hamilton_(photographer)=David Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Josias_of_Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld=Federico Giosia di Sassonia-Coburgo-Saalfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hood=James Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Boyd_Dunlop=John Boyd Dunlop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhuge_Jin=Zhuge Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Scamozzi=Vincenzo Scamozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ferrel=William Ferrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89douard_Balladur=Édouard Balladur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilkinson_(industrialist)=John Wilkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Lyra=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Goodlatte=Bob Goodlatte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoshea=Osea (re)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Christopher=Warren Christopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Kristof=Nicholas Kristof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadowlark_Lemon=Meadowlark Lemon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philander_C._Knox=Philander Chase Knox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehmet_Ali_Talat=Mehmet Ali Talat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Snell=Lionel Snell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theudas=Teuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulzarilal_Nanda=Gulzarilal Nanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Wendt=George Wendt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Williams_(songwriter)=Harry Williams (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Glazman=Daniel Glazman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Figueres_Ferrer=José Figueres Ferrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Mosconi=Willie Mosconi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Goldberg=Bill Goldberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coretta_Scott_King=Coretta Scott King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Papas=Irene Papas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Newman_(screenwriter)=Walter Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirimavo_Bandaranaike=Sirimavo Bandaranaike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnar_Hansen=Gunnar Hansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Mills_(architect)=Robert Mills (architetto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Snow=Lorenzo Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anne_Talbot=Mary Anne Talbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Robbins_(computer_programmer)=Daniel Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_O'Hara=Catherine O'Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Raver=Kim Raver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Barere=Simon Barer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rom%C3%A9o_Dallaire=Roméo Dallaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Bach=Catherine Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrija_Mohorovi%C4%8Di%C4%87=Andrija Mohorovičić
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walid_Jumblatt=Walid Jumblatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cree_Summer=Cree Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquess_of_Exeter=Marchese di Exeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musa_bin_Nusayr=Musa ibn Nusayr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Berbick=Trevor Berbick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Logue=Christopher Logue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Showalter=Jackson Showalter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Sheppard=Jack Sheppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stelios_Haji-Ioannou=Stelios Haji-Ioannou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fairfield_Osborn=Henry Fairfield Osborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franc_Frakelj=Franc Frakelj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Jaquet-Droz=Pierre Jaquet-Droz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Zimbardo=Philip Zimbardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elias_Boudinot_(Cherokee)=Elias Boudinot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stafford_Smith=John Stafford Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Levy=Eugene Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Sargent=Dick Sargent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariama_B%C3%A2=Mariama Bâ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Bening=Annette Bening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amyntas_II_of_Macedon=Aminta II di Macedonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherwin_Wine=Sherwin Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Knowles_(politician)=Tony Knowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Johnson_(actor)=Ben Johnson (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigechiyo_Izumi=Shigechiyo Izumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Randall=Tony Randall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_Buchinger=Matthias Buchinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanus_Van_Cortlandt=Stephanus Van Cortlandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Reinhold_Treviranus=Gottfried Reinhold Treviranus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Slater=Kelly Slater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_LaBute=Neil LaBute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmuth_James_Graf_von_Moltke=Helmuth James Graf von Moltke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc-Andr%C3%A9_Hamelin=Marc-André Hamelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles-Valentin_Alkan=Charles-Valentin Alkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Benedetti_Michelangeli=Arturo Benedetti Michelangeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Finlay-Freundlich=Erwin Finlay-Freundlich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Miller=Ann Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Christopher=Antipapa Cristoforo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Savio=Mario Savio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonor_Varela=Leonor Varela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Mabo=Edward Koiki Mabo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Argento=Asia Argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_von_Renteln=Theodor Adrian von Renteln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Torso_Murderer=Macellaio di Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoto_Ohshima=Naoto Ōshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Hamilton_Cobb=Keith Hamilton Cobb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topher_Grace=Topher Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aisha_Tyler=Aisha Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zizi_Jeanmaire=Zizi Jeanmaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Dahlia=Elizabeth Short
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_von_Falkenhayn=Erich von Falkenhayn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Roenick=Jeremy Roenick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Bahro=Rudolf Bahro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irmgard_Keun=Irmgard Keun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Hofmann=Józef Hofmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghazi_Mashal_Ajil_al-Yawer=Ghazi Mash'al Ajil al-Yawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayad_Allawi=Iyad Allawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_Grijalva=Juan de Grijalva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Atxaga=Bernardo Atxaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_FitzOsbern,_1st_Earl_of_Hereford=William FitzOsbern, I conte di Hereford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaen_Block=Adriaen Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liza_Dalby=Liza Dalby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jones_(statesman)=William Jones (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basava_Premanand=Basava Premanand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Murdoch=James Murdoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Alexeieff=Aleksandr Alekseev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Thiel=Walter Thiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Montillet=Carole Montillet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Mortimer,_1st_Earl_of_March=Ruggero Mortimer, I conte di March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Mortimer,_1st_Baron_Mortimer=Roger Mortimer, I barone di Wigmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Mortimer,_4th_Earl_of_March=Ruggero Mortimer, IV conte di March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimeric_de_Peguilhan=Aimeric de Peguilhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Hartjenstein=Friedrich Hartjenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Manz=Felix Manz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico_Mendes=Chico Mendes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Linford=Steve Linford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lester_Thurow=Lester Thurow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Farmer=Frances Farmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarnail_Singh_Bhindranwale=Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewald_Georg_von_Kleist=Ewald Jürgen Georg von Kleist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliki_Vougiouklaki=Aliki Vougiouklaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Des_Cloizeaux=Alfred Des Cloizeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehoahaz_of_Judah=Ioacaz (re di Giuda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehoiakim=Ioiakim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._R._Leavis=Frank Raymond Leavis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syphax=Siface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pekka_Vasala=Pekka Vasala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tito_Gobbi=Tito Gobbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Mature=Victor Mature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomonobu_Itagaki=Tomonobu Itagaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gioseffo_Zarlino=Gioseffo Zarlino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Rose=Charlie Rose (giornalista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_Carlsen=Magnus Carlsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Nicollet=Joseph Nicolas Nicollet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Thiedemann=Fritz Thiedemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Ganz=Bruno Ganz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anupam_Kher=Anupam Kher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Antel=Franz Antel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_Otto=Miranda Otto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_W._Geary=John White Geary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlob_Berger=Gottlob Berger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Bain=Barbara Bain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appius_Claudius_Caudex=Appio Claudio Caudice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Ernest_Boulanger=Georges Boulanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Campbell,_1st_Marquess_of_Argyll=Archibald Campbell, I marchese di Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psamtik_I=Psammetico I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psamtik_II=Psammetico II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Ripley=Alexandra Ripley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_MacGregor=Joanna MacGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Jahn=Helmut Jahn (architetto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hjalmar_Johansen=Fredrik Hjalmar Johansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiane_F.=Christiane Vera Felscherinow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_More_Smith=Henry Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_Weckmann=Matthias Weckmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Titelouze=Jean Titelouze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_May=Billy May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexey_Stakhanov=Aleksej Grigor'evič Stachanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Prokudin-Gorsky=Sergej Michajlovič Prokudin-Gorskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_d'Hostun,_duc_de_Tallard=Camille d'Hostun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Clarkson=Thomas Clarkson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_Sharp=Granville Sharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Kirshner=Mia Kirshner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonny_Chapman=Lonny Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsin%C3%A9e_Khanjian=Arsinée Khanjian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Owen_(chess_player)=John Owen (scacchista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khasekhemwy=Khasekhemui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Couperin=Louis Couperin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livingstone_Bramble=Livingstone Bramble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florian_Ceynowa=Florian Ceynowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_Aquino=Kris Aquino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velupillai_Prabhakaran=Velupillai Prabhakaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yossi_Beilin=Yossi Beilin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rikki_Fulton=Rikki Fulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Messick=Don Messick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lino_Ventura=Lino Ventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Annaud=Jean-Jacques Annaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ervine=David Ervine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_Quinctius_Flamininus=Tito Quinzio Flaminino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithson_Tennant=Smithson Tennant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Andreas-Salom%C3%A9=Lou von Salomé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Kondratyuk=Jurij Kondratjuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boleslaus_II,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Boleslao II di Boemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roundell_Palmer,_1st_Earl_of_Selborne=Roundell Palmer, I conte di Selborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Derek=Bo Derek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Di_Modica=Arturo Di Modica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boleslaus_III,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Boleslao III di Boemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristofano_Allori=Cristofano Allori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Stephens_Salt=Henry Stephens Salt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Leko=Péter Lékó
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Grant,_1st_Baron_Glenelg=Charles Grant Glenelg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Vassall-Fox,_3rd_Baron_Holland=Henry Vassall-Fox, III barone Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_McGee=American McGee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appian=Appiano di Alessandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Clausel=Bertrand Clauzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernd_Rosemeyer=Bernd Rosemeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ponsonby,_4th_Earl_of_Bessborough=John Ponsonby, IV conte di Bessborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arpachshad=Arpacsad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revaz_Dogonadze=Revaz Dogonadze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einojuhani_Rautavaara=Einojuhani Rautavaara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Legge,_2nd_Earl_of_Dartmouth=William Legge, II conte di Dartmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Duncan_McNeill=Robert Duncan McNeill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uli_Edel=Uli Edel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Ryan=Cornelius Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Pollack=Sydney Pollack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Petillius_Cerialis=Quinto Petilio Ceriale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Marx=Eleanor Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasushi_Inoue=Yasushi Inoue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Schr%C3%B6der=Ernst Schröder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_Kaplan=Fanja Kaplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%A9rard_Brach=Gérard Brach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Visin=Giovanni Visin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiberius_Gemellus=Tiberio Gemello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Vadim=Christian Vadim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Generali%C4%87=Ivan Generalić
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pam_Gems=Pam Gems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Arnold_(actor)=Tom Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Powell_Frith=William Powell Frith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verginia=Verginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_D._Leahy=William Leahy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_Marie_Combs=Holly Marie Combs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Coates=Kim Coates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehli_Mehta=Mehli Mehta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haddon_Sundblom=Haddon Sundblom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Michels=Robert Michels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Meller=Amos Meller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B%C3%A4rbel_Bohley=Bärbel Bohley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakir_Hussain_(politician)=Zakir Hussain (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taishi_Ci=Taishi Ci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Fabius_Pictor=Quinto Fabio Pittore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantin_Ion_Parhon=Constantin Parhon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Drut=Guy Drut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usama_ibn_Munqidh=Usama ibn Munqidh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Cox=Christina Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Coggan=Donald Coggan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Irvin=Michael Irvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Phipps,_1st_Earl_of_Mulgrave=Henry Phipps, I conte di Mulgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Thulin=Ingrid Thulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Martyn_(botanist)=John Martyn (botanico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovonnie_Samuels=Giovonnie Samuels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqui_Smith=Jacqui Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne_Maurice_G%C3%A9rard=Étienne Maurice Gérard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Marco_Fieschi=Giuseppe Fieschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Leno=Dan Leno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffroy_du_Breuil=Geoffroy du Breuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobsang_Rampa=Lobsang Rampa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Stevenson=Ian Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leroy_Anderson=Leroy Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Rowlandson=Mary Rowlandson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feargus_O'Connor=Feargus Edward O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attalus_III=Attalo III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filbert_Bayi=Filbert Bayi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Schichau=Ferdinand Schichau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Herv%C3%A1s_y_Panduro=Lorenzo Hervás
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_K._Ross=Deborah Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Adams=Alma Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Hagan=Kay Hagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Juantorena=Alberto Juantorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junko_Tabei=Junko Tabei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathy_Najimy=Kathy Najimy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Bouguer=Pierre Bouguer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Marie_de_La_Condamine=Charles Marie de La Condamine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_St_Clair-Erskine,_2nd_Earl_of_Rosslyn=James St Clair-Erskine, II conte di Rosslyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Julius_Kuhn=Fritz Julius Kuhn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Rand=Sally Rand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumiko_Aso=Kumiko Aso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Bright=Walter Bright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourvil=Bourvil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Billingsley=John Billingsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Montgomery=Anthony Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gordon-Lennox,_5th_Duke_of_Richmond=Charles Gordon-Lennox, V duca di Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_O'Hare=Michael O'Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_L._Kroeber=Alfred Kroeber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ribart=Charles Ribart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lana_Wood=Lana Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Plouffe=Simon Plouffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Hertzfeld=Andy Hertzfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Crane=Roy Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meredith_Willson=Meredith Willson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Ellen_Harrison=Jane Ellen Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_P._Grant=James Grant (funzionario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Nelson=Ralph Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelma_Todd=Thelma Todd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Wigand=Jeffrey Wigand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel_Moctezuma=Isabel Moctezuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Strauss=Peter Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Mankiw=N. Gregory Mankiw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Dourif=Brad Dourif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran_Walsh=Fran Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippa_Boyens=Philippa Boyens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_Bean=Orson Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacky_Cheung=Jacky Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinn_Smith=Guinn Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Wild=Jack Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Swinhoe=Robert Swinhoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seen_(artist)=Seen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henryk_S%C5%82awik=Henryk Sławik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genpei_Akasegawa=Genpei Akasegawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Moers=Walter Moers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Tucci=Stanley Tucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Grossman_(game_developer)=Dave Grossman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Rahman_Munif=Abd al-Rahman Munif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aryeh_Eldad=Arieh Eldad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._King_Hubbert=Marion King Hubbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allison_Janney=Allison Janney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Ritter=Scott Ritter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Astruc=Jean Astruc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Milburn=Rod Milburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Purcell=Steve Purcell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrada_of_Laon=Bertrada di Laon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masatoshi_Nagase=Nagase Masatoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takako_Matsu=Takako Matsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxann_Dawson=Roxann Dawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha_Ji-won=Ha Ji-won
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_de_Beaumont,_4th_Earl_of_Leicester=Robert de Beaumont, IV conte di Leicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Coronelli=Vincenzo Maria Coronelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Playford=John Playford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_de_Beaumont,_3rd_Earl_of_Leicester=Robert de Beaumont, III conte di Leicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saer_de_Quincy,_1st_Earl_of_Winchester=Saer de Quincy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aled_Jones=Aled Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Peter_Thunberg=Carl Peter Thunberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_North=Alex North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Gilbert=Ron Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Aurelius_Cotta=Gaio Aurelio Cotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignaz_Maybaum=Ignaz Maybaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Colby=William Colby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Hook=Theodore Edward Hook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Liston=John Liston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tikhon_Khrennikov=Tichon Nikolaevič Chrennikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Plumptre=Edward H. Plumptre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Livingston=Ron Livingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Chamberlayne_(poet)=William Chamberlayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_Edmonds=Noel Edmonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gascoyne-Cecil,_2nd_Marquess_of_Salisbury=James Gascoyne-Cecil, II marchese di Salisbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piper_Perabo=Piper Perabo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isao_Yukisada=Isao Yukisada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_de_Quincy,_2nd_Earl_of_Winchester=Roger de Quincy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Nakano=Hiroyuki Nakano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Wesker=Arnold Wesker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dumas=Charles Dumas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesfaye_Gebre_Kidan=Tesfaye Gebre Kidan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_ibn_Rustah=Ibn Rusta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre-Th%C3%A9ophile_Vandermonde=Alexandre-Théophile Vandermonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jotham_of_Judah=Iotam (re)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Elliott=Jane Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Galway=Martin Galway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ding_Junhui=Ding Junhui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Jewsbury=Neal Stephenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Bel_Geddes=Norman Bel Geddes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yusuf_al-Qaradawi=Yusuf al-Qaradawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmine_Caridi=Carmine Caridi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._M._Kaye=Mary Margaret Kaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyson_Stoner=Alyson Stoner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Crichton-Stuart,_3rd_Marquess_of_Bute=John Crichton-Stuart, III marchese di Bute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehoram_of_Israel=Ioram (re d'Israele)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satoshi_Kon=Satoshi Kon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shohei_Imamura=Shōhei Imamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Marshall=Penny Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Jacket=Giacca Rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_Rosemont=Penelope Rosemont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Teschemacher=Frank Teschemacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momus_(musician)=Momus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Prinze,_Jr.=Freddie Prinze Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Erikson_Sparrman=Anders Erikson Sparrman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Child=Josiah Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Joyner-Kersee=Jackie Joyner-Kersee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_More=Hannah More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Paul_Riquet=Pierre-Paul Riquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Carmack=Adrian Carmack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franka_Potente=Franka Potente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guo_Jia=Guo Jia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_MacRae=Gordon MacRae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posidippus=Posidippo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonzalo_Pizarro=Gonzalo Pizarro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Sheppard=Kate Sheppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Sanford=Mark Sanford (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Baker=Simon Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Spector=Warren Spector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Fea=Leonardo Fea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Fr%C3%B6ding=Gustaf Fröding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_B._Cory=Charles Barney Cory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Moreschi=Alessandro Moreschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertram_Mills=Bertram Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Wallace=Edgar Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_Lupino=Ida Lupino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Walker=Nancy Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Julius_Norwich=John Julius Norwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Yamauchi=Hiroshi Yamauchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Darnell=Linda Darnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Cesari=Giovanni Cesari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_O'Neal=Alexander O'Neal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collyer_brothers=Fratelli Collyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_of_Polly_Klaas=Omicidio di Polly Klaas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Montagu,_1st_Earl_of_Salisbury=William Montacute, I conte di Salisbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grete_Waitz=Grete Waitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nunn=John Nunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadezhda_Krupskaya=Nadežda Konstantinovna Krupskaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Benoit=Joan Benoit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Cornelius_Balbus_the_Younger=Lucio Cornelio Balbo (minore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_di_Robilant=Andrea di Robilant (giornalista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Jochen_Vogel=Hans-Jochen Vogel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Lennox=Charlotte Lennox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Proctor=Phil Proctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Eccleston=Christopher Eccleston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Di_Pietro=Antonio Di Pietro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_H._Morgan=Lewis Henry Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hall_(director)=Peter Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebba_Brahe=Ebba Brahe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhona_Mitra=Rhona Mitra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teimour_Radjabov=Teymur Rəcəbov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina_McKee=Gina McKee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredrik_Meltzer=Fredrik Meltzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sholom_Schwartzbard=Sholom Schwartzbard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Rothstein=Arnold Rothstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Van_Dyke=Dick Van Dyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Clunes=Martin Clunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Vyshinsky=Andrej Januar'evič Vyšinskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Street-Porter=Janet Street-Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moore_(bishop_of_Ely)=John Moore (vescovo di Ely)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeline_Kahn=Madeline Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Ligarius=Quinto Ligario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Wood_(cinematographer)=Oliver Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Cloud=Nuvola Rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Sanders=George Sanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Winner=Michael Winner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Wenham=David Wenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Kennedy=Ethel Skakel Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wright_(astronomer)=Thomas Wright (astronomo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_of_Powis=Conte di Powis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henk_Rogers=Henk Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikamatsu_Monzaemon=Chikamatsu Monzaemon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bevil_Rudd=Bevil Rudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Anderson=Judith Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Bloom=Benjamin Bloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Younger=Caspar Bartholin il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosper-Ren%C3%A9_Blondlot=Prosper-René Blondlot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Nighy=Bill Nighy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Soames,_Baron_Soames=Christopher Soames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Sor=Fernando Sor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentinus_(Gnostic)=Valentino (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Wright_Mills=Charles Wright Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theudebald=Teodebaldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guntram=Gontrano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien_Arcand=Adrien Arcand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thandie_Newton=Thandie Newton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Hagen=Nina Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Molaison=H.M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_W._Pink=Sidney W. Pink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Landis=Carole Landis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Zhimo=Xu Zhimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Head=Edith Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cao_Yu=Cáo Yǔ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wesley_Hardin=John Wesley Hardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_Watson=Alberta Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Elser=Georg Elser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ant_&_Dec=Ant & Dec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bologna=Joseph Bologna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%BCrgen_Moltmann=Jürgen Moltmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Bobadilla=Francisco de Bobadilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehoash_of_Judah=Ioas di Giuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_of_Rosse=Conte di Rosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Ogata=Ken Ogata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Christian_Rafn=Carl Christian Rafn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Dudeney=Henry Dudeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Pickering=Timothy Pickering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenoch=Ténoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Langdon_(politician)=John Langdon (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhard_Fieseler=Gerhard Fieseler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Labor=Josef Labor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karisma_Kapoor=Karisma Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hyde_Pierce=David Hyde Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_Maiorca=Enzo Maiorca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasmus_Lerdorf=Rasmus Lerdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ball_(author)=John Ball (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Kraenzlein=Alvin Kraenzlein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique,_comte_de_Cassini=Jean-Dominique Cassini (1748-1845)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_Gisco=Annibale Giscone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Claudius_Pulcher_(consul_249_BC)=Publio Claudio Pulcro (console 249 a.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Burke_(historian)=Peter Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Luigini=Alexandre Luigini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Euringer=Richard Euringer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Argentina_(dancer)=La Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leander_Starr_Jameson=Leander Starr Jameson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Howard,_6th_Earl_of_Carlisle=George Howard, VI conte di Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadia_Boulanger=Nadia Boulanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Darger=Henry Darger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Weiss_Halivni=David Weiss Halivni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Denis=Claire Denis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinklon_Thomas=Pinklon Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Liddell=Eric Liddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Ekuni=Kaori Ekuni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dyer=John Dyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estella_Warren=Estella Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shabana_Azmi=Shabana Azmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Katona=Kerry Katona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Marshall_(chess_player)=Frank Marshall (scacchista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariangelo_Accorso=Mariangelo Accursio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Spiegel=Sam Spiegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Genovese=Vito Genovese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Dumont=Margaret Dumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satoshi_Tajiri=Satoshi Tajiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Capshaw=Kate Capshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Bettman=Gary Bettman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Landini=Francesco Landini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Dazhao=Li Dazhao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bart_Stupak=Bart Stupak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djimon_Hounsou=Djimon Hounsou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Morton=Samantha Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Clarkson=Patricia Clarkson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Denisov=Edison Denisov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Maclay_(Pennsylvania_senator)=William Maclay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adherbal=Aderbale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnaeus_Cornelius_Scipio_Asina=Gneo Cornelio Scipione Asina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wriothesley,_3rd_Earl_of_Southampton=Henry Wriothesley, III conte di Southampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartmut_Haenchen=Hartmut Haenchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Florio=Giovanni Florio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gervase_Markham=Gervase Markham (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliana_Berners=Juliana Berners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Betterton=Thomas Betterton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Rowe_(writer)=Nicholas Rowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Mountfort=William Mountfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Oldfield=Anne Oldfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dietrich_Fischer-Dieskau=Dietrich Fischer-Dieskau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Gottfried_Gervinus=Georg Gottfried Gervinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaise_de_Vigen%C3%A8re=Blaise de Vigenère
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Burbage=James Burbage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibrahim_al-Hamdi=Ibrahim al-Hamdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Pierson=Frank Pierson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_John_Beaumont,_1st_Baronet=John Beaumont (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Sandys=George Sandys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Ruffo=Victoria Ruffo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Biehn=Michael Biehn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryo_Kase=Ryō Kase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Odagiri=Joe Odagiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Moore=Gerald Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuo_Shinohara=Tetsuo Shinohara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellis_Parker_Butler=Ellis Parker Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Harris,_Baron_Harris_of_Peckham=Philip Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juzo_Itami=Jūzō Itami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Baker=Janet Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Clifford,_1st_Baron_Clifford_of_Chudleigh=Thomas Clifford, I barone Clifford di Chudleigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Rankin=Chris Rankin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Wright=Bonnie Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquis_de_Custine=Astolphe de Custine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Marani=Diego Marani (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Ienobu=Tokugawa Ienobu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Ietsugu=Tokugawa Ietsugu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Keene=Donald Keene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maeda_Toshinaga=Maeda Toshinaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-L%C3%A9on_G%C3%A9r%C3%B4me=Jean-Léon Gérôme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Gottlieb=Sidney Gottlieb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Ieharu=Tokugawa Ieharu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Thompson_(actor)=Jack Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Iemochi=Tokugawa Iemochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Iesada=Tokugawa Iesada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Ienari=Tokugawa Ienari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Ieshige=Tokugawa Ieshige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Ietsuna=Tokugawa Ietsuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balthasar_Hubmaier=Balthasar Hubmaier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U._G._Krishnamurti=Uppaluri Gopala Krishnamurti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Smith_(record_producer)=Norman Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Daniel_Barnes=Christopher Daniel Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostas_Karyotakis=Kostas Karyotakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Ferlin=Nils Ferlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masato_Harada=Masato Harada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Kawase=Naomi Kawase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teinosuke_Kinugasa=Teinosuke Kinugasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvert_Watkins=Calvert Watkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Locatelli=Pietro Antonio Locatelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miep_Gies=Miep Gies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Sawyer=Diane Sawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_V._Gazzo=Michael V. Gazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Ciconia=Johannes Ciconia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Soler=Antonio Soler (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Hongzhi=Li Hongzhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Blaurock=Georg Blaurock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eorcenberht_of_Kent=Eorcenberht del Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecgberht_of_Kent=Egberto del Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladislaus_III,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Vladislao III Enrico di Boemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N%C3%A2z%C4%B1m_Hikmet=Nazım Hikmet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Inagaki=Hiroshi Inagaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Mortimer,_2nd_Earl_of_March=Ruggero Mortimer, II conte di March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._G._Collingwood=Robin George Collingwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mae_Murray=Mae Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_LaFontaine=Don LaFontaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_Adam=Adolphe-Charles Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Strauss_(engineer)=Joseph Baermann Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Strauss=Josef Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Aitken_(politician)=Bill Aitken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Boutroux=Pierre Boutroux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_L%C3%A9v%C3%AAque_de_Vilmorin=Louise Lévèque de Vilmorin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomaso_Malvenda=Tomaso Malvenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Wilkes=Maurice Wilkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madam_C._J._Walker=Madam C. J. Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasmine_Bleeth=Yasmine Bleeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Arnold_Brockhaus=Friedrich Arnold Brockhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques-Pierre_Amette=Jacques-Pierre Amette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnie_Hamzik=Donnie Hamzik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzziah=Ozia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Wegner=Hans Wegner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merian_C._Cooper=Merian C. Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_Harrison=Olivia Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_MacLeish=Archibald MacLeish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Behlendorf=Brian Behlendorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Field=Patricia Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Weaver=Warren Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Kay_Bergman=Mary Kay Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Kiyosaki=Robert Kiyosaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_ben_Asher=Yaakov ben Asher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Bosanquet_(philosopher)=Bernard Bosanquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luther_H._Evans=Luther Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Richards=Bob Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Boyle=Peter Boyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marla_Maples=Marla Maples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susumu_Terajima=Susumu Terajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masakazu_Katsura=Masakazu Katsura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natascha_McElhone=Natascha McElhone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsur%C5%8D_Tamba=Tetsurō Tamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinuyo_Tanaka=Kinuyo Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alf_Sj%C3%B6berg=Alf Sjöberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Amelino-Camelia=Giovanni Amelino-Camelia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Kochanowski=Jan Kochanowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleistoanax=Plistoanatte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrianus=Adriano di Tiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Pill=Alison Pill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Orton=George Orton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Ho=Stanley Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_Towns=Forrest Towns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Abel=Rudol'f Abel'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Blake=George Blake (agente segreto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Delrio=Martin Delrio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Hingle=Pat Hingle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edme_Mariotte=Edme Mariotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Cresswell=Helen Cresswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrus_Plancius=Petrus Plancius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Edwards=Elizabeth Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenophon_of_Ephesus=Senofonte Efesio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rie_Miyazawa=Rie Miyazawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_FitzGerald_(politician)=Desmond FitzGerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Heinrich_Wiedemann=Gustav Heinrich Wiedemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Woliner=Jason Woliner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melchior_Hoffman=Melchior Hoffmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erika_Blanc=Erika Blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Kristel=Sylvia Kristel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_van_Leyden=Luca da Leida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Franck=Sebastian Franck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Vekselberg=Viktor Feliksovič Veksel'berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilda_Swinton=Tilda Swinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Kare=Susan Kare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Rampling=Charlotte Rampling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Scholz=Jackson Scholz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silbannacus=Silbannaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolphe_T%C3%B6pffer=Rodolphe Töpffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sponsianus=Sponsiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacatianus=Pacaziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_O._Lorenz=Max O. Lorenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Greenwood=Arthur Greenwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prasutagus=Prasutago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Crewson=Wendy Crewson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Mandl=Maria Mandl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Becker=Elisabeth Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdou_Diouf=Abdou Diouf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Hargitay=Mickey Hargitay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Wang=Nina Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny-Wanda_Barkmann=Jenny-Wanda Barkmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurance_Safford=Laurance Safford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Dunne=Dominique Dunne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Mir%C3%B3=Gabriel Miró
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Kelly=Matthew Kelly (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_B%C3%A9jart=Maurice Béjart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Ashton=Frederick Ashton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Brennan=Walter Brennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Fokine=Michel Fokine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Forsythe_(choreographer)=William Forsythe (coreografo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_August_Nauck=Johann August Nauck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Morgan=Robin Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Rouch=Jean Rouch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Bride=Harold Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Moray=Andrew de Moray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ally_Sheedy=Ally Sheedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Boorman=John Boorman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achaeus_of_Eretria=Acheo di Eretria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marni_Nixon=Marni Nixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livio_Berruti=Livio Berruti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wagner=Robert Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ba_Jin=Ba Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shen_Congwen=Shen Congwen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Nelson_Pillsbury=Harry Nelson Pillsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goran_Vi%C5%A1nji%C4%87=Goran Višnjić
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branko_Lustig=Branko Lustig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Willke=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Kasdan=Lawrence Kasdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziaelas_of_Bithynia=Ziaelas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Noble=John Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Ashman=Howard Ashman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasquale_Villari=Pasquale Villari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_de_L%C3%A1szl%C3%B3=Philip de László
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._B._Warfield=Benjamin B. Warfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Flaminius_Nepos=Gaio Flaminio Nepote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Jackson_Lee=Sheila Jackson Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Bowles=Peter Bowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoni_Radziwi%C5%82%C5%82=Antoni Radziwiłł
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynewulf=Cynewulf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cakobau=George Cakobau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hopkins_(architect)=Michael Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_of_Sebaste=Pietro di Sebaste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Booth=Catherine Mumford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamo_no_Ch%C5%8Dmei=Kamo no Chōmei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_Garrett=Randall Garrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Bergonzi=Carlo Bergonzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bh%C4%81skara_II=Bhaskara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Amery=Leo Amery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Abercrombie=Patrick Abercrombie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantin_Coand%C4%83=Constantin Coandă
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._B._Hedgewar=Keshav Baliram Hedgewar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiglath-Pileser_II=Tiglatpileser II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Hochschild=Adam Hochschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raul_Khajimba=Raul Khajimba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Rockmore=Clara Rockmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oisc_of_Kent=Oisc del Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eadric_of_Kent=Eadric del Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Mermelstein=Mel Mermelstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chanakya=Chanakya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trebatius_Testa=Gaio Trebazio Testa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Antistius_Labeo=Marco Antistio Labeone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cillian_Murphy=Cillian Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Sauvy=Alfred Sauvy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perrette_Pradier=Perrette Pradier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Bianchetti=Suzanne Bianchetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Applebaum=Anne Applebaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Carmet=Jean Carmet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mireille_Hartuch=Mireille Hartuch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Sablon=Jean Sablon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Thomason=Harry Thomason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Caldwell=Sarah Caldwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronnie_Hawkins=Ronnie Hawkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Hendricks=Barbara Hendricks (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peri_Gilpin=Peri Gilpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta_Leigh=Augusta Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Hahn=Kurt Hahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicoletta_Vallorani=Nicoletta Vallorani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danilo_Arona=Danilo Arona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Chernomyrdin=Viktor Stepanovič Černomyrdin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_McConnell=Jack McConnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Campbell,_1st_Duke_of_Argyll=Archibald Campbell, I duca di Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Campbell,_5th_Duke_of_Argyll=John Campbell, V duca di Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Adrian_Wilson=Edward Adrian Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Farrell=Eileen Farrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damian_Lewis=Damian Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Dacre=Charlotte Dacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iosif_Shklovsky=Iosif Samuilovič Šklovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gl%C3%BCckel_of_Hameln=Glikl bas Judah Leib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Z%C3%A1topek=Emil Zátopek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jared_Leto=Jared Leto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Freeman=Martin Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Anschutz=Philip Anschutz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Patrick=Robert Patrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tammy_Lynn_Michaels=Tammy Lynn Michaels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Si=Li Si
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freya_Stark=Freya Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliette_Lewis=Juliette Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_William_Rhys_Davids=Thomas William Rhys Davids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melanie_Griffith=Melanie Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_J._Lotka=Alfred J. Lotka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Thomson=Tommy Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Jooss=Kurt Jooss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Raiffeisen=Friedrich Wilhelm Raiffeisen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Fleming=Susan Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matti_Nyk%C3%A4nen=Matti Nykänen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Litvinov=Maksim Maksimovič Litvinov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhart_Fuchs=Leonhart Fuchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Martin=Andrea Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hull=William Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Russert=Tim Russert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Schmidt_(linguist)=Johannes Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Biddle=Francis Beverley Biddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon_Sa'ar=Gideon Sa'ar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_MacNicol=Peter MacNicol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Schell=Maria Schell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beornwulf_of_Mercia=Beornwulf di Mercia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Biggs=Jason Biggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_von_Marburg=Corrado di Marburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Dalmata=Giovanni Dalmata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliezer_Ben-Yehuda=Eliezer Ben Yehuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shohreh_Aghdashloo=Shohreh Aghdashloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_of_Arborea=Eleonora d'Arborea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Malibran=Maria Malibran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_the_K=Murray the K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Kay_Ogden=Charles Kay Ogden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morten_Thrane_Br%C3%BCnnich=Morten Thrane Brünnich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Delbr%C3%BCck=Hans Delbrück
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Amalia_of_Naples_and_Sicily=Maria Amalia di Borbone-Napoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Avakian=Bob Avakian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K%C3%A1roly_Ker%C3%A9nyi=Károly Kerényi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billie_Burke=Billie Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Campbell,_3rd_Duke_of_Argyll=Archibald Campbell, III duca di Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marge_Piercy=Marge Piercy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florenz_Ziegfeld,_Jr.=Florenz Ziegfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Welker=Frank Welker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_McLane=Louis McLane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maia_Morgenstern=Maia Morgenstern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Nobel=Immanuel Nobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwain_Chambers=Dwain Chambers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peabody=George Peabody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Louis_Fran%C3%A7ois_Bertrand=Joseph Louis François Bertrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazanin_Afshin-Jam=Nazanin Afshin-Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskia_van_Uylenburgh=Saskia van Uylenburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_Blanch=Gertrude Blanch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Hollis=Andy Hollis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Jue=Zhang Jiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Caviezel=Jim Caviezel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Saxon_(actor)=John Saxon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Stroyberg=Annette Strøyberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Robert_Gray=George Robert Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassan-i_Sabbah=Ḥasan-i Ṣabbāḥ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbert_Hubbard=Elbert Hubbard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatum_O'Neal=Tatum O'Neal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Woolson=Albert Woolson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Aikawa=Shō Aikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makoto_Shinkai=Makoto Shinkai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson_Kressley=Carson Kressley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Rodriguez=Jai Rodriguez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Stanfield=Andy Stanfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Campbell=Christian Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_La_Cava=Gregory La Cava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Gun=Katharine Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genevi%C3%A8ve_Bujold=Geneviève Bujold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ransom_E._Olds=Ransom Eli Olds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Morgan=Irene Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Schauberger=Viktor Schauberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Davenport=Jack Davenport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Manuel_de_Rosas=Juan Manuel de Rosas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_W._Rodino=Peter Wallace Rodino Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Monroe=Elizabeth Monroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Harvey_Kellogg=John Harvey Kellogg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Hamilton=Guy Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Bourke-White=Margaret Bourke-White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Mansour=Joyce Mansour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Fulco=William Fulco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Villani=Giovanni Villani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Kieth=Sam Kieth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenia_Smith=Eugenia Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K%C5%8Dji_Yakusho=Kōji Yakusho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Lazio=Rick Lazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsutomu_Yamazaki=Tsutomu Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Ritter=Carl Ritter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Matteotti=Giacomo Matteotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Valentinus_Andreae=Johannes Valentinus Andreae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_Amorim=Enrique Amorim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfr%C3%A9d_Haar=Alfréd Haar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Greiser=Arthur Greiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilien_de_B%C3%A9thune,_Duke_of_Sully=Massimiliano di Béthune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulstrode_Whitelocke=Bulstrode Whitelocke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Frua=Pietro Frua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Stryker=Roy Stryker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Bean=Sean Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Fran%C3%A7ois_Verhulst=Pierre François Verhulst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tan_Dun=Tan Dun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Perkins_(theologian)=William Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Muir_(mathematician)=Thomas Muir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Winther=Christian Winther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holger_Drachmann=Holgher Drachmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_Sehested_(governor)=Hannibal Sehested
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peder_Griffenfeld=Peder Griffenfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Charles_Dominique_de_Lacretelle=Charles de Lacretelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Antoine_Roucher=Jean-Antoine Roucher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiba_Rubinstein=Akiba Rubinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Louis_de_Lacretelle=Pierre Louis de Lacretelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Isidoro_Belzu=Manuel Isidoro Belzu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ball_(priest)=John Ball (prete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ball_(naturalist)=John Ball (naturalista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_Brice=Fanny Brice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dalgarno=George Dalgarno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Bikel=Theodore Bikel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielle_Harris=Danielle Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estelle_Axton=Estelle Axton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Illarionovich_Vorontsov=Michail Illarionovič Voroncov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Retzius=Anders Adolf Retzius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Hunt=Linda Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfly_McQueen=Butterfly McQueen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Brown_(historian)=Peter Brown (storico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Dugan=Alan Dugan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Noonan=Peggy Noonan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Meyrink=Michelle Meyrink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Louise=Tina Louise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Schafer=Natalie Schafer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noureddine_Morceli=Noureddine Morceli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hicham_El_Guerrouj=Hicham El Guerrouj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillip_Hagar_Smith=Phillip Hagar Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Morgan=Harry Morgan (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warwick_Davis=Warwick Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lysias=Lisia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demades=Demade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinarchus=Dinarco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavia_Maximiana_Theodora=Flavia Massimiana Teodora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Taylor_(filmmaker)=Richard Taylor (cineasta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Volkerding=Patrick Volkerding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Backhouse_Alexander=Wilfred Backhouse Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collin_Peterson=Collin Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benno_Ohnesorg=Benno Ohnesorg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Morris,_Baron_Morris_of_Aberavon=John Morris (politico 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Rosing=Boris L'vovič Rozing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Swayze=Patrick Swayze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceolred_of_Mercia=Ceolred di Mercia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Millowitsch=Willy Millowitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Gesualdo=Carlo Gesualdo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Liddell_MacGregor_Mathers=Samuel Liddell MacGregor Mathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Viterelli=Joe Viterelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josep_Puig_i_Cadafalch=Josep Puig i Cadafalch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibel_Kekilli=Sibel Kekilli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Parisot=Dean Parisot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K%C4%81rlis_Ulmanis=Kārlis Ulmanis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatoly_Onoprienko=Anatolij Onoprijenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genrikh_Yagoda=Genrich Grigor'evič Jagoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Yezhov=Nikolaj Ivanovič Ežov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Main=Marjorie Main
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_McTaggart=David McTaggart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrus_Apianus=Pietro Apiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Fallada=Hans Fallada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirk_Kerkorian=Kirk Kerkorian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B6rg_Immendorff=Jörg Immendorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Nagasawa=Miki Nagasawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiko_Neya=Michiko Neya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenichi_Suzumura=Ken'ichi Suzumura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideo_Ishikawa=Hideo Ishikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Ishida=Akira Ishida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Shiratori=Yuri Shiratori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Stubblefield=Nathan Stubblefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Howard,_1st_Baron_Howard_of_Effingham=William Howard, I barone Howard di Effingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Duhamel=Georges Duhamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Howard,_1st_Earl_of_Carlisle=Charles Howard, I conte di Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Howard,_7th_Earl_of_Carlisle=George Howard, VII conte di Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boniface_Alexandre=Boniface Alexandre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Goldsworthy=Adrian Goldsworthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Praetorius=Michael Praetorius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guntis_Ulmanis=Guntis Ulmanis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hay,_1st_Earl_of_Carlisle=James Hay, I conte di Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Hay,_Countess_of_Carlisle=Lucy Percy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Brome=Richard Brome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolae_Titulescu=Nicolae Titulescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Alazraqui=Carlos Alazraqui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Babe%C8%99=Victor Babeș
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Meirelles=Fernando Meirelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darrell_Hammond=Darrell Hammond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Marshall=Rob Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Salazar=Alberto Salazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Law=Rick Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_McCollum=Bill McCollum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Zukertort=Johannes Zukertort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Tunick=Jonathan Tunick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Chigorin=Michail Ivanovič Čigorin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Rivette=Jacques Rivette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bushnell=David Bushnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Minghella=Anthony Minghella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Bond=Ward Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_King=Angus King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Ocampo=Victoria Ocampo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gil_Gerard=Gil Gerard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrie_M._Osborne=Barrie M. Osborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Connors=Chuck Connors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngila_Dickson=Ngila Dickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_Nogara=Bernardino Nogara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ueda_Akinari=Ueda Akinari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoji_Yamada=Yōji Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyveke_Sigbritsdatter=Dyveke Sigbritsdatter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Berri=Claude Berri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathieu_Kassovitz=Mathieu Kassovitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Cruz=Wilson Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmer_Valderrama=Wilmer Valderrama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Arquette=Cliff Arquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dietrich_D%C3%B6rner=Dietrich Dörner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawid_Janowski=Dawid Janowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Schlechter=Carl Schlechter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Efim_Bogoljubov=Efim Bogoljubov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Akopian=Vladimir Hakobyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Parsons=Nicholas Parsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_McDonnell=Alexander McDonnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Horwitz=Bernhard Horwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Covito=Carmen Covito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmaduke_Wyvill_(chess_player)=Marmaduke Wyvill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Atwood=George Atwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammootty=Mammootty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Clute=John Clute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Ailey=Alvin Ailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Champeaux=Guglielmo di Champeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denys_Arcand=Denys Arcand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Mongredien=Augustus Mongredien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberts_Kviesis=Alberts Kviesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warington_Baden-Powell=Warington Baden-Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Tyrrell=Susan Tyrrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Jae-gyu=Kim Jae-gyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tassilo_von_Heydebrand_und_der_Lasa=Tassilo von der Lasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jie_of_Xia=Xia Jie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thutmose_I=Thutmose I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Danforth_Armour=Philip Danforth Armour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Niccol=Andrew Niccol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_McLeod=Sarah McLeod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Heuvelmans=Bernard Heuvelmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elise_Richter=Elise Richter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cochrane_(chess_player)=John Cochrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Torelli=Giuseppe Torelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_J._Boorstin=Daniel J. Boorstin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Randolph_(actor)=John Randolph (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Siegfried_Albinus=Bernhard Siegfried Albinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._V._Dicey=Albert Dicey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Boden=Samuel Boden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mir_Sultan_Khan=Mir Sultan Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Unzicker=Wolfgang Unzicker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Zaitsev_(chess_player)=Aleksandr Nikolaevič Zajcev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savielly_Tartakower=Savelij Grigor'evič Tartakover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Harrwitz=Daniel Harrwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Yanofsky=Daniel Yanofsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Jun=Xu Jun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Harmonist=Max Harmonist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanette_MacDonald=Jeanette MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Antonio_Perti=Giacomo Antonio Perti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacy_Domeyko=Ignacy Domeyko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacy_Keach=Stacy Keach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Frycz_Modrzewski=Andrzej Frycz Modrzewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnieszka_Holland=Agnieszka Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%86lfric_of_Eynsham=Alfrico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulf_Andersson=Ulf Andersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honor_Blackman=Honor Blackman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_McColgan=Liz McColgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bart_Howard=Bart Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Friedrich,_Baron_Stockmar=Christian Friedrich von Stockmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopas=Cleofa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Rosenberg=Marshall Rosenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Charles_Mah%C3%A9_de_La_Bourdonnais=Louis-Charles de la Bourdonnais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Reshevsky=Samuel Reshevsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rabe=John Rabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Grubb=Jeff Grubb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Graham=Gary Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honorius_of_Canterbury=Onorio di Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heliodorus_of_Emesa=Eliodoro di Emesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_H._Hays=William Harrison Hays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Qingzhao=Li Qingzhao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili_Boulanger=Lili Boulanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Baselitz=Georg Baselitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Conyers=John Conyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Evans_(producer)=Robert Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudi_Gernreich=Rudi Gernreich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrique_Mecking=Henrique da Costa Mecking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serafino_Dubois=Serafino Dubois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wilding_(actor)=Michael Wilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Armstrong,_Jr.=John Armstrong Junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bentinck,_4th_Duke_of_Portland=William Bentinck, IV duca di Portland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Th%C3%A9venot=Jean de Thévenot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Harris_(writer)=John Harris (scrittore 1666)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Tavernier=Jean-Baptiste Tavernier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Berenson=Bernard Berenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Galton_Darwin=Charles Galton Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susie_Bright=Susie Bright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Liotta=Ray Liotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Graves=Peter Graves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stafford,_1st_Earl_of_Wiltshire=John Stafford, I conte di Wiltshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Stafford,_2nd_Earl_of_Wiltshire=Edward Stafford, II conte di Wiltshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Stafford,_1st_Earl_of_Wiltshire=Henry Stafford, III conte di Wiltshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumner_Welles=Sumner Welles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasil_ibn_Ata=Wasil ibn 'Ata'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Muqanna=Al-Muqanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Gatiss=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiune_Sugihara=Chiune Sugihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Griffiths=Rachel Griffiths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsy_Ross=Betsy Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Holland=Cyril Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._E._Smith,_1st_Earl_of_Birkenhead=Frederick Edward Smith, I conte di Birkenhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendan_Comiskey=Brendan Oliver Comiskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Smith_(Cabinet_member)=Robert Smith (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grattius=Grazio Falisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Klinger=Max Klinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_von_Harbou=Thea von Harbou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Knox=Frank Knox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Whitford=Brad Whitford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Greenblatt_(programmer)=Richard Greenblatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_IV=Karim Aga Khan IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christl_Haas=Christl Haas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Villeneuve=Denis Villeneuve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Jutra=Claude Jutra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Ulloa=Francisco de Ulloa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Kendall=Kay Kendall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Caro=Robert Caro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Wilhelm=Kate Wilhelm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thutmose_II=Thutmose II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_von_Haast=Julius von Haast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Kerr_(athlete)=Robert Kerr (atleta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_ibn_Sahl_Rabban_al-Tabari=Ali ibn Rabban al-Tabari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Anderson_(singer)=Carl Anderson (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Lovitz=Jon Lovitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cunobeline=Cunobelino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Combs=Jeffrey Combs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Catani=Vittorio Catani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D%C3%A9sir%C3%A9_Nisard=Désiré Nisard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Andrieux=François Andrieux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Meyers=Nancy Meyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collin_d'Harleville=Jean-François Collin d'Harleville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Eudes_de_M%C3%A9zeray=François Eudes de Mézeray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Condent=Christopher Condent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Markowitz=William Markowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wade=Henry Menasco Wade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Rowe=Keith Rowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Evans=Dale Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Fox_(producer)=William Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Jong-nam=Kim Jong-nam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Slotin=Louis Slotin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Simandl=Franz Simandl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Khristenko=Viktor Borisovič Christenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Allen=Karen Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Shue=Elisabeth Shue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ketan_Mehta=Ketan Mehta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Floy_Washburn=Margaret Floy Washburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bj%C3%B6rn_Kurt%C3%A9n=Björn Kurtén
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe-Antoine_Merlin_de_Douai=Philippe-Antoine Merlin de Douai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casimir_Delavigne=Casimir Delavigne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine-Marin_Lemierre=Antoine-Marin Lemierre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Ciorbea=Victor Ciorbea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Gyllenhaal=Jake Gyllenhaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Batteux=Charles Batteux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_McDonnell=Mary McDonnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melchior_de_Polignac=Melchior de Polignac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Allen=Joan Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_Tamblyn=Amber Tamblyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Sachs=Hans Sachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton_D._Baker=Newton Diehl Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Haley=Jack Haley (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip_Torn=Rip Torn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Ren%C3%A9_Guy_le_Chapelier=Isaac René Guy Le Chapelier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Bassett=Angela Bassett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Picardo=Robert Picardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Stiles=Julia Stiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alois_Negrelli=Luigi Negrelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Denis_Tronchet=François Denis Tronchet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-%C3%89tienne-Marie_Portalis=Jean-Étienne-Marie Portalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuthred_of_Kent=Cuthred del Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evaristo_Felice_Dall'Abaco=Evaristo Felice Dall'Abaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pappus_of_Alexandria=Pappo di Alessandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Montejo=Francisco de Montejo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Petracchi=Franco Petracchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Raimondo=Justin Raimondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldemar_Bonsels=Waldemar Bonsels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Shaiman=Marc Shaiman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Busch_(actor)=Ernst Busch (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjeev_Kumar=Sanjeev Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_Panettiere=Hayden Panettiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste-Louis_Gresset=Jean-Baptiste-Louis Gresset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Logg=Ed Logg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyle_Rains=Lyle Rains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Sifrein_Maury=Jean-Siffrein Maury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas-Edme_R%C3%A9tif=Restif de la Bretonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Masini=Marco Masini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Kutaragi=Ken Kutaragi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Tewksbury=Walter Tewksbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Woodring=Allen Woodring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Le_Vau=Louis Le Vau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_von_Salomon=Ernst von Salomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiro_Nakamatsu=Yoshiro Nakamatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Schanberg=Sydney Schanberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Tucker=Bernard Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikos_Skalkottas=Nikolaos Skalkottas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya_Rudolph=Maya Rudolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lepage=Robert Lepage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Batlle_y_Ord%C3%B3%C3%B1ez=José Batlle y Ordóñez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabis=Nabide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Radiguet=Raymond Radiguet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacey_Chabert=Lacey Chabert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Juzayy=Ibn Juzayy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Fox=Matthew Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Overy=Richard Overy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Wolf=Scott Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_London=Jeremy London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus_Perthes=Justus Perthes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertram_Turetzky=Bertram Turetzky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Emmott=Bill Emmott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakshmi_Mittal=Lakshmi Mittal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ripley=Robert Ripley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faustina_the_Elder=Faustina maggiore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetricus_I=Tetrico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Kasiski=Friedrich Kasiski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Northam=Jeremy Northam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almanzor=Almanzor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Minear=Tim Minear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Henry_Blackburne=Joseph Blackburne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Lazar=Bob Lazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtney_Solomon=Courtney Solomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lais_of_Corinth=Laide di Corinto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Finck=Werner Finck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Graham_(clockmaker)=George Graham (orologiaio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_Rothschild=Barone Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Moroni=Giovan Battista Moroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Burbidge=Margaret Burbidge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Gustaf_Geijer=Erik Gustaf Geijer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Austria=Giovanni d'Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Theophilus_of_Alexandria=Teofilo di Alessandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Ong=Betty Ong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huell_Howser=Huell Howser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Yankelevich=Jurij Jankelevič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Rashid=Ahmed Rashid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Beatty=Robert Beatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristides_de_Sousa_Mendes=Aristides de Sousa Mendes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Howell=James Howell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajkumar_(actor)=Rajkumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Segond=Louis Segond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_von_Stephan=Heinrich von Stephan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Pausini=Laura Pausini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Soprano=Tony Soprano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Miller=Judith Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Bichsel=Peter Bichsel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cureton=William Cureton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomokazu_Seki=Tomokazu Seki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Klausner=Joseph Klausner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassandra_Wilson=Cassandra Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Bogrov=Dmitrij Grigor'evič Bogrov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._A._L._Diamond=I. A. L. Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Pastorelli=Robert Pastorelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Edmund_Badger=George Edmund Badger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Carter_Abbott=Joseph Carter Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitiveni_Rabuka=Sitiveni Rabuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juraj_J%C3%A1no%C5%A1%C3%ADk=Juraj Jánošík
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivo_Robi%C4%87=Ivo Robić
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_P._Laurel=José P. Laurel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Colvin=Shawn Colvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Cornell=Don Cornell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oren_E._Long=Oren E. Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatiana_Nikolayeva=Tat'jana Petrovna Nikolaeva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Ladd=Alan Ladd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siegbert_Tarrasch=Siegbert Tarrasch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Finn=William Finn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nate_Richert=Nate Richert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Cabot_(explorer)=Sebastiano Caboto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cornysh=William Cornysh (1465-1523)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Glavieux=Alain Glavieux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Berrou=Claude Berrou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vsevolod_Pudovkin=Vsevolod Illarionovič Pudovkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Clark_(actor)=Ken Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikaru_Midorikawa=Hikaru Midorikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Zimmermann=Arthur Zimmermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Gibson_(director)=Brian Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharina_von_Bora=Katharina von Bora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Cris%C3%B3stomo_Arriaga=Juan Crisóstomo de Arriaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Baillot=Pierre Baillot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Jos%C3%A9e_Croze=Marie-Josée Croze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh=Guru Gobind Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph-Armand_Bombardier=Joseph-Armand Bombardier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Angad=Guru Angad Dev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Kawakami=Tomoko Kawakami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Samuel,_1st_Viscount_Samuel=Herbert Samuel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_de_la_Halle=Adam de la Halle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Hudson=Jennifer Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Stark=Ray Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Dolgoff=Sam Dolgoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Smith_(Hotmail)=Jack Smith (imprenditore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9e_Fleming=Renée Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surdas=Sūrdās
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulsidas=Tulsidas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mason_(governor)=John Mason (governatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Gillard=Julia Gillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dickinson_(Pennsylvania_and_Delaware)=John Dickinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathy_Bates=Kathy Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Amelung=Friedrich Amelung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_de_Requesens_y_Z%C3%BA%C3%B1iga=Luis de Zúñiga y Requesens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Komnenos_of_Cyprus=Isacco Comneno di Cipro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Perry_(game_developer)=David Perry (programmatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Hendrie=Margaret Hendrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Davis=Victor Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyuu_Sawai=Miyū Sawai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rika_Izumi=Rika Izumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Harris_(actor)=Steve Harris (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Brown_(politician)=Willie Brown (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Chichester=Francis Chichester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Mitchell_Palmer=Alexander Mitchell Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Stepashin=Sergej Vadimovič Stepašin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Primakov=Evgenij Maksimovič Primakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Sheridan=Ann Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Field=Betty Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abe_Vigoda=Abe Vigoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Granth_Sahib=Guru Granth Sahib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Sothern=Ann Sothern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Amar_Das=Guru Amar Das
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Ameche=Don Ameche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Bellamy=Ralph Bellamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon_Chagnon=Napoleon Chagnon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Hopkins=Harry Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rein_Taagepera=Rein Taagepera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Beaudine=William Beaudine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caresse_Crosby=Caresse Crosby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Clostermann=Pierre Clostermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Stresemann=Erwin Stresemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rocket=Charles Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edie_Sedgwick=Edie Sedgwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uwe_Johnson=Uwe Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloris_Leachman=Cloris Leachman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Wallis=Alfred Wallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Powell=Ronald Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Watson=Emily Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristin_Scott_Thomas=Kristin Scott Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floyd_Red_Crow_Westerman=Floyd 'Red Crow' Westerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_F._Kennedy,_Jr.=Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Preston_(actor)=Robert Preston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Lee_Smith=Lauren Lee Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Cimino=Michael Cimino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahir_Riyale_Kahin=Dahir Riyale Kahin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Ortega=Sergio Ortega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gretchen_Mol=Gretchen Mol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Forsyth_(Georgia)=John Forsyth (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamelia=Jamelia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Robertson=Kathleen Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_F%C3%A9lix=Elisabeth Rachel Félix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shere_Khan=Shere Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Gondry=Michel Gondry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleonora_Duse=Eleonora Duse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_P._Kennedy_II=Joseph Patrick Kennedy II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanye_West=Kanye West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_LeMoyne_Kennedy=Michael LeMoyne Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouyang_Xiu=Ouyang Xiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rory_Kennedy=Rory Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Kilbride=Percy Kilbride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Stansfield=Lisa Stansfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Bruce=Nigel Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Ashton=Catherine Ashton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Baillaud=Benjamin Baillaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Simon_Favart=Charles Simon Favart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Najib_Razak=Najib Razak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamamoto_Tsunetomo=Yamamoto Tsunetomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemal_Sunal=Kemal Sunal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosper_Jolyot_de_Cr%C3%A9billon=Prosper Jolyot de Crébillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Prosper_Jolyot_de_Cr%C3%A9billon=Claude-Prosper Jolyot de Crébillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Charpentier=Gustave Charpentier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Marie_Stanislas_Fr%C3%A9ron=Louis-Marie-Stanislas Fréron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherrill_Milnes=Sherrill Milnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Couthon=Georges Couthon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Bon_Saint-Andr%C3%A9=André Jeanbon Saint André
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wes_Anderson=Wes Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Loewy=Maurice Loewy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Curtis=Robin Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Hume=Tobias Hume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Esclangon=Ernest Esclangon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lise-Marie_Morerod=Lise-Marie Morerod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Sinise=Gary Sinise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariel_Hemingway=Mariel Hemingway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Reitman=Ivan Reitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie-Lynn_Sigler=Jamie-Lynn Sigler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine_Bracco=Lorraine Bracco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Zhdanov=Andrej Aleksandrovič Ždanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Imperioli=Michael Imperioli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien_de_Gerlache=Adrien de Gerlache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Sirico=Tony Sirico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Chianese=Dominic Chianese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Boulton=Marjorie Boulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Apted=Michael Apted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hatch_(actor)=Richard Hatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drea_de_Matteo=Drea de Matteo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronaldinho=Ronaldinho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aida_Turturro=Aida Turturro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Schirripa=Steve Schirripa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Grimaldi=Dan Grimaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_Castelluccio=Federico Castelluccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Brady=Wayne Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_O._Paine=Thomas O. Paine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hunt_(politician)=Henry Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Smigel=Robert Smigel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carey_Means=Carey Means
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wil_Tirion=Wil Tirion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antanas_Mockus=Antanas Mockus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Golbahari=Marina Golbahari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles-Ir%C3%A9n%C3%A9e_Castel_de_Saint-Pierre=Charles-Irénée Castel de Saint-Pierre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Seebohm=Henry Seebohm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_MacArthur=Ellen MacArthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bowdler_Sharpe=Richard Bowdler Sharpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N%C3%A9pomuc%C3%A8ne_Lemercier=Népomucène Lemercier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fu_Mingxia=Fu Mingxia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine-Vincent_Arnault=Antoine-Vincent Arnault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_L._Littrow=Karl Ludwig von Littrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B3nas_Hallgr%C3%ADmsson=Jónas Hallgrímsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Murch=Walter Murch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gates=John Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_of_Scotland=Edmondo di Scozia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B%C3%A9la_Bal%C3%A1zs=Béla Balázs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Paul=Alice Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cooper_(composer)=John Cooper (musicista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Cartwright=Edmund Cartwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_de_La_Fayette=Louise de La Fayette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_York=Michael York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Marcelin_de_Fontanes=Jean-Pierre Louis de Fontanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Marks=Johnny Marks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savitri_Devi=Savitri Devi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Dee=Frances Dee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Bultmann=Rudolf Bultmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Ray=Nicholas Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Johansen=David Johansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark-Paul_Gosselaar=Mark-Paul Gosselaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Shepherd=Alan Shepherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilan_Mitchell-Smith=Ilan Mitchell-Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Sawyer=Chris Sawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaan_Kross=Jaan Kross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Baer=Richard Baer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chad_Trujillo=Chad Trujillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Mol=Albert Mol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_E._Brown=Michael E. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_L._Rabinowitz=David Lincoln Rabinowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Stuart=Gloria Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Selick=Henry Selick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Fraenkel=Adolf Abraham Halevi Fraenkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Burmester=Willy Burmester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois-Auguste_Gevaert=François-Auguste Gevaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B3zef_Haller=Józef Haller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Joseph_King=Thomas Joseph King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Stewart,_Duke_of_Rothesay=David Stewart, Duca di Rothesay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Godard=Benjamin Godard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Stewart,_Earl_of_Buchan=Alessandro Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wesley_Snipes=Wesley Snipes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhubala=Madhubala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Whitfield=Simon Whitfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angie_Dickinson=Angie Dickinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%BCri_Allik=Jüri Allik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_van_Dantzig=David van Dantzig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Walker=Murray Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Lachner=Franz Lachner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Laforet=Carmen Laforet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Jos%C3%A9_Arce=Manuel José Arce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Vincent_Wright=Ernest Vincent Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Przhevalsky=Nikolaj Michajlovič Prževal'skij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Koester=Helmut Koester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bendix=William Bendix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Geisser=Seymour Geisser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Duffy=Patrick Duffy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Whitworth-Aylmer,_5th_Baron_Aylmer=Matthew Whitworth-Aylmer, V barone Aylmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostino_Todaro=Agostino Todaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messali_Hadj=Messali Hajj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._M._Wright=Edward M. Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Moller=Paul Moller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_II_Orseolo=Pietro II Orseolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathlok=Deathlok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Friedrich_Waagen=Gustav Friedrich Waagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahalalel=Maalaleel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Marteau=Henri Marteau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Popper=David Popper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Rheinberger=Joseph Gabriel Rheinberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Riemann=Hugo Riemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asadi_Tusi=Asadi Tusi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Henreid=Paul Henreid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivor_Guest,_1st_Baron_Wimborne=Ivor Guest, I barone Wimborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Bennett=Joan Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchi_Emecheta=Buchi Emecheta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Nestl%C3%A9=Henri Nestlé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bam_Margera=Bam Margera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Herbert,_7th_Earl_of_Carnarvon=Henry Herbert, VII conte di Carnarvon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Lyon=Lucius Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigismond_Thalberg=Sigismund Thalberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmy_Destinn=Emmy Destinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Krauthammer=Charles Krauthammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotty_Bowman=Scotty Bowman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mestwin_I,_Duke_of_Pomerania=Mestwin I di Pomerania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swietopelk_II,_Duke_of_Pomerania=Świętopełk II di Pomerania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Rourke=Mickey Rourke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Tapping=Amanda Tapping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemond_III_of_Antioch=Boemondo III d'Antiochia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Jakob_Cretzschmar=Philipp Jakob Cretzschmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wilhelm_Schott=Heinrich Wilhelm Schott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Jorgensen=Jo Jorgensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemond_IV_of_Antioch=Boemondo IV d'Antiochia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemond_V_of_Antioch=Boemondo V d'Antiochia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemond_VI_of_Antioch=Boemondo VI d'Antiochia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond-Roupen=Raimondo Rupeno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sohrab_Sepehri=Sohrab Sepehri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Bell_(actress)=Catherine Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daley_Thompson=Daley Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_von_Kaulbach=Wilhelm von Kaulbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Dees=Rick Dees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Odenkirk=Bob Odenkirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Merrill=Andy Merrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Buonarroti=Filippo Buonarroti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerrit_Berveling=Gerrit Berveling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Fischerkoesen=Hans Fischerkoesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keenen_Ivory_Wayans=Keenen Ivory Wayans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Manigat=Leslie Manigat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglass_Dumbrille=Douglass Dumbrille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Hoffmann=Felix Hoffmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Daldry=Stephen Daldry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequoyah=Sequoyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_White_(surgeon)=John White (chirurgo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Moschopoulos=Manuele Moscopulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cotton_(minister)=John Cotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Kaup=Johann Jakob Kaup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_J._Crittenden=John Jordan Crittenden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes_McCambridge=Mercedes McCambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teri_Garr=Teri Garr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Vinson=Carl Vinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Stern_(actor)=Daniel Stern (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama=Barack Obama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Tobolsk=Giovanni di Tobol'sk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Laughlin=Billy Laughlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annemarie_Schimmel=Annemarie Schimmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Schlag=Felix Schlag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Bruhn=Erik Bruhn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Skarsg%C3%A5rd=Gustaf Skarsgård
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Skarsg%C3%A5rd=Alexander Skarsgård
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellan_Skarsg%C3%A5rd=Stellan Skarsgård
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roma_Mitchell=Roma Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeana_Yeager=Jeana Yeager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Dhavernas=Caroline Dhavernas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wes_Bentley=Wes Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Franchi=Franco Franchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_William_Cooper=Milton William Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Beltran=Robert Beltran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezio_Pinza=Ezio Pinza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexey_Troitsky=Aleksej Alekseevič Troickij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genrikh_Kasparyan=Henrik K'asparyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermanis_Matisons=Hermanis Matisons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Whitaker=Johnny Whitaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockard_Channing=Stockard Channing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Biggs=Richard Biggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Kaufman=Charlie Kaufman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Salinger=Matt Salinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agapius=Agapio di Cesarea (santo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deanna_Durbin=Deanna Durbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_McCrea=Joel McCrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Cooper=Alan Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fromental_Hal%C3%A9vy=Fromental Halévy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Vowell=Sarah Vowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carly_Fiorina=Carly Fiorina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Powell_(costume_designer)=Sandy Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hardinge,_1st_Viscount_Hardinge=Henry Hardinge, I visconte Hardinge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Beatty=Ned Beatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armin_Mueller-Stahl=Armin Mueller-Stahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Furlong=Edward Furlong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Khayzuran=Khayzuran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_Kayser=Emanuel Kayser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Olsen=Ken Olsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Rohde=Erwin Rohde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Couperus=Louis Couperus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cumberland_(philosopher)=Richard Cumberland (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gil_Troy=Gil Troy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Francis_Adams_III=Charles Francis Adams III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Nagy=Gregory Nagy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tab_Hunter=Tab Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darla_Hood=Darla Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Boyle,_4th_Earl_of_Orrery=Charles Boyle, IV conte di Orrery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_de_la_Chaise=François d'Aix de La Chaise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Ulrich_von_Cramer=Johann Ulrich von Cramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Claes=Willy Claes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharmendra=Dharmendra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hema_Malini=Hema Malini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Glass=Hugh Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhea_Perlman=Rhea Perlman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priyanka_Gandhi=Priyanka Gandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerzy_Andrzejewski=Jerzy Andrzejewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Gardiner=Reginald Gardiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dina_Meyer=Dina Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maude_Adams=Maude Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._N._P._Barbellion=Bruce Frederick Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Maddrell=Ned Maddrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Moranis=Rick Moranis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leigh_Bowery=Leigh Bowery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raaj_Kumar=Raaj Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajkumar_Santoshi=Rajkumar Santoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Storch=Larry Storch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanis%C5%82aw_Miko%C5%82ajczyk=Stanisław Mikołajczyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Ashcroft=Peggy Ashcroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_R._Broccoli=Albert R. Broccoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Williamson_(economist)=John Williamson (economista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramachandran_Ramesh=Ramachandran Ramesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zolt%C3%A1n_Kocsis=Zoltán Kocsis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Jourdan=Louis Jourdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elyesa_Bazna=Elyesa Bazna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Lotman=Jurij Michajlovič Lotman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sander_Levin=Sander Levin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Taylor_Thomas=Jonathan Taylor Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_J._Anderson=Michael J. Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Modine=Matthew Modine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Crawford_(sculptor)=Thomas Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visconte_Maggiolo=Vesconte Maggiolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florian_Cajori=Florian Cajori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Thomas_(animator)=Frank Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marinus_van_der_Goes_van_Naters=Marinus van der Goes van Naters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Kemp_Smith=Norman Kemp Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Brown_(entrepreneur)=David Brown (imprenditore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garry_Marshall=Garry Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sholom_Dovber_Schneersohn=Sholom Dovber Schneersohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_van_Scorel=Jan van Scorel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Amos=John Amos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cooper_(car_maker)=John Newton Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Howard=Susan Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harald_Zwart=Harald Zwart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solange_Knowles=Solange Knowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erkki-Sven_T%C3%BC%C3%BCr=Erkki-Sven Tüür
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Bruce=Fiona Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranulf_II_of_Aquitaine=Ranulfo II di Poitiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_II,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=Guglielmo II di Aquitania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_I,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=Guglielmo I di Aquitania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebalus,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=Ebalus di Aquitania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acfred,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=Alfredo d'Aquitania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_VI,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=Guglielmo VI di Aquitania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_IV,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=Guglielmo IV di Aquitania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo_of_Gascony=Oddone II di Guascogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_III,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=Guglielmo III di Aquitania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_V,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=Guglielmo V di Aquitania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_VII,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=Guglielmo VII di Aquitania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_VIII,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=Guglielmo VIII di Aquitania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_IX,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=Guglielmo IX d'Aquitania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_X,_Duke_of_Aquitaine=Guglielmo X di Aquitania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Meir_Kagan=Yisrael Meir Kagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_DeCoteau=David DeCoteau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tran_Anh_Hung=Trần Anh Hùng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Carter=Ralph Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayuki_Suo=Masayuki Suo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Creme=Benjamin Creme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yisroel_Salanter=Israel Salanter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshitar%C5%8D_Nomura=Yoshitarō Nomura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Baedeker=Karl Baedeker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Hindenburg=Carl Hindenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Perry=Rick Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Har_Rai=Guru Har Rai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Hargobind=Guru Har Gobind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Wyeth=Andrew Wyeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Har_Krishan=Guru Har Krishan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Tegh_Bahadur=Guru Tegh Bahadur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Odets=Clifford Odets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amenhotep_I=Amenofi I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliza_Poe=Elizabeth Arnold Hopkins Poe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Anacletus_II=Antipapa Anacleto II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amenhotep_II=Amenofi II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Simpson_(mountaineer)=Joe Simpson (alpinista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Yates_(mountaineer)=Simon Yates (alpinista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Lorber=Jakob Lorber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ardai=Richard Aleas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Jaeger=Werner Jaeger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Stanier=William Stanier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dom_DeLuise=Dom DeLuise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Reed=Alfred Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Taimanov=Mark Evgenovič Tajmanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabinianus=Sabiniano (usurpatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_McHenry=James McHenry (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mosse=George Mosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Takei=Hiroyuki Takei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Jensen=Jane Jensen (scrittrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Stanhope,_2nd_Earl_of_Chesterfield=Philip Stanhope, II conte di Chesterfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Lennard,_Countess_of_Sussex=Anne Lennard, contessa di Sussex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_FitzRoy,_1st_Duke_of_Northumberland=George FitzRoy, I duca di Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Awdry=Christopher Awdry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillip_Adams=Phillip Adams (produttore cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcia_Clark=Marcia Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kricfalusi=John Kricfalusi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili_Taylor=Lili Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Armbruster=Peter Armbruster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingenuus=Ingenuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regalianus=Regaliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macrianus_Major=Macriano Maggiore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macrianus_Minor=Macriano Minore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quietus=Quieto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladivoj,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Clodoveo di Boemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariano_Azuela=Mariano Azuela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elihu_B._Washburne=Elihu B. Washburne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aureolus=Aureolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Spence=Lewis Spence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Mix=Tom Mix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Jarvis_(actor)=Martin Jarvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Saturninus=Giulio Saturnino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proculus=Proculo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thutmose_IV=Thutmose IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonosus_(usurper)=Gaio Quinto Bonoso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alois_Hitler=Alois Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Gallerani=Cecilia Gallerani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Roggeveen=Jacob Roggeveen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_George=Stefan George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlan_F._Stone=Harlan Fiske Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Blanks=Billy Blanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_C._Jerdon=Thomas Caverhill Jerdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Westhoff=Clara Westhoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Romand=Jean-Claude Romand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Blessed=Brian Blessed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_7th_Marquess_of_Salisbury=Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, VII marchese di Salisbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Alfano=Franco Alfano (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xuxa=Xuxa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hymans=Paul Hymans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gascoyne-Cecil,_4th_Marquess_of_Salisbury=James Gascoyne-Cecil, IV marchese di Salisbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gascoyne-Cecil,_5th_Marquess_of_Salisbury=Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, V marchese di Salisbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_E._Kurtz=Thomas Eugene Kurtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bretislaus_I,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Bretislao I di Boemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_Braun=Matthias Braun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Douglas-Hamilton,_13th_Duke_of_Hamilton=Alfred Douglas-Hamilton, XIII duca di Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Douglas-Hamilton,_Duchess_of_Hamilton=Nina Poore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Carradine=David Carradine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Bradley=Ed Bradley (giornalista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Robinson_(poet)=Mary Robinson (poetessa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Cheadle=Don Cheadle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Dietrich=Otto Dietrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Hermann=Jakob Hermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Atlas=Charles Atlas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Gallagher=Joseph Gallagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Ribault=Jean Ribault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Blakely=Susan Blakely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powers_Boothe=Powers Boothe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Lloyd=Jake Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Fabiani=Linda Fabiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Muldaur=Diana Muldaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Aspdin=Joseph Aspdin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Gurley_Drew=Richard Drew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulcher_of_Chartres=Fulcherio di Chartres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melina_Kanakaredes=Melina Kanakaredes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Hoefler=Don Hoefler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_O'Donnell=Chris O'Donnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Brokoff=Jan Brokoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izz_ad-Din_al-Qassam=Izz al-Din al-Qassam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bindusara=Bindusara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dingiswayo=Dingiswayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Chalmers=Thomas Chalmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_of_Cirencester=Riccardo di Cirencester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Angelo_Pergolesi=Michelangelo Pergolesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Jones_(architect)=Horace Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._S._Neill=Alexander Sutherland Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Adam_Reincken=Johann Adam Reincken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clovis_IV=Clodoveo IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manetho=Manetone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Cardellini=Linda Cardellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piers_Morgan=Piers Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famke_Janssen=Famke Janssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Garroway=Dave Garroway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lane_(actor)=Charles Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kirke=David Kirke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideyuki_Hirayama=Hideyuki Hirayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Nabors=Jim Nabors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Martin_(Canadian_politician)=Joseph Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Jones_(actor)=Allan Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Hervey=Irene Hervey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Arnold=Kenneth Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_Granados=Enrique Granados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosper_Avril=Prosper Avril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_Berman=Gail Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gata_Kamsky=Gata Kamskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberts_Blossom=Roberts Blossom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Carmona=Pedro Carmona Estanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Burroughs=Jackie Burroughs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Czerny=Henry Czerny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dishy=Bob Dishy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raul_Roco=Raúl Roco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Pavolini=Alessandro Pavolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Abbott=Tony Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon_Brand_van_Zyl=Gideon van Zyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arseny_Zverev=Arsenij Grigor'evič Zverev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Zamboni=Frank Zamboni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciszek_Zab%C5%82ocki=Franciszek Zabłocki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodovico_Zacconi=Ludovico Zacconi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Zachow=Friedrich Wilhelm Zachow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Unger=Felix Unger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Boston=Thomas Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Burgess=Guy Burgess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_von_Hochstetter=Ferdinand von Hochstetter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_August_von_Quenstedt=Friedrich August von Quenstedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Kurz=Hermann Kurz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isolde_Kurz=Isolde Kurz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_von_Strassburg=Gottfried von Straßburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Sterling=Jan Sterling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Leberecht_Immermann=Carl Leberecht Immermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Somerset,_2nd_Earl_of_Worcester=Henry Somerset, II conte di Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Somerset,_3rd_Earl_of_Worcester=William Somerset, III conte di Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_de_La_Palice=Jacques de La Palice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bagot=Charles Bagot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Clay_Folger=Henry Clay Folger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangrai=Mangrai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Payne=Alexander Payne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fay_Compton=Fay Compton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Somerset,_4th_Earl_of_Worcester=Edward Somerset, IV conte di Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Clarke=Jeremiah Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Zafy=Albert Zafy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Theodor_Zahle=Carl Theodor Zahle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandros_Zaimis=Alexandros Zaimīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaleucus=Zaleuco di Locri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksander_Zawadzki=Aleksander Zawadzki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Albert_von_Zenker=Friedrich Albert von Zenker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Clara_Eugenia=Isabella Clara Eugenia d'Asburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hurndall=Richard Hurndall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W%C5%82adys%C5%82aw_Raczkiewicz=Władysław Raczkiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Somerset,_1st_Marquess_of_Worcester=Henry Somerset, I marchese di Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Lloyd-Pack=Roger Lloyd Pack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hoban=James Hoban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Kaspar_Zeuss=Johann Kaspar Zeuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_Zum%C3%A1rraga=Juan de Zumárraga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budd_Hopkins=Budd Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Hopkins=Frank Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Blade=Brian Blade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_Staugaitis=Jonas Staugaitis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antanas_Merkys=Antanas Merkys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Isabella_Byron,_Baroness_Byron=Anne Isabella Milbanke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Ch%C3%A1vez=Carlos Chávez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Marston_(poet)=John Marston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Fitz_Peter,_1st_Earl_of_Essex=Geoffrey FitzPeter, I conte di Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilu_Henner=Marilu Henner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Valence,_1st_Earl_of_Pembroke=William de Valence, I conte di Pembroke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Moscone=George Moscone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Somerset,_2nd_Marquess_of_Worcester=Edward Somerset, II marchese di Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muriel_Duckworth=Muriel Duckworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Whitty=May Whitty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Lockwood=Margaret Lockwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irina_Slutskaya=Irina Sluckaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Stager=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musa_Ghiatuddin_Riayat_Shah_of_Selangor=Musa Ghiatuddin Riayat Shah di Selangor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Somerset,_Marquess_of_Worcester=Charles Somerset, marchese di Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Somerset,_2nd_Duke_of_Beaufort=Henry Somerset, II duca di Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Cabannes=Jean Cabannes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Tilke=Hermann Tilke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Ingelow=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Kopisch=August Kopisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Somerset,_4th_Duke_of_Beaufort=Charles Somerset, IV duca di Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_von_W%C3%BCrzburg=Corrado di Würzburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fang_Lizhi=Fang Lizhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanda_Landowska=Wanda Landowska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Karl_Friedrich_Z%C3%B6llner=Johann Karl Friedrich Zöllner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorja_Fox=Jorja Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommaso_Traetta=Tommaso Traetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Grenfell=Wilfred Grenfell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_de_Goncourt=Jules de Goncourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_di_Capua=Eduardo Di Capua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rado=James Rado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Atl=Dr. Atl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Henry=Buck Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jono_Bacon=Jono Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Mezzasoma=Ferdinando Mezzasoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derrick_May_(musician)=Derrick May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Leedskalnin=Edward Leedskalnin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Fisher=Geoffrey Francis Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ramsey=Arthur Michael Ramsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Bessler=Johann Ernst Elias Bessler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doris_Humphrey=Doris Humphrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Loussier=Jacques Loussier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasumasa_Kanada=Yasumasa Kanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Somerset,_5th_Duke_of_Beaufort=Henry Somerset, V duca di Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Souers=Sidney Souers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Mewes=Jason Mewes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grady_Booch=Grady Booch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yiannis_Latsis=Giannis Latsis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucienne_Boyer=Lucienne Boyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Mercati=Michele Mercati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonzalo_de_Berceo=Gonzalo de Berceo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Hoerni=Jean Hoerni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjay_Gandhi=Sanjay Gandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Adam_(French_novelist)=Paul Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Gardner=Laurence Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Mariette=Auguste Mariette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Manrique=Jorge Manrique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubertino_of_Casale=Ubertino da Casale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Smith_(games_programmer)=Matthew Smith (programmatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gibbs_McAdoo=William Gibbs McAdoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Howard_Hinton=Charles Howard Hinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_nobility=Nobiltà spagnola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Potocki=Jan Potocki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machiko_Soga=Machiko Soga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Coates_(musician)=Albert Coates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Schwartzman=Jason Schwartzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Haas=Ernst Haas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisaku_Ikeda=Daisaku Ikeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Seymour_Hoffman=Philip Seymour Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Reilly=John C. Reilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenio_Brunetta_d'Usseaux=Eugenio Brunetta d'Usseaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhard_Bonnke=Reinhard Bonnke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Astor=Mary Astor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miodrag_Bulatovi%C4%87=Miodrag Bulatović
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_Novarro=Ramón Novarro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolores_del_R%C3%ADo=Dolores del Río
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_V._Iglesias=Enrique V. Iglesias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Catalani=Alfredo Catalani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brown_(doctor)=John Brown (medico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Cain=Dean Cain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashid-al-Din_Hamadani=Rashid al-Din Hamadani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Eagan=Eddie Eagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Savage=Richard Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_Burm=Kris Burm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Savage,_4th_Earl_Rivers=Richard Savage, IV conte Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Grey,_2nd_Earl_of_Stamford=Thomas Grey, II conte di Stamford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Grey,_1st_Earl_of_Stamford=Henry Grey, I conte di Stamford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Fr%C3%A9nicle_de_Bessy=Bernard Frénicle de Bessy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Merriman=Ryan Merriman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Bob_Smith=Bob Smith (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovadia_Yosef=Ovadia Yosef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthard_G%C3%BCnther=Gotthard Günther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanzi=Kanzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Haines=William Haines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Friedel=Brad Friedel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ledeen=Michael Ledeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mackay_Brown=George Mackay Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Chisholm=Shirley Chisholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesare_Cant%C3%B9=Cesare Cantù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laonikos_Chalkokondyles=Laonico Calcondila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B3zsef_E%C3%B6tv%C3%B6s=József Eötvös
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_Angelo_Manzolli=Marcello Palingenio Stellato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clarke_(Irish_republican)=Tom Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoko_Fukada=Kyōko Fukada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Dubin=Al Dubin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Nixon_Eisenhower=Julie Nixon Eisenhower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Vogel=Paula Vogel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishir%C5%8D_Honda=Ishirō Honda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Auburn=David Auburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Ut=Nick Út
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Attali=Jacques Attali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Robinson_Clark=William Robinson Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Segal=George Segal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Posey=Parker Posey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dean=John Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hanson=Robin Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_D._Ryder=Richard Ryder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Tate_Regan=Charles Tate Regan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bay=Michael Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Platt=Edward Platt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Gautier=Dick Gautier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernie_Kopell=Bernie Kopell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Canfield_Fisher=Dorothy Canfield Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Deacon_(actor)=Richard Deacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achilles_Tatius=Achille Tazio (romanziere)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_Bennett=Constance Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jampa_Tsering=Jampa Tsering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Morgan_Vanderbilt=Gloria Mercedes Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_deWilde=Brandon De Wilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare_Kramer=Clare Kramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Coyote=Peter Coyote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Howard_Russell=William Howard Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Madden=Joel Madden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psusennes_III=Psusennes III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Cantat=Bertrand Cantat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Brandon=Michael Brandon (attore 1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Meeropol=Abel Meeropol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Ditters_von_Dittersdorf=Carl Ditters von Dittersdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Everett_Hale=Edward Everett Hale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Bonno=Giuseppe Bonno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_S._Herman=Edward S. Herman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dashan=Dashan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jigme_Wangchuck=Jigme Wangchuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pherecydes_of_Leros=Ferecide di Atene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jigme_Dorji_Wangchuck=Jigme Dorji Wangchuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Bollini=Paolo Bollini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marino_Riccardi=Marino Riccardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Gillmor=Dan Gillmor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Beresford=Bruce Beresford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilien_Luce=Maximilien Luce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Trediakovsky=Vasilij Kirillovič Tredjakovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Campion=Jane Campion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_James=Dick James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_Chillida=Eduardo Chillida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_da_Filicaja=Vincenzo da Filicaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erika_Mann=Erika Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golo_Mann=Golo Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Mostel=Zero Mostel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_R._Forstchen=William R. Forstchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Moore=Ward Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Schachner=Nat Schachner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Sturridge=Charles Sturridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Abbey=Lynn Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_de_Marenches=Alexandre de Marenches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Boyd=Russell Boyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Strasberg=Lee Strasberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Cranston=Alan Cranston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Mayor=Michel Mayor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Maxwell_Fyfe,_1st_Earl_of_Kilmuir=David Maxwell Fyfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giles_Corey=Giles Corey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imee_Marcos=Imee Marcos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Capurro=Giovanni Capurro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevanian=Trevanian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Jones=Jeffrey Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassandre_(1901%E2%80%931968)=Cassandre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Nicodemus_Frischlin=Nicodemus Frischlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyd_Blankenship=Loyd Blankenship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Hauff=Wilhelm Hauff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Howard,_1st_Earl_of_Suffolk=Thomas Howard, I conte di Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Howard,_3rd_Earl_of_Suffolk=James Howard, III conte di Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thom_Jones=Thom Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hosokawa_Gracia=Hosokawa Tamako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_M._Vinson=Frederick Moore Vinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Myslive%C4%8Dek=Josef Mysliveček
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiradentes=Tiradentes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertha_Benz=Bertha Benz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Atterberg=Kurt Atterberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaine_May=Elaine May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niels_Gade=Niels Gade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Conried=Hans Conried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Dassault=Serge Dassault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Veil=Simone Veil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nell_Gwyn=Nell Gwyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Ancillon=Friedrich Ancillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Lee_(forensic_scientist)=Henry Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Alberto_Biggini=Carlo Alberto Biggini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Schreck=Max Schreck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Kilgallen=Dorothy Kilgallen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marg_Helgenberger=Marg Helgenberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Postel=Guillaume Postel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ehrenberg=Paul Ehrenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Russell_Pope=John Russell Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Renault_(industrialist)=Louis Renault (imprenditore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Boutin=Christine Boutin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Ashley-Cooper,_3rd_Earl_of_Shaftesbury=Anthony Ashley-Cooper, III conte di Shaftesbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Murray_Butler=Nicholas Murray Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_T%C3%A1rrega=Francisco Tárrega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonso_Taft=Alphonso Taft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Hornigold=Benjamin Hornigold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_IX_Lathyros=Tolomeo IX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mackay,_Baron_Mackay_of_Clashfern=James Mackay, barone Mackay di Clashfern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Katzenberg=Jeffrey Katzenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Bleszinski=Cliff Bleszinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feodor_Chaliapin=Fëdor Ivanovič Šaljapin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Dugua,_Sieur_de_Mons=Pierre Dugua de Mons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Abel=Walter Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McCormack_(tenor)=John McCormack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucian_Blaga=Lucian Blaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_Ann_Miller=Penelope Ann Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Yanase=Takashi Yanase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Wellesley,_7th_Duke_of_Wellington=Gerald Wellesley, VII duca di Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savion_Glover=Savion Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Wellesley,_4th_Duke_of_Wellington=Arthur Wellesley, IV duca di Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Charles_Wellesley=Lord Charles Wellesley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Flynn=Raymond Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luzzasco_Luzzaschi=Luzzasco Luzzaschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wovoka=Wovoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frithjof_Schuon=Frithjof Schuon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Macchio=Ralph Macchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantius_Gallus=Costanzo Gallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Bruel=Patrick Bruel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maia_Chiburdanidze=Majja Čiburdanidze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Aldrich=Robert Aldrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gale_Sondergaard=Gale Sondergaard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Kattan=Chris Kattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derlei=Derlei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Schwab=Gustav Schwab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_William_Garratt=Herbert William Garratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Vernam=Gilbert Vernam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Joy=Robert Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hass=Robert Hass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Darren=James Darren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Jennings=Alex Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Masai=Edith Masai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hobart,_4th_Earl_of_Buckinghamshire=Robert Hobart, IV conte di Buckinghamshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Smith-Stanley,_12th_Earl_of_Derby=Edward Smith-Stanley, XII conte di Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Hall=Brad Hall (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Tambor=Jeffrey Tambor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sumter=Thomas Sumter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley_Long=Shelley Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henryk_Wieniawski=Henryk Wieniawski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Skene=Alexander Skene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Shuker=Karl Shuker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitey_Bulger=James Bulger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Nilsen=Dennis Nilsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Desmond_Taylor=William Desmond Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Sturgeon=Nicola Sturgeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Hewett=Christopher Hewett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Williams_(actor)=Guy Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Strasser=Otto Strasser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Miles_Minter=Mary Miles Minter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel_Normand=Mabel Normand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Nicolai=Carl Otto Nicolai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Cooper=Chris Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Massey=Anna Massey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duryodhana=Duryodhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Brassey,_1st_Earl_Brassey=Thomas Brassey, I conte Brassey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideo_Nakata=Hideo Nakata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvino_D'Armati=Salvino degli Armati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senta_Berger=Senta Berger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mahoney=John Mahoney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phaswane_Mpe=Phaswane Mpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrone_Power=Tyrone Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nia_Vardalos=Nia Vardalos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Polley=Sarah Polley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Smith_(actor)=William Smith (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yegor_Ligachyov=Egor Kuz'mič Ligačëv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahinda_Rajapaksa=Mahinda Rajapaksa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_d'Ailly=Pierre d'Ailly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_Gerlofs_Donia=Pier Gerlofs Donia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Markham=Clements Markham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Gruen=Victor Gruen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josep_Caixal_i_Estrad%C3%A9=Josep Caixal i Estradé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wesley_Bolin=Wesley Bolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernestine_Rose=Ernestine Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Printemps=Yvonne Printemps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacha_Guitry=Sacha Guitry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Hadji_Diouf=El Hadji Diouf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Montez=María Montez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Halberg=Murray Halberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delphine_Seyrig=Delphine Seyrig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabney_Coleman=Dabney Coleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonali_Bendre=Sonali Bendre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Mack=Connie Mack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Cascella=Pietro Cascella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaneto_Shindo=Kaneto Shindō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Christoph_Wagenseil=Georg Christoph Wagenseil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Graham_(astronomer)=Andrew Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hall_(actor)=George Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geli_Raubal=Angelika Raubal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Parnell_Tuttle=Horace Parnell Tuttle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Roosevelt_Longworth=Alice Lee Roosevelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Dufresne=Jean Dufresne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_de_Hooch=Pieter de Hooch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Charlois=Auguste Honoré Charlois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrogio_Calepino=Ambrogio Calepio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_H._Hamilton=Lee Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Bukovsky=Vladimir Konstantinovič Bukovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnolt_Schlick=Arnolt Schlick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Bononcini=Giovanni Bononcini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garcia_de_Resende=Garcia de Resende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Alessandri=Alessandro d'Alessandro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Loggia=Robert Loggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_Maria_Sardelli=Federico Maria Sardelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Newman_(composer)=Alfred Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Christy=James Christy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Orbach=Jerry Orbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Rostal=Max Rostal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Coleman_(painter)=Joe Coleman (artista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Sanders=Ed Sanders (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morgenthau,_Jr.=Henry Morgenthau Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Rae=Charlotte Rae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lehman=John Lehman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Lewis=Denise Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Pflimlin=Pierre Pflimlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Leeves=Jane Leeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anagarika_Dharmapala=Anagarika Dharmapala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Peters=Carl Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Boleyn,_Countess_of_Wiltshire=Elizabeth Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Goerdeler=Carl Friedrich Goerdeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaan_de_Groot=Adriaan de Groot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_von_Le_Coq=Albert von Le Coq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._K._S._Iyengar=B. K. S. Iyengar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Scherer=Wilhelm Scherer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhold_Gli%C3%A8re=Reinhold Moritzevič Glière
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Ippolitov-Ivanov=Michail Michajlovič Ippolitov-Ivanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Georges_Lefranc_de_Pompignan=Jean-Georges Lefranc de Pompignan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasmus_Rask=Rasmus Christian Rask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Bernard_Hombron=Jacques Bernard Hombron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_von_Br%C3%BChl=Heinrich von Brühl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Ludwig_von_Schl%C3%B6zer=August Ludwig von Schlözer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nestor_the_Chronicler=Nestor di Pečerska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Malalas=Giovanni Malalas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wansbrough=John Wansbrough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millicent_Martin=Millicent Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Lamas=Fernando Lamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_de_Windt=Harry de Windt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Wolfe_Bruce=Catherine Wolfe Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Scheidt=Samuel Scheidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eihi_Shiina=Eihi Shiina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_McGuire=Edith McGuire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnie_Wahlberg=Donnie Wahlberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geminiano_Montanari=Geminiano Montanari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghada_Shouaa=Ghada Shouaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horia_Sima=Horia Sima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosamond_McKitterick=Rosamond McKitterick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_K%C3%BCng=Hans Küng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Kosteniuk=Aleksandra Kostenjuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joses=Giuseppe (parente di Gesù)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Wenna=Wenna di Talgarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikaru_Nakamura=Hikaru Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Jakob_Sundevall=Carl Jacob Sundevall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvestre_Revueltas=Silvestre Revueltas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Freiherr_von_M%C3%BCffling=Karl von Müffling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Mandelbaum=Allen Mandelbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich,_Duke_of_W%C3%BCrttemberg=Ulrico I di Württemberg (1487-1550)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_B%C3%B6hmer=Johann Friedrich Böhmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Winkelmann=Eduard Winkelmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Kuhl=Heinrich Kuhl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Bloch=Ernest Bloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Tanner=Alain Tanner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Blount=Elizabeth Blount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_R._Schlesinger=James R. Schlesinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Brown_(Secretary_of_Defense)=Harold Brown (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Klugman=Jack Klugman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Carter_(musician)=Daniel Carter (musicista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Bridge=Frank Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Fenollosa=Ernest Fenollosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Kendall=Maurice George Kendall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenjerai_Hove=Chenjerai Hove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Salmon=George Salmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Howard,_1st_Earl_of_Nottingham=Charles Howard, I conte di Nottingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gill_(astronomer)=David Gill (astronomo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Carl_Vogel=Hermann Carl Vogel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zachary_Scott=Zachary Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaphet_Kotto=Yaphet Kotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Smith_Dugan=Raymond Smith Dugan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Lichtenstein=Martin Lichtenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Fillion=Nathan Fillion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Boo=Betty Boo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deusdedit_of_Canterbury=Adeodato di Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osthryth=Osthryth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Hamilton_(actress)=Margaret Hamilton (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beornred_of_Mercia=Beornrad di Mercia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Horsfield=Thomas Horsfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Fine=Larry Fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Diamond_(composer)=David Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Brandt=Marianne Brandt (artista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Ginastera=Alberto Ginastera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_von_Bauernfeld=Eduard von Bauernfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Forsythe_(actor)=William Forsythe (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotono_Mitsuishi=Kotono Mitsuishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Waqidi=Al-Waqidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_F._Helin=Eleanor Francis Helin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Ibert=Jacques Ibert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baibars_II=Al-Muzaffar Rukn al-Din Baybars al-Jashankir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Wilhelm_Reinmuth=Karl Wilhelm Reinmuth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eug%C3%A8ne_Joseph_Delporte=Eugène Joseph Delporte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_du_Toit=Daniel du Toit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Gottlieb_Gmelin=Samuel Gottlieb Gmelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Stenton=Frank Stenton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alceo_Dossena=Alceo Dossena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhard_Rohlfs=Gerhard Rohlfs (filologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Ahnert-Rohlfs=Eva Ahnert-Rohlfs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Rohlfs=Christian Rohlfs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Romanov=Stephanie Romanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_S._Burleson=Albert Sidney Burleson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Sweeney_(game_developer)=Tim Sweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Walter_Elst=Eric Walter Elst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_H._Levy=David Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allison_Mack=Allison Mack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Soul=David Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y%C5%8Djir%C5%8D_Takita=Yōjirō Takita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Sayce=Archibald Henry Sayce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_A._Swift=Lewis Swift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panait_Istrati=Panait Istrati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_de_Vico=Francesco de Vico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubo%C5%A1_Kohoutek=Luboš Kohoutek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iban_Mayo=Iban Mayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philibert_Jacques_Melotte=Philibert Jacques Melotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botho_Strau%C3%9F=Botho Strauß
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margherita_Sarfatti=Margherita Sarfatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narcisse-Achille_de_Salvandy=Narcisse-Achille de Salvandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Antoine_Lebrun=Pierre-Antoine Lebrun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Theuriet=André Theuriet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Russell,_6th_Duke_of_Bedford=John Russell, VI duca di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simeon_Bekbulatovich=Simeon Bekbulatovič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Martin_West=Richard Martin West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois-Joachim_de_Pierre_de_Bernis=François-Joachim de Pierre de Bernis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._B._Bury=John Bagnell Bury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne-Denis_Pasquier=Étienne-Denis Pasquier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Jules_Mancini_Mazarini=Luigi Giulio Mancini-Mazarini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Sclater=Philip Lutley Sclater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Mathews=Gregory Mathews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Houghton_Hodgson=Brian Houghton Hodgson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engelbrekt_Engelbrektsson=Engelbrekt Engelbrektsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre-Vincent_Pineux_Duval=Alexandre Duval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olive_Thomas=Olive Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Simon_Ballanche=Pierre-Simon Ballanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliette_R%C3%A9camier=Juliette Récamier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Platonov=Andrej Platonovič Platonov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Englund=Robert Englund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Boddaert=Pieter Boddaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonso_Jackson=Alphonso Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Gatti=Enrico Gatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabih_Berri=Nabih Berri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_Lawrence=Gertrude Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giru_of_Baekje=Giru di Baekje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Dancy=Hugh Dancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sindiwe_Magona=Sindiwe Magona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liisi_Oterma=Liisi Oterma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Lovestone=Jay Lovestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sada_Abe=Sada Abe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Ross=Katharine Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Claude_de_la_Cherois_Crommelin=Andrew Crommelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Hani=Chris Hani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Judge=Christopher Judge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranulph_Fiennes=Ranulph Fiennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Peters=Susan Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Page=Anita Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Dee=Sandra Dee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Jones=Carolyn Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Knorre=Viktor Karlovič Knorre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Bleyer=Archie Bleyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Wyatt=Jane Wyatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Dudley_(explorer)=Robert Dudley, conte di Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Lombard=Louise Lombard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bette_Nesmith_Graham=Bette Nesmith Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Weber_(photographer)=Bruce Weber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Camilleri=Andrea Camilleri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Richardson=Natasha Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Glover=Brian Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Goehr=Walter Goehr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Goehr=Alexander Goehr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elinor_Glyn=Elinor Glyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Joseph_Anastase_Perrotin=Henri Joseph Anastase Perrotin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Howard,_6th_Duke_of_Norfolk=Henry Howard, VI duca di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Fitzalan-Howard,_18th_Duke_of_Norfolk=Edward Fitzalan-Howard, XVIII duca di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Byck=Samuel Byck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Svendsen=Johan Svendsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herta_Oberheuser=Herta Oberheuser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Marth=Albert Marth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Bishop=Rob Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Scott=Tony Scott (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Shimizu=Takashi Shimizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Barnier=Michel Barnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Tietjen=Friedrich Tietjen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Bonnet=Georges Bonnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Robinson_(bishop_of_Woolwich)=John Arthur Thomas Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Kinzer=Stephen Kinzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waris_Dirie=Waris Dirie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avery_Brooks=Avery Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akshay_Kumar=Akshay Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Collins=Jackie Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogus%C5%82aw_Linda=Bogusław Linda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Warburton=Patrick Warburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Gustaf_von_Rosen=Carl Gustav von Rosen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Girtin=Thomas Girtin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_James_Sidis=William James Sidis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Macdonald=Kelly Macdonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liam_Aiken=Liam Aiken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Anastasia=Albert Anastasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Hickson=Joan Hickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigrid_the_Haughty=Sigrid la Superba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Thornburgh=Dick Thornburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Roberts=Austin Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Michel=James Michel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivica_A._Fox=Vivica A. Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Hartlaub=Gustav Hartlaub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Pollas=Christian Pollas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Green=Eva Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Julius_Foerster=Wilhelm Julius Foerster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Koch=Kenneth Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo_Udall=Mo Udall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Stockwell=Dean Stockwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Toch=Ernst Toch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yegor_Gaidar=Egor Timurovič Gajdar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Tergat=Paul Tergat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meldrick_Taylor=Meldrick Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_Portinari=Beatrice Portinari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Emeagwali=Philip Emeagwali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Ladislav_Dussek=Jan Ladislav Dussek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_da_Pian_del_Carpine=Giovanni da Pian del Carpine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Patton=Mel Patton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_Ewell=Barney Ewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Chevalier=Marcel Chevalier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Stewart_Chamberlain=Houston Stewart Chamberlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Ericson=Eric Ericson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Forster=Robert Forster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Paymer=David Paymer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Kinnear=Greg Kinnear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chazz_Palminteri=Chazz Palminteri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Palance=Jack Palance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Davison=Bruce Davison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Hutton=Timothy Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Grey=Joel Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Gossett,_Jr.=Louis Gossett Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Mechner=Jordan Mechner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Bethke=Bruce Bethke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lefty_Gomez=Lefty Gomez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Hughes_(supercentenarian)=Charlotte Hughes (supercentenaria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Roker=Al Roker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Rochberg=George Rochberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shenstone=William Shenstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Bellwood=Pamela Bellwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merv_Griffin=Merv Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_M._Daugherty=Harry Micajah Daugherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Heminges=John Heminges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Condell=Henry Condell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Boston=Rachel Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Dennis=Les Dennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Welwitsch=Friedrich Welwitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Bayer_Sager=Carole Bayer Sager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolph_Lundgren=Dolph Lundgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgil_Fox=Virgil Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_I,_Count_of_Nassau-Dillenburg=Guglielmo I di Nassau-Dillenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Thomas_(actor)=Dave Thomas (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoff_Murphy=Geoff Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stigwood=Robert Stigwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahure=Sahura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Southern=Terry Southern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Henriette_de_Balzac_d'Entragues=Catherine Henriette de Balzac d'Entragues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Redknapp=Louise Redknapp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Daney=Serge Daney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Varsi=Diane Varsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathy_Burke=Kathy Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Arquette=David Arquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Lamantia=Philip Lamantia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Van_Der_Beek=James Van Der Beek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_de_Pisseleu_d'Heilly=Anne de Pisseleu d'Heilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Mosley=Walter Mosley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._D._Spradlin=G.D. Spradlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuru_Matsui=Mitsuru Matsui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lombard=Pietro Lombardo (teologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_McKenna=Reginald McKenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Baring,_1st_Baron_Northbrook=Francis Baring, I barone Northbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houko_Kuwashima=Hōko Kuwashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kappei_Yamaguchi=Kappei Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Hidaka=Noriko Hidaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Hoare,_1st_Viscount_Templewood=Samuel Hoare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richey_Edwards=Richey Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Arcadelt=Jacques Arcadelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mackenzie=Thomas MacKenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Janszoon=Willem Janszoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephan_Eberharter=Stephan Eberharter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuteru_Yokoyama=Mitsuteru Yokoyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Janssen=Jules Janssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Hillman=Harry Hillman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin_Pajou=Augustin Pajou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Isabey=Jean-Baptiste Isabey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogata_K%C5%8Drin=Ogata Kōrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Paul_Landon=Charles Paul Landon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_de_Bonchamps=Charles Melchior Artus de Bonchamps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cathelineau=Jacques Cathelineau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonid_Stadnyk=Leonid Ivanovyč Stadnyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damdin_S%C3%BCkhbaatar=Damdiny Sùchbaatar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Henson=Matthew Henson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McAfee=John McAfee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadako_Sasaki=Sadako Sasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakes_Mokae=Zakes Mokae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert,_4th_duc_de_Broglie=Albert de Broglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eysteinn=Eysteinn (re)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Nielsen_(mathematician)=Jakob Nielsen (matematico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingvar=Ingvarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Christian_Friedrich_Krause=Karl Krause
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Stettinius,_Jr.=Edward Stettinius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Baring,_1st_Earl_of_Northbrook=Thomas Baring, I conte di Northbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Fuchs_(artist)=Ernst Fuchs (artista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Olney=Richard Olney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Q._Gresham=Walter Quintin Gresham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_M._Evarts=William Maxwell Evarts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_the_Poitevin=Ruggero di Montgommery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_L._Marcy=William L. Marcy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Mortensen=Christian Mortensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_P._Upshur=Abel Parker Upshur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Andrews=Edward Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Pearce=Alice Pearce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Dolby=Ray Dolby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_George_Hamilton=George Francis Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_de_Grey,_2nd_Earl_de_Grey=Thomas de Grey, II conte de Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hamilton,_9th_Earl_of_Haddington=Thomas Hamilton, IX conte di Haddington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_of_Montgomery,_2nd_Earl_of_Shrewsbury=Ugo di Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Woodville,_3rd_Earl_Rivers=Richard Woodville, III conte Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imogene_Coca=Imogene Coca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Spencer,_2nd_Earl_Spencer=George Spencer, II conte Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fane,_10th_Earl_of_Westmorland=John Fane, X conte di Westmorland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Jenkinson,_1st_Earl_of_Liverpool=Charles Jenkinson, I conte di Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucie_Arnaz=Lucie Arnaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Chernyakhovsky=Ivan Danilovič Černjachovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pia_Zadora=Pia Zadora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyndham_Halswelle=Wyndham Halswelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_I_de_Montmorency=Enrico I di Montmorency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_II_de_Montmorency=Enrico II di Montmorency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Fairchild=Morgan Fairchild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Bubka=Serhij Bubka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Held=Anna Held
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marita_Koch=Marita Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shammi_Kapoor=Shammi Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bjarte_Flem=Bjarte Flem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Williams=Archie Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Webb=Mary Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Burkert=Walter Burkert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Hathaway=Anne Hathaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bluth=Don Bluth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tegla_Loroupe=Tegla Loroupe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostino_Steffani=Agostino Steffani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Milner,_1st_Viscount_Milner=Alfred Milner, I visconte Milner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Okayo=Margaret Okayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butrus_al-Bustani=Butrus al-Bustani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Thomas_Stead=William Thomas Stead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Vizbor=Jurij Iosifovič Vizbor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Sorescu=Marin Sorescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_of_Bell%C3%AAme,_3rd_Earl_of_Shrewsbury=Roberto II di Bellême
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Shuttleworth=Mark Shuttleworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Emilio_Bonferroni=Carlo Emilio Bonferroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Todd_(equestrian)=Mark Todd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Matheson=Hans Matheson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Owens=Gary Owens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Cornelius=Don Cornelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Churchill_(satirist)=Charles Churchill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anund=Anund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Friml=Rudolf Friml
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Southerne=Thomas Southerne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Donen=Stanley Donen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholle_Tom=Nicholle Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Davis=Daniel Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Bautista_Pomar=Juan Bautista Pomar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Head=Patrick Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Nitze=Paul Henry Nitze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Guadalupe_Posada=José Guadalupe Posada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_John_North=Alfred John North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Smith_(zoologist)=Andrew Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayer_Amschel_Rothschild=Mayer Amschel Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Loisy=Alfred Loisy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Joseph_Vogler=Georg Joseph Vogler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Alfieri=Vittorio Alfieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Chalopin=Jean Chalopin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_N._Gallo=Joseph N. Gallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dzundza=George Dzundza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Patric=Jason Patric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Bauer=Steven Bauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Yost=David Yost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Bishop=Joey Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_al-Muqaffa'=ʿAbd Allāh ibn al-Muqaffaʿ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severus_Ibn_al-Muqaffa%CA%BF=Severus Ibn al-Muqaffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaitbay=Qaytbay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Perceval,_2nd_Earl_of_Egmont=John Perceval, II conte di Egmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Vanier=Jean Vanier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Nouwen=Henri Nouwen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Finsch=Otto Finsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cadogan,_5th_Earl_Cadogan=George Cadogan, V conte Cadogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Dundas,_1st_Marquess_of_Zetland=Lawrence Dundas, I marchese di Zetland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hamilton,_1st_Duke_of_Abercorn=James Hamilton (politico 1811)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dustin_Diamond=Dustin Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Eliot,_3rd_Earl_of_St_Germans=Edward Eliot, III conte di St. Germans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marguerite_de_Launay,_baronne_de_Staal=Madame de Staal-Delaunay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Southcott=Joanna Southcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Crompton=Samuel Crompton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tippu_Tip=Tippu Tip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_ibn_Muhammad_ibn_Kath%C4%ABr_al-Fargh%C4%81n%C4%AB=Ahmad ibn Muhammad ibn Kathir al-Farghani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Christoph_Dies=Albert Christoph Dies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingjald=Ingjald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivar_Vidfamne=Ivar Vidfamne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Cailli%C3%A9=René Caillié
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Albrecht=Karl Albrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Shvernik=Nikolaj Michajlovič Švernik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xunzi=Xunzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Han_Fei=Han Fei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alisen_Down=Alisen Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Coco=James Coco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holger_Crafoord=Holger Crafoord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Tudyk=Alan Tudyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Armstrong_(comedian)=Alexander Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horst_Dassler=Horst Dassler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriella_Ferri=Gabriella Ferri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Schelsky=Helmut Schelsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riley_Keough=Riley Keough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Tomlinson=David Tomlinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Russell=Jane Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikl%C3%B3s_R%C3%B3zsa=Miklós Rózsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Burnett=Leo Burnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gaudichaud-Beaupr%C3%A9=Charles Gaudichaud-Beaupré
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_Carrier=Willis Haviland Carrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Hytner=Nicholas Hytner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thuy_Trang=Thuy Trang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Tikhonov=Nikolaj Aleksandrovič Tichonov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Ryzhkov=Nikolaj Ivanovič Ryžkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Userkare=Userkara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lawrence,_1st_Baron_Lawrence=John Lawrence, I barone Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Thesiger,_1st_Viscount_Chelmsford=Frederic Thesiger, I visconte Chelmsford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Lopez=Mario López
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Lee=Alvin Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Keene_(actor)=Tom Keene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Wessely=Paula Wessely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Gray=Eileen Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.-H._Rosny_a%C3%AEn%C3%A9=J. H. Rosny aîné
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Peter_Hebel=Johann Peter Hebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scipione_Ammirato=Scipione Ammirato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_Bauhin=Gaspard Bauhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abigail_Johnson=Abigail Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_von_Kittlitz=Friedrich Heinrich von Kittlitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Naumann=Johann Friedrich Naumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges-Jean_Arnaud=Georges-Jean Arnaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Wild_(Swiss_astronomer)=Paul Wild (astronomo svizzero)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Conrad=William Conrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Kidd=Michael Kidd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Thiel=Peter Thiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher_Christian=Fletcher Christian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Newbold_Lawrence=George Newbold Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Caspar_Ferdinand_Fischer=Johann Caspar Ferdinand Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Schneiderhan_(violinist)=Wolfgang Schneiderhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Waxman=Franz Waxman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aesara=Esara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakuntala_Devi=Shakuntala Devi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_McDonald_(director)=Bruce McDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fuchs=Robert Fuchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Livius_Drusus_(consul)=Marco Livio Druso (console 112 a.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_George_Barlow,_1st_Baronet=George Barlow, I baronetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Thicke=Alan Thicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Rawdon-Hastings,_1st_Marquess_of_Hastings=Francis Rawdon-Hastings, I marchese di Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_William_Bentinck=William Bentinck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attila_H%C3%B6rbiger=Attila Hörbiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfredo_Tafuri=Manfredo Tafuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnobius=Arnobio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Barjavel=René Barjavel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Kirkpatrick=Ralph Kirkpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Molina=Alfred Molina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Kooper=Al Kooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osvaldo_Soriano=Osvaldo Soriano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvius_Tryphon=Salvio (ribelle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Freudenthal=Hans Freudenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Morris_Hunt=Richard Morris Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cecil,_1st_Earl_of_Exeter=Thomas Cecil, I conte di Exeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Schlegel=Hermann Schlegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Michel=Louis Michel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Mulvey=Laura Mulvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qin_Jiushao=Qin Jiushao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Chu=Ken Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Fortescue,_2nd_Earl_Fortescue=Hugh Fortescue, II conte di Fortescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Percy,_3rd_Duke_of_Northumberland=Hugh Percy, III duca di Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunho=Yunho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigrid_Thornton=Sigrid Thornton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_de_Sahag%C3%BAn=Bernardino de Sahagún
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Zeani=Virginia Zeani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajinikanth=Rajinikanth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezra_Sims=Ezra Sims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Shepard_(minister)=Thomas Shepard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_I_Sanudo=Marco I Sanudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svetlana_Masterkova=Svetlana Masterkova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Weigl=Rudolf Weigl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Brussolo=Serge Brussolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Wille_Kuusinen=Otto Wille Kuusinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reza_Pahlavi=Reza Ciro Pahlavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrus_de_Dacia_(Swedish_monk)=Pietro di Dacia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Grubbs=David Grubbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Cedras=Tony Cedras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lydia_Lopokova=Lidija Vasil'evna Lopuchova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Fran%C3%A7ois_de_la_Barre=Chevalier de La Barre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Warden=Jack Warden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rubin=Robert Rubin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavio_Briatore=Flavio Briatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Huelsenbeck=Richard Huelsenbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_D._Wilbur=Curtis Dwight Wilbur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_LaMarche=Maurice LaMarche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Chandler_(boxer)=Jeff Chandler (pugile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Plantard=Pierre Plantard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Kennedy=George Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Theodor_Dreyer=Carl Theodor Dreyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V%C3%A9ronique_Tadjo=Véronique Tadjo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gito_Baloi=Gito Baloi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montserrat_Caball%C3%A9=Montserrat Caballé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Pizzey=Erin Pizzey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Lindsey=Steven Lindsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Stark_Smith=Nancy Stark Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Neeleman=David Neeleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisho_Kurokawa=Kishō Kurokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Smith_(sea_captain)=Edward Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Walton=Helen Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Russell_Bennett=Robert Russell Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mika_Kaurism%C3%A4ki=Mika Kaurismäki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zico=Zico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallika_Sherawat=Mallika Sherawat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abhishek_Bachchan=Abhishek Bachchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_Aoki=Devon Aoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W%C5%82adys%C5%82aw_Taczanowski=Władysław Taczanowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmaduke_Tunstall=Marmaduke Tunstall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Bowes-Lyon,_14th_Earl_of_Strathmore_and_Kinghorne=Claude Bowes-Lyon, XIV conte di Strathmore e Kinghorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Buyoya=Pierre Buyoya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haile_Gebrselassie=Haile Gebrselassie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abedi_Pele=Abedi Pelé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andriy_Shevchenko=Andrij Ševčenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Marchesi=Luigi Marchesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Widmark=Richard Widmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_T._A._Innes=Robert Innes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Louis_Emil_Dreyer=John Dreyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armin_Otto_Leuschner=Armin Otto Leuschner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandizo_Munis=Grandizo Munis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamelin_de_Warenne,_Earl_of_Surrey=Hamelin de Warenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baccio_Pontelli=Baccio Pontelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Murphy=Charlie Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Backlund=Oskar Backlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuhayr=Zuhayr ibn Abī Sulmā
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fusajiro_Yamauchi=Yamauchi Fusajirō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pam_Ferris=Pam Ferris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier_Martinez=Olivier Martinez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joi_Ito=Jōichi Itō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issai_Schur=Issai Schur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_du_Ryer=Pierre du Ryer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Ludwig_Brehm=Christian Ludwig Brehm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Tarter=Jill Tarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Ponsard=François Ponsard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Shand_Kydd=Frances Shand Kydd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F%C3%A9lix_%C3%89douard_Gu%C3%A9rin-M%C3%A9neville=Félix Édouard Guérin-Méneville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Sandeau=Jules Sandeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_von_List=Guido von List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Joseph_Pothier=Robert Joseph Pothier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Fran%C3%A7ois_d'Aguesseau=Henri François d'Aguesseau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Domat=Jean Domat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Wedekind=Frank Wedekind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octave_Feuillet=Octave Feuillet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Meilhac=Henri Meilhac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salo_Flohr=Salo Flohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Hendry=Stephen Hendry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludovic_Hal%C3%A9vy=Ludovic Halévy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Cavalier=Jean Cavalier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Fran%C3%A7ois,_duc_de_Boufflers=Louis François de Boufflers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aonio_Paleario=Aonio Paleario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmuth_Rilling=Helmuth Rilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Claude_Nivelle_de_La_Chauss%C3%A9e=Pierre-Claude Nivelle de La Chaussée
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel-Jean_Sedaine=Michel-Jean Sedaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Kipketer=Wilson Kipketer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiberius_Claudius_Cogidubnus=Cogidubno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McTiernan=John McTiernan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claes-Ingvar_Lagerkvist=Claes-Ingvar Lagerkvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schelte_J._Bus=Schelte John Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Zille=Heinrich Zille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Krenek=Ernst Křenek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._M._Antoniadi=Eugène Michel Antoniadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Philip_Creutz=Gustav Philip Creutz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvain_Arend=Sylvain Julien Victor Arend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Bl%C3%BCcher=Heinrich Blücher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinda_Clarke=Melinda Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Gehlen=Arnold Gehlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Belyavsky=Sergej Ivanovič Beljavskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dianne_Wiest=Dianne Wiest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Penn=Leo Penn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulo_Freire=Paulo Freire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Robert_Brooks=William Robert Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherburne_Wesley_Burnham=Sherburne Wesley Burnham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minh_Thai=Minh Thai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Est%C3%A9e_Lauder_(businesswoman)=Estée Lauder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_McCrone=Walter McCrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Carnera=Luigi Carnera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Asquith=Anthony Asquith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Serpico=Frank Serpico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_M._Berrien=John MacPherson Berrien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Dach=Simon Dach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_King_(comedian)=Alan King (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Yangming=Wang Shouren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicomachus=Nicomaco di Gerasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_George_Gordon=Lord George Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Day=Alice Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Chernykh=Nikolaj Stepanovič Černych
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyudmila_Chernykh=Ljudmila Ivanovna Černych
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciarra_Colonna=Giacomo Sciarra Colonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irena_Sendler=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Goldstone=Richard J. Goldstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Union=Gabrielle Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Virilio=Paul Virilio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hass=Hans Hass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louie_Anderson=Louie Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Seitz=Karl Seitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Will=George Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_J._Weinberger=Peter Weinberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Bolton=Guy Bolton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Palach=Jan Palach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Gessler=Otto Geßler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Maura=Antonio Maura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiranjeevi=Chiranjeevi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paavo_Berglund=Paavo Berglund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margot_Fonteyn=Margot Fonteyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollodorus_of_Athens=Apollodoro di Atene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunil_Dutt=Sunil Dutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Histiaeus=Istieo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ndabaningi_Sithole=Ndabaningi Sithole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thenmozhi_Rajaratnam=Thenmuli Rajaratnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Devane=William Devane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxana_Zal=Roxana Zal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukas_Haas=Lukas Haas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilia_Skala=Lilia Skala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lhuyd=Edward Lhuyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Ames=Leon Ames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Coppola_Schwartzman=Robert Schwartzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Roussel=Albert Roussel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaija_Saariaho=Kaija Saariaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Millett=Kate Millett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_de_Warenne,_6th_Earl_of_Surrey=Giovanni de Warenne, VI conte di Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riccardo_Chailly=Riccardo Chailly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Zinman=David Zinman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_St._Clair=Margaret St. Clair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Candamo=Manuel Candamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bubl%C3%A9=Michael Bublé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Maxwell_MacDonald=Claude Maxwell MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Yuzhe=Zhang Yuzhe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelageya_Shajn=Pelageja Fëdorovna Šajn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Giffard=Henri Giffard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Cabanis=Jean Louis Cabanis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_and_Jennifer_Gibbons=June e Jennifer Gibbons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiro_Taniguchi=Jirō Taniguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Healy_(psychiatrist)=David Healy (psichiatra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Men%C3%A9ndez_de_Avil%C3%A9s=Pedro Menéndez de Avilés
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Goulaine_de_Laudonni%C3%A8re=René Goulaine de Laudonnière
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Collins=Pauline Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Nygard=Roger Nygard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_von_Brockdorff-Rantzau=Ulrich von Brockdorff-Rantzau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avi_Arad=Avi Arad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phylicia_Rash%C4%81d=Phylicia Rashād
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Thring=Frank Thring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hristo_Shopov=Hristo Šopov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Wilhelm_von_Struve=Otto Wilhelm von Struve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Daniels=Anthony Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Henson=Brian Henson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumer_Godden=Rumer Godden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivo_Van_Damme=Ivo Van Damme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Giacobini=Michel Giacobini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arend_Friedrich_August_Wiegmann=Arend Friedrich August Wiegmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Abakumov=Viktor Semënovič Abakumov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Duranty=Walter Duranty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thom_Gunn=Thom Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Albert_Vasa=Giovanni Alberto Vasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Charles_Vasa=Alessandro Carlo Vasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Cox_(actor)=Brian Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Simonon=Paul Simonon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Van_Helden=Armand Van Helden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Witt=Alicia Witt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamash-shum-ukin=Shamash-shum-ukin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayuki_Uemura=Masayuki Uemura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Feguer=Victor Feguer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Ritt=Martin Ritt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guo_Moruo=Guō Mòruò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bainbridge_Colby=Bainbridge Colby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristiano_Ronaldo=Cristiano Ronaldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_ben_Moses_ben_Asher=Aaron ben Moses ben Asher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Xaver_S%C3%BCssmayr=Franz Xaver Süßmayr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Perle=George Perle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Platt=Oliver Platt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldric=Waldric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Charlier=Carl Charlier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C4%BDubor_Kres%C3%A1k=Ľubor Kresák
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Hirsch=Samuel Hirsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Gould=Elliott Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Guillaume=Robert Guillaume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Debehogne=Henri Debehogne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyudmila_Karachkina=Ljudmyla Heorhiїvna Karačkina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Simmons=Russell Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Hill=Geoffrey Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrike_Meyfarth=Ulrike Meyfarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Snow=Edgar Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandr_Danilovich_Menshikov=Aleksandr Danilovič Menšikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Uys=Jamie Uys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas-Claude_Fabri_de_Peiresc=Nicolas-Claude Fabri de Peiresc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_L._G._Bowell=Edward L. G. Bowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Peltier=Leslie Copus Peltier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radha_Mitchell=Radha Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_L._Giclas=Henry Lee Giclas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_A._Skiff=Brian A. Skiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Gehrels=Tom Gehrels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostino_Carlini=Agostino Carlini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machi_Tawara=Tawara Machi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Berkeley_Cox=Anthony Berkeley Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Millar=Miles Millar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Gough=Alfred Gough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Koepp=David Koepp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Albitsky=Vladimir Aleksandrovič Al'bickij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Oyono=Ferdinand Oyono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_Lindberg=Magnus Lindberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Constantine=Kevin Constantine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvius_Leopold_Weiss=Sylvius Leopold Weiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_le_Roy_de_Gomberville=Marin Le Roy de Gomberville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Drucker=Michel Drucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emiko_Shiratori=Emiko Shiratori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_FitzGilbert=William FitzGilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leisha_Hailey=Leisha Hailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernestine_Schumann-Heink=Ernestine Schumann-Heink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juba_I_of_Numidia=Giuba I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacedaemonius=Lacedemonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Len_Cariou=Len Cariou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Rice=Sarah Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Lanza=Mario Lanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Ruck=Alan Ruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolando_Blackman=Rolando Blackman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Barty=Billy Barty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engelbert,_Count_of_Nevers=Engilberto di Nevers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_M._Clayton=John Middleton Clayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_S._Black=Jeremiah S. Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bacon=Robert Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_I,_Duke_of_W%C3%BCrttemberg=Federico I, duca del Württemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Cole=Paula Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dumont_de_Sainte-Croix=Charles Dumont de Sainte Croix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Fischler=Franz Fischler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_d'Arrigo=Angelo d'Arrigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salomon_Morel=Salomon Morel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsukasa_Hojo=Tsukasa Hōjō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Grunberg=Greg Grunberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_de_Grigny=Nicolas de Grigny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Keith_Kellogg=Will Keith Kellogg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Aylward_Vigors=Nicholas Aylward Vigors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herv%C3%A9_Faye=Hervé Faye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiang_of_Xia=Xia Xiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juventino_Rosas=Juventino Rosas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet_Mills=Juliet Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_Caulfield=Maxwell Caulfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Gay=Maria Gay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_R._Day=William Rufus Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitomi_Kanehara=Hitomi Kanehara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_W._Foster=John Watson Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Horgan=Paul Horgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Zenatello=Giovanni Zenatello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Jackson=Victoria Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosima_Wagner=Cosima Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Cottenot=Pablo Cottenot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Valz=Benjamin Valz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernand_Rigaux=Fernand Rigaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Goudimel=Claude Goudimel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vesto_Slipher=Vesto Slipher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saul_Zaentz=Saul Zaentz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Borsellino=Paolo Borsellino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Alberto_Dalla_Chiesa=Carlo Alberto dalla Chiesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnaldo_Forlani=Arnaldo Forlani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Copeland=Lillian Copeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_Saint-Macary=Xavier Saint-Macary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Doumic=René Doumic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kornel_Ujejski=Kornel Ujejski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Louis_Laya=Jean-Louis Laya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassiba_Boulmerka=Hassiba Boulmerka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Girardin=Saint-Marc Girardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Riccardo di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Oddone di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Gilberto di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_the_Black=Ugo il Nero di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_I,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Enrico I di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto-William,_Count_of_Burgundy=Ottone I Guglielmo di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_I,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Roberto I di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_I,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Ugo I di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo_I,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Oddone I di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo_II,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Oddone II di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_III,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Ugo III di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_II,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Ugo II di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo_III,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Oddone III di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_II,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Roberto II di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo,_Count_of_Nevers=Oddone di Borgogna, conte di Nevers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_IV,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Ugo IV di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_V,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Ugo V di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo_IV,_Duke_of_Burgundy=Oddone IV di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaan_van_Roomen=Adriaan van Roomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Albanese=Giacomo Albanese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_Bertrand=Xavier Bertrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Pigalle=Jean-Baptiste Pigalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_d'%C3%89pinay=Louise d'Épinay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Oliver_Curwood=James Oliver Curwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rutter=John Rutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Wells_(intelligent_design_advocate)=Jonathan Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Mazurkiewicz=Stefan Mazurkiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nominoe=Nominoë
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Meadows=Tim Meadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Frederick_Denning=William Frederick Denning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Sp%C3%B6rer=Friederich Wilhelm Gustav Spörer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Nozipo_Maraire=Nozipo Maraire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Gui=Bernardo Gui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Lederer=Francis Lederer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_August_Rosenberger=Otto August Rosenberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Slim=Carlos Slim Helú
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl-August_Fagerholm=Karl-August Fagerholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Boyer_(astronomer)=Louis Boyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahavatar_Babaji=Babaji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Verdelot=Philippe Verdelot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Krause=Peter Krause
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamie_Van_Doren=Mamie Van Doren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_August_Theodor_Winnecke=Friedrich August Theodor Winnecke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_William_Webb=Thomas William Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Hadwiger=Hugo Hadwiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Daozi=Wu Daozi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acusilaus=Acusilao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marek_Belka=Marek Belka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_al-Qasim_Muhammad_ibn_Abbad=Abu al-Qasim Muhammad ibn Abbad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbad_II_al-Mu'tadid=Abbad II al-Mu'tadid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Mu'tamid_ibn_Abbad=Muhammad al-Muʿtamid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Brydon=Rob Brydon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Abbe=Cleveland Abbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Eugene_Abbey=Henry Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenda_Fricker=Brenda Fricker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Maury=Alain Maury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_de_Moulins=Roger de Moulins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Mueller=Jean Mueller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Brorsen=Theodor Brorsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costanzo_Festa=Costanzo Festa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pang_De=Pang De
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaoru_Ikeya=Kaoru Ikeya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzio_Sforza=Giacomo Attendolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsutomu_Seki=Tsutomu Seki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoru_Honda=Minoru Honda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takao_Kobayashi=Takao Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_D._Hoch=Edward D. Hoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lennox,_1st_Duke_of_Richmond=Charles Lennox, I duca di Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Neeley=Ted Neeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasus_of_Hermione=Laso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Gombert=Nicolas Gombert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Pierson_Ramsay=Edward Pierson Ramsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed_Hastings=Reed Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Kerr_(writer)=Robert Kerr (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Le_Gentil=Guillaume Le Gentil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Murray=Gordon Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Marie_de_La_R%C3%A9velli%C3%A8re-L%C3%A9peaux=Louis-Marie de La Révellière-Lépeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel-Armand_de_Richelieu,_duc_d'Aiguillon=Emmanuel Armand de Vignerot du Plessis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Nicolas_Charles_Augustin_de_Maupeou=René Nicolas de Maupeou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christophe_de_Beaumont=Christophe de Beaumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Arthur,_comte_de_Lally=Thomas Arthur de Lally-Tollendal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_N%C3%A9ricault_Destouches=Philippe Néricault Destouches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_O.=Bertha Pappenheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdullah_G%C3%BCl=Abdullah Gül
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Tristan,_marquis_de_Montholon=Carlo Tristano di Montholon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel,_comte_de_Las_Cases=Emmanuel de Las Cases
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Lowe=Hudson Lowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli%C5%A1ka_Junkov%C3%A1=Eliška Junková
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erispoe=Erispoë
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurvand=Gurvant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascweten=Pascweten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salomon,_King_of_Brittany=Salomone di Bretagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judicael,_Duke_of_Brittany=Judicael di Rennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_II,_Duke_of_Brittany=Alano II di Bretagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_I,_King_of_Brittany=Alano I di Bretagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavia_Bujor=Flavia Bujor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_II,_Duke_of_Brittany=Conan II di Bretagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_III,_Duke_of_Brittany=Conan III di Bretagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_C._Booth=Wayne C. Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Knatchbull,_2nd_Countess_Mountbatten_of_Burma=Patricia Mountbatten, II contessa Mountbatten di Birmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Kightlinger=Laura Kightlinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleazar_of_Worms=Eleazaro di Worms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_Morris=Kathryn Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mani_(prophet)=Mani (teologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_L._Greenstein=Jesse Leonard Greenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_L._Francione=Gary Lawrence Francione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Clavius=Cristoforo Clavio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Winstone=Ray Winstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_du_Vergier_de_Hauranne=Jean Duvergier de Hauranne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Rossetti=Gabriele Rossetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjay_Gupta=Sanjay Gupta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Waters=John Waters (regista 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Buchanan-Hamilton=Francis Buchanan-Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Bleeker=Pieter Bleeker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Vilhelm_Kaalund=Hans Vilhelm Kaalund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Thiele_(zoologist)=Johannes Thiele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_Machado=Bernardino Machado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Morrison_MacIver=Robert Morrison MacIver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Michael_Moser=Georg-Michael Moser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Whitaker=Forest Whitaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steele_MacKaye=Steele MacKaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_MacKaye=Percy MacKaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Mackenzie_(composer)=Alexander Campbell Mackenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Robinson=Bruce Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compton_Mackenzie=Compton Mackenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_I,_Countess_of_Flanders=Margherita I di Fiandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Primrose,_Countess_of_Rosebery=Hannah de Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Chun=Carl Chun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hastings,_4th_Earl_of_Huntingdon=George Hastings, IV conte di Huntingdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Puch=Johann Puch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Howe_(theologian)=John Howe (teologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Gilyard=Clarence Gilyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Deeley=Cat Deeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Whelchel=Lisa Whelchel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Shroyer=Sonny Shroyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Kiel=Richard Kiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_Cooper=Anderson Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Warner=Sam Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Chiles=Lois Chiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_D._Babcock=Harold Delos Babcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Lucas=Wilfred Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Barkin=Ellen Barkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_Allais=Alphonse Allais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Darwin=Emma Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayer_Amschel_de_Rothschild=Mayer Amschel de Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tayseer_Allouni=Tayseer Allouni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Sessions=Roger Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Walker_(natural_historian)=John Walker (naturalista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christa_Miller=Christa Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Wayne=Ronald Wayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Spies=August Spies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Sl%C3%A1nsk%C3%BD=Rudolf Slánský
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artur_London=Artur London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_of_Dinant=David di Dinant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Stejneger=Leonhard Hess Stejneger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Foot,_Baron_Caradon=Hugh Foot, barone Caradon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Darwin=Horace Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Chalmers=Judith Chalmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bates_(historian)=David Bates (storico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Ramsay=Gordon Ramsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treniota=Treniota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Caslon=William Caslon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Lagardelle=Hubert Lagardelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Hart=Emily Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fagles=Robert Fagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Rodney_Bennett=Richard Rodney Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_of_Thouars=Guido di Thouars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Seifert=Herbert Seifert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Moore_(actor)=Tom Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Kanner=Leo Kanner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Moore_(actor)=Matt Moore (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Moore=Owen Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Luther_Adams=John Luther Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cael_Sanderson=Cael Sanderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Caterino_Davila=Arrigo Caterino Davila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Alten=Charles Alten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Silverstein=Larry Silverstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Decker=Mary Decker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Riggs_Popham=Home Riggs Popham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaros%C5%82aw_Kaczy%C5%84ski=Jarosław Kaczyński
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marek_Borowski=Marek Borowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lech_Kaczy%C5%84ski=Lech Kaczyński
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eumenes=Eumene di Cardia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Belolo=Henri Belolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Lien=Jennifer Lien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adalberon_(bishop_of_Laon)=Adalberone di Laon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lothair_of_France=Lotario IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harald_Bohr=Harald Bohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Adie=Kate Adie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_McShane=Ian McShane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hrafn_Gunnlaugsson=Hrafn Gunnlaugsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Durning=Charles Durning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_S._Sheppard=Scott S. Sheppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toriyama_Sekien=Toriyama Sekien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Bergman=Marilyn Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Gisors=Jean de Gisors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_de_Gisors=Guillaume de Gisors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_I,_Count_of_Bar=Edoardo I di Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_de_Mestral=Georges de Mestral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_de_Man=Henri de Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alceste_De_Ambris=Alceste de Ambris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_Henriksen=Lance Henriksen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedediah_Strutt=Jedediah Strutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_IV_of_Toron=Umfredo IV di Toron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Arquette=Alexis Arquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_F._Smith=Joseph Fielding Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Wei=Dian Wei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Drouet,_Comte_d'Erlon=Jean-Baptiste Drouet d'Erlon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Cornelius_Dolabella_(consul_10)=Publio Cornelio Dolabella (console 10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Roxburgh=Richard Roxburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sedgwick=John Sedgwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_Milne-Edwards=Alphonse Milne-Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Jerzy_Czartoryski=Adam Jerzy Czartoryski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Hearne=Samuel Hearne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Sowerby=James Sowerby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_De_Carle_Sowerby=James De Carle Sowerby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Brettingham_Sowerby_III=George Brettingham Sowerby III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Panunzio=Sergio Panunzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Labriola=Arturo Labriola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Preston=Richard Preston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raoul_Walsh=Raoul Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_von_M%C3%BCnchhausen=Otto von Münchhausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Wyschnegradsky=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alois_H%C3%A1ba=Alois Hába
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Cornu=Paul Cornu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Key=Alexander Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Ruby=Harry Ruby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lila_Kedrova=Lila Kedrova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Brodie-Sangster=Thomas Brodie-Sangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reccared_I=Recaredo I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Napier_(actor)=Charles Napier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vic_Morrow=Vic Morrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobengula=Lobengula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacy_Mo%C5%9Bcicki=Ignacy Mościcki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Elsschot=Willem Elsschot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Sparks=Hal Sparks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand,_duc_d'Aiguillon=Armand-Désiré d'Aiguillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Wagler=Johann Georg Wagler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Buffarini_Guidi=Guido Buffarini Guidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salim_Joubran=Salim Joubran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szymon_Askenazy=Szymon Askenazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Richard_Hoare,_2nd_Baronet=Richard Colt Hoare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asa_Griggs_Candler=Asa Griggs Candler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Yu_(author)=Lǐ Yú
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Lebed=Jonathan Lebed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reni_Jusis=Reni Jusis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Johnson_(writer)=Stanley Johnson (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_II_of_Toron=Umfredo II di Toron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthelf_Fischer_von_Waldheim=Johann Fischer von Waldheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Warenne,_2nd_Earl_of_Surrey=Guglielmo di Warenne, II conte di Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Warenne,_5th_Earl_of_Surrey=Guglielmo di Warenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ole_Nydahl=Ole Nydahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Warenne,_1st_Earl_of_Surrey=Guglielmo I di Warenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Hughes=Karen Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Ward=Burt Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_Harman=Sabrina Harman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moores_(British_businessman)=John Moores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Rennie_(engineer)=George Rennie (ingegnere)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Bemer=Bob Bemer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beth_Broderick=Beth Broderick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Poston=Tom Poston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Finneran=Katie Finneran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Keith=Brian Keith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._J._Cook=A. J. Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Madsen=Michael Madsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Friedrich_Wilhelm_Klinkerfues=Ernst Friedrich Wilhelm Klinkerfues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikunae_Ikeda=Kikunae Ikeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakichi_Toyoda=Toyoda Sakichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Galland=Antoine Galland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Lenormant=François Lenormant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Antoine_Letronne=Antoine Jean Letronne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ernest_Beul%C3%A9=Charles Ernest Beulé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Jefferson=Martha Wayles Skelton Jefferson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Jackson=Rachel Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Martin_Schleyer=Johann Martin Schleyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Mantegazza=Paolo Mantegazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Shabazz=Betty Shabazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._G._Westphal=Justus Georg Westphal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Ford=Glenn Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Hartley=Bob Hartley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Kluge=Alexander Kluge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusto_C%C3%A9sar_Sandino=Augusto César Sandino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Mathers=Jerry Mathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Heller=Stephen Heller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%BCnther_Jauch=Günther Jauch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Zimmer=Kim Zimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irna_Phillips=Irna Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlene_Tilton=Charlene Tilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Mascolo=Joseph Mascolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Rogers=Suzanne Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Pinkney=William Pinkney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erling_Persson=Erling Persson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_van_den_Broek=Hans van den Broek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Strominger=Andrew Strominger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volker_Beck_(politician)=Volker Beck (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Seiberg=Nathan Seiberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bat_Masterson=Bat Masterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Nixon=Agnes Nixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reverdy_Johnson=Reverdy Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Lucci=Susan Lucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher_Stevens=Fisher Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_S._Davis=Don S. Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Xiake=Xu Xiake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrell_Smith=Burrell Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Israel_Hayes=Isaac Israel Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Devens=Charles Devens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Ki-duk=Kim Ki-duk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Oncken_Lovejoy=Arthur Oncken Lovejoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Maddin=Guy Maddin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Isserlis=Steven Isserlis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genndy_Tartakovsky=Dženndi Tartakovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaby_Roslin=Gaby Roslin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Tylor=Theodore Tylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Morrissey=David Morrissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Ainley=Anthony Ainley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler_Labine=Tyler Labine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_Labine=Kyle Labine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingram_Marshall=Ingram Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_von_Sebottendorf=Rudolf von Sebottendorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Charles_Bouvet_de_Lozier=Jean Baptiste Charles Bouvet de Lozier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Frain=James Frain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Chernev=Irving Chernev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Wallace=Mike Wallace (giornalista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_McCall=Jack McCall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_van_Outen=Denise van Outen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Wils=Jan Wils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Clarke=Ron Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Poiret=Paul Poiret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohumil_Mathesius=Bohumil Mathesius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vil%C3%A9m_Mathesius=Vilem Mathesius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Vasmer=Max Vasmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_Phaulkon=Constantine Phaulkon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Anne_Porter=Katherine Anne Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dane_Rudhyar=Dane Rudhyar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Werner_Henze=Hans Werner Henze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Stone=Irving Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_V._Gerstner,_Jr.=Louis Gerstner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Van_Horn=Keith Van Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Dewaere=Patrick Dewaere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Ad%C3%A8s=Thomas Adès
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_P._Romulo=Carlos P. Rómulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arletty=Arletty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Matth%C3%A4us_Bechstein=Johann Matthäus Bechstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Bechstein=Ludwig Bechstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Bonomi=Carlo Bonomi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terpander=Terpandro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Hartert=Ernst Hartert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hay,_9th_Marquess_of_Tweeddale=Arthur Hay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_von_Schrenck=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Middendorff=Alexander von Middendorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Avellone=Chris Avellone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Lanzi=Luigi Antonio Lanzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nachman_Syrkin=Nachman Syrkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Ludwig_Fernow=Carl Ludwig Fernow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Fea=Carlo Fea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Canina=Luigi Canina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Macke=August Macke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Homer_Haskins=Charles Homer Haskins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Berg=Nicholas Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniello_Bartoli=Daniello Bartoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredy_Perlman=Fredy Perlman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharron_Davies=Sharron Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salih_ibn_Tarif=Salih ibn Tarif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Hotman,_Marquis_de_Villers-St-Paul=Jean Hotman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle-Suzanne_Barbot_de_Villeneuve=Gabrielle-Suzanne Barbot de Villeneuve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_T._Barry=William Barry Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Salza=Ermanno di Salza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Leifer=Neil Leifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatoly_Fomenko=Anatolij Timofeevič Fomenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosario_Dawson=Rosario Dawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Dixon=David Dixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Walliams=David Walliams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_the_African=Costantino l'Africano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mu%E1%B8%A5ammad_ibn_M%C5%ABs%C4%81_al-Khw%C4%81rizm%C4%AB=Muḥammad ibn Mūsā al-Khwārizmī
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosper_Garnot=Prosper Garnot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_D._Tutwiler=Margaret Tutwiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Kenrick=Francis Patrick Kenrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Leung=Katie Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Maria_Bardi=Pietro Maria Bardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc-Joseph_Marion_du_Fresne=Marc-Joseph Marion du Fresne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bateman=Thomas Bateman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lina_Bo_Bardi=Lina Bo Bardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assis_Chateaubriand=Assis Chateaubriand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Toomey=Pat Toomey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Howard=Sidney Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopoldo_Cicognara=Leopoldo Cicognara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Williams_(YMCA)=George Williams (pedagogo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Baptiste_d'Agincourt=Jean Baptiste Louis Georges Seroux d'Agincourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_de_Ridefort=Gérard de Ridefort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacinto_Scelsi=Giacinto Scelsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Buttons=Red Buttons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Stuart_Poole=Reginald Stuart Poole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Cisneros=Henry Cisneros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlon_Wayans=Marlon Wayans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynne_Ramsay=Lynne Ramsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Montferrat,_Count_of_Jaffa_and_Ascalon=Guglielmo Spadalunga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Th%C3%A9ophile-Jules_Pelouze=Théophile-Jules Pelouze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Banks=Lloyd Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Heaton=Patricia Heaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Shostakovich=Maksim Dmitrievič Šostakovič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Volkov=Solomon Moiseevič Volkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bates=Edward Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Rooker=Michael Rooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glauber_Rocha=Glauber Rocha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cy_Endfield=Cy Endfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Cummings=Jim Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Jay=Tony Jay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Gough=Michael Gough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_J._Cobb=Lee J. Cobb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liliana_Mumy=Liliana Mumy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Roy_MacGregor=Rob Roy MacGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erna_Solberg=Erna Solberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Tolentino=Arturo Tolentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Weddell=James Weddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Wiseman=Joseph Wiseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Halsman=Philippe Halsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Spotswood=Alexander Spotswood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Bautista=Dave Bautista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Nye=Gerald Nye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Connery=Jason Connery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Nepos=Cornelio Nepote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Guevara=Otto Guevara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Branch_Giles=William Branch Giles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufus_Wainwright=Rufus Wainwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathalie_Sarraute=Nathalie Sarraute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_Epps=Omar Epps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Burke=Delta Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Battle=Kathleen Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Arthur_Jones=Henry Arthur Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Hurley=Frank Hurley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Piccard=Bertrand Piccard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristy_McNichol=Kristy McNichol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Rung=Marion Rung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Francis=Kay Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Johnson_(sprinter)=Michael Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasse_Braun=Lasse Braun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Woodman=Pierre Woodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_D'Amato=Joe D'Amato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Rollin=Jean Rollin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_Damiano=Franco Lo Cascio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Lewis_(actor)=Matthew Lewis (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ant%C3%B3nio_Lobo_Antunes=António Lobo Antunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wade_Robson=Wade Robson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Tom_Wiggins=Blind Tom Wiggins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_van_Lansberge=Johan Philip Lansberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Walsh=Amanda Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherman_Hemsley=Sherman Hemsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel_Sanford=Isabel Sanford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Guyer-Zeller=Adolf Guyer-Zeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_de_Alencar=José de Alencar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badi'_al-Zaman_al-Hamadani=Badi' al-Zaman al-Hamadhani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Baranski=Christine Baranski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Borzage=Frank Borzage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Campbell,_6th_Earl_of_Argyll=Colin Campbell, VI conte di Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rena_Sofer=Rena Sofer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Baptista_Ashe_(Continental_Congress)=John Baptista Ashe (delegato)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Patton=Will Patton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Flannery=Susan Flannery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Tune=Tommy Tune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Shaughnessy=Charles Shaughnessy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Finnigan=Jennifer Finnigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winsor_Harmon=Winsor Harmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Van_Ark=Joan Van Ark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Principal=Victoria Principal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Kanan=Sean Kanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Samms=Emma Samms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Evans=Linda Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Savage=Ben Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_McGinley=Ted McGinley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaimee_Foxworth=Jaimee Foxworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_San_Giacomo=Laura San Giacomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathy_Berberian=Cathy Berberian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Barber=Andrea Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Dutilleux=Henri Dutilleux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Kullak=Theodor Kullak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sada_Jacobson=Sada Jacobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deidre_Hall=Deidre Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Boyer_(director)=Jean Boyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Chardin=Jean Chardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuki_Takahashi=Kazuki Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nell_Campbell=Nell Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_LaPaglia=Anthony LaPaglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A%C5%9Bvagho%E1%B9%A3a=Aśvaghoṣa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynisca=Cinisca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagoum_Yamassoum=Nagoum Yamassoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gallagher=Peter Gallagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_King=Jonathan King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adalbert,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Adalberto di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_II,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Simone II di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodoric_II,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Teodorico II di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_I,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Simone I di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_II,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Federico II di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_I,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Mattia I di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_I,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Federico I di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theobald_I,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Teobaldo I di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_II,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Mattia II di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theobald_II,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Teobaldo II di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_IV,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Federico IV di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_III,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Federico III di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_I,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Giovanni I di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_II,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Giovanni II di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_I,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Nicola I di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Carlo II di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_II,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Renato II di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Carlo III di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude,_Duke_of_Guise=Claudio I di Guisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean,_Cardinal_of_Lorraine=Giovanni di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Lover=Seth Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony,_Duke_of_Brabant=Antonio di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ben-Haim=Paul Ben-Haim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm-Jamal_Warner=Malcolm-Jamal Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leszek_Balcerowicz=Leszek Balcerowicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_C._Phillips=Joseph C. Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Cain=Mick Cain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masiela_Lusha=Masiela Lusha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan_McDermott=Dylan McDermott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Badalucco=Michael Badalucco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Garrison=David Garrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jensen_Ackles=Jensen Ackles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camryn_Manheim=Camryn Manheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelli_Williams=Kelli Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Capshaw=Jessica Capshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Giraud_Elliot=Daniel Giraud Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhao_Mengfu=Zhao Mengfu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeong_Cheol=Chŏng Ch'ŏl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bada_Shanren=Zhū Dā
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Tausig=Carl Tausig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olaudah_Equiano=Olaudah Equiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Dalmau=Richie Dalmau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzuki_Harunobu=Suzuki Harunobu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Khansa=Al-Khansa'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connor_Trinneer=Connor Trinneer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_Dalmau=Ricardo Dalmau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liang_Kai=Liang Kai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Zhiyuan=Ma Zhiyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeline_Zima=Madeline Zima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_Mena=Juan de Mena (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mofolo=Thomas Mofolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyne_Daly=Tyne Daly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fern%C3%A3o_Mendes_Pinto=Fernão Mendes Pinto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Culp=Steven Culp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafer_Johnson=Rafer Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Kui=Jiāng Kuí
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_Prince=Faith Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robby_Benson=Robby Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Salisbury=Benjamin Salisbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Amorth=Gabriele Amorth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherry_Stringfield=Sherry Stringfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Delaney=Kim Delaney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Foley=Dave Foley (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Root=Stephen Root
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippolyte_Bouchard=Hippolyte de Bouchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristan_Rogers=Tristan Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Daniels=William Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Gift=Roland Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Lahti=Christine Lahti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._M._Walker=H. M. Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elke_Sommer=Elke Sommer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Curtis=Jackie Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Banister_(lawyer)=John Banister (avvocato)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Blore=Eric Blore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raphael_Lemkin=Raphael Lemkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anselm_Franz=Anselm Franz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Reeve_(British_TV_presenter)=Simon Reeve (conduttore televisivo britannico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainis=Rainis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilman_Riemenschneider=Tilman Riemenschneider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudaki=Rudaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_B._Longyear=Barry B. Longyear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scopas=Skopas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Marie_Payton=Jo Marie Payton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Wayans=Shawn Wayans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Kasabian=Linda Kasabian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unkei=Unkei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeami_Motokiyo=Zeami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Irving=Amy Irving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Crudup=Billy Crudup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary-Louise_Parker=Mary-Louise Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Rockefeller=David Rockefeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Lorenz_von_Mosheim=Johann Lorenz von Mosheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_Tschirtner=Oswald Tschirtner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Fiorentino=Linda Fiorentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redfield_Proctor=Redfield Proctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Jaeckel=Richard Jaeckel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Lee=Anna Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Russell=Harold Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Paradis=Vanessa Paradis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_I_of_Galicia=Jurij I di Galizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finn_Ronne=Finn Rønne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dudley,_2nd_Earl_of_Warwick=John Dudley, II conte di Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Mizoguchi=Kenji Mizoguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vintil%C4%83_Horia=Vintilă Horia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suze_Rotolo=Suze Rotolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrose_Dudley,_3rd_Earl_of_Warwick=Ambrose Dudley, III conte di Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Eckford=Elizabeth Eckford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Nesselrode=Karl Vasil'evič Nessel'rode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leila_Khaled=Leila Khaled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Perez_Baraquio=Angela Perez Baraquio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Astor=Madeleine Astor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sheppard_(composer)=John Sheppard (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raquel_Lee=Raquel Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Shenkarow=Justin Shenkarow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Bradbury=Jack Bradbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Caird=Maureen Caird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_La_Roca=Pete La Roca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Kudelski=Stefan Kudelski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_I,_Duke_of_Swabia=Federico I di Svevia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_II,_Duke_of_Swabia=Federico II di Svevia (duca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Manganiello=Joe Manganiello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Hammond=Nicholas Hammond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Wilson=Luke Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Landis=John Landis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Dors=Diana Dors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Rush=Richard Rush (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prem_Rawat=Prem Rawat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Robbins=Jerome Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Gilels=Ėmil' Grigor'evič Gilel's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenan_Thompson=Kenan Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Eliot,_2nd_Earl_of_St_Germans=William Eliot, II conte di St. Germans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Campbell,_7th_Earl_of_Argyll=Archibald Campbell, VII conte di Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Sutherland,_Baron_Sutherland_of_Houndwood=Stewart Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Tom=Lauren Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Ferlito=Vanessa Ferlito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Campbell_Eyton=Thomas Campbell Eyton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmine_Giovinazzo=Carmine Giovinazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Rostenkowski=Dan Rostenkowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_M._Daley=William M. Daley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_Harper=Hill Harper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_M._Young=Percy M. Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colm_Feore=Colm Feore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Allen_(triathlete)=Mark Allen (triatleta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_W._Belknap=William Worth Belknap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Newby-Fraser=Paula Newby-Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Flammarion=Camille Flammarion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfre_Woodard=Alfre Woodard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Eller=Carl Eller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Vaughn=Matthew Vaughn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Am%C3%ADlcar_Cabral=Amílcar Cabral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Marshall_(film_producer)=Frank Marshall (produttore cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_George=Phyllis George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Lamm=Norman Lamm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Latham_Sholes=Christopher Sholes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Buono=Victor Buono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dru_Drury=Dru Drury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Blok=Aleksandr Aleksandrovič Blok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Brandon=Richard Brandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbie_Lewis=Herbie Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Sheffield=Johnny Sheffield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craterus=Cratero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Francis_Stephens=James Francis Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Procter=Emily Procter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Irving=Clifford Irving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Schicklgruber=Maria Schicklgruber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Dourdan=Gary Dourdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignaz_Seipel=Ignaz Seipel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Cavanagh=Tom Cavanagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Bowen=Julie Bowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_S._Hart=William S. Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trip_Hawkins=Trip Hawkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrill_De_Maris=Merrill De Maris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelsang_Gyatso=Kelsang Gyatso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Fallberg=Carl Fallberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bi_Sheng=Bi Sheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Irvine_(mountaineer)=Andrew Irvine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Curtius=Julius Curtius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonid_Nikolaev=Leonid Nikolaev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Herbert_Cowell=Philip Herbert Cowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasiliy_Ulrikh=Vasilij Ulrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_Srivastava=Shri Mataji Nirmala Devi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vince_Vaughn=Vince Vaughn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meg_Tilly=Meg Tilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Markoff=John Markoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao_Yuanming=Tao Yuanming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_P._Bellisario=Donald P. Bellisario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Lazlo=Viktor Lazlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigrun_Wodars=Sigrun Wodars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin_Balzer=Karin Balzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thug_Behram=Thug Behram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Eliot,_5th_Earl_of_St_Germans=Henry Eliot, V conte di St. Germans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghassan_Kanafani=Ghassan Kanafani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta_Holm%C3%A8s=Augusta Holmès
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_Biagi=Enzo Biagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marika_R%C3%B6kk=Marika Rökk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bent_Hamer=Bent Hamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Kaufman=Lloyd Kaufman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Krige=Alice Krige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspar_No%C3%A9=Gaspar Noé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Paulsen=Rob Paulsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Jennings=Gary Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaen_Isenbrandt=Adriaen Isenbrant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gao_Qi=Gao Qi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gy%C3%B6rgy_Konr%C3%A1d=György Konrád
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_de_los_%C3%81ngeles=Victoria de los Ángeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kateryna_Lagno=Kateryna Lahno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_de_Arriaga=Manuel de Arriaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Guzm%C3%A1n=Luis Guzmán
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_van_Swieten=Gottfried van Swieten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili_Damita=Lili Damita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Berger=Henri Berger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayk=Haik d'Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayuko_Aoki=Mayuko Aoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_de_Rothschild=Nathaniel de Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poul_Schl%C3%BCter=Poul Schlüter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89mile_Oustalet=Émile Oustalet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Verreaux=Jules Verreaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Antoine_Delalande=Pierre Antoine Delalande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhard_Klopfer=Gerhard Klopfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terri_Schiavo_case=Terri Schiavo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Strathairn=David Strathairn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernesto_Cardenal=Ernesto Cardenal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Oerter=Al Oerter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cameron_Forbes=William Cameron Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graydon_Carter=Graydon Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_Lowell_Cabot=Godfrey Lowell Cabot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemarie_Ackermann=Rosemarie Ackermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_I,_Duke_of_Saxony=Alberto I di Sassonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Cary=Joyce Cary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carly_Schroeder=Carly Schroeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berossus=Berosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_Flores_Mag%C3%B3n=Ricardo Flores Magón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyacinthe_Thiandoum=Hyacinthe Thiandoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Addison,_1st_Viscount_Addison=Christopher Addison, I visconte Addison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._V._Alexander,_1st_Earl_Alexander_of_Hillsborough=Albert Victor Alexander, I conte Alexander di Hillsborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Graham_(promoter)=Bill Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Robbe-Grillet=Alain Robbe-Grillet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glynis_Nunn=Glynis Nunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Kalniete=Sandra Kalniete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Telm%C3%A1nyi=Emil Telmányi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manishtushu=Manishtushu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shar-Kali-Sharri=Shar-kali-sharri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shu-turul=Shu-turul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Corrette=Michel Corrette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammad_Fazel_Lankarani=Muhammad Fazel Lankarani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_Mkwawa=Mtwa Mkwawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_van_Gent=Hendrik van Gent (astronomo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Hinkler=Herbert John Louis Hinkler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleen_Dewhurst=Colleen Dewhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carel_Struycken=Carel Struycken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Weinger=Scott Weinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Komen=Daniel Komen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Scot=Michele Scoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._C._Young=Clement Calhoun Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lenox=James Lenox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_B._Hill=David B. Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Castile=Christopher Castile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_V._Monaco=James V. Monaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_B._Davis=William B. Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Perelman=Ronald Perelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Eliot,_6th_Earl_of_St_Germans=John Eliot, VI conte di St. Germans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Bartoli=Cecilia Bartoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansegisel=Ansegiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begga=Begga di Andenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P%C3%A1l_Teleki=Pál Teleki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Molinier=Pierre Molinier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Shiley=Jean Shiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Walpole=Hugh Walpole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesca_Annis=Francesca Annis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Bridges=Todd Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Estes=Rob Estes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Dolin=Anton Dolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_East=Alfred East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Quayle=Anthony Quayle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessye_Norman=Jessye Norman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Panizzi=Antonio Panizzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Allen_Brown=Sterling Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Friedle=Will Friedle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cubitt,_1st_Baron_Ashcombe=George Cubitt, I barone Ashcombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Jackson_(actor)=Jonathan Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Quarrie=Don Quarrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Watros=Cynthia Watros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Mennea=Pietro Mennea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saadat_Hasan_Manto=Saadat Hasan Manto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_O'Brien=Austin O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Diamond_Phillips=Lou Diamond Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Malte-Brun=Conrad Malte-Brun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Spencer,_8th_Earl_Spencer=John Spencer, VIII conte Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daphne_Zuniga=Daphne Zuniga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Poynter=Edward Poynter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenna_Elfman=Jenna Elfman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Carey=Macdonald Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Biel=Jessica Biel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belinus=Belino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Mimoun=Alain Mimoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onkelos=Onkelos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brennius=Brennio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Garrett=Pat Garrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siegfried_Wagner=Siegfried Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bdale_Garbee=Bdale Garbee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klara_Hitler=Klara Pölzl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_von_Flotow=Friedrich von Flotow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Antonius_Primus=Marco Antonio Primo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin-Muballit=Sin-muballit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliyahu_Eliezer_Dessler=Eliyahu Eliezer Dessler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Moffo=Anna Moffo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Beckwourth=James Beckwourth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Byron=Robert Byron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margot_Asquith,_Countess_of_Oxford_and_Asquith=Margot Asquith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Honorius_II=Antipapa Onorio II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Grey=Richard Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Brewer=Albert Brewer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Arndt=Felix Arndt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zail_Singh=Giani Zail Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Corbett=John Corbett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janine_Turner=Janine Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keshia_Knight_Pulliam=Keshia Knight Pulliam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Jesus_Angleton=James Angleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Brown=Anne Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Duncan=Todd Duncan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_DeLoach=Joe DeLoach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Newton=Robert Newton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hoare=William Hoare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Grisoni=Giuseppe Grisoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McDouall_Stuart=John McDouall Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_the_Carthusian=Dionigi di Rijkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Alexander_Smith_(Boys'_Brigade)=William Alexander Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No%C3%ABl_Mam%C3%A8re=Noël Mamère
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_McMahon=Linda McMahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Lyonne=Natasha Lyonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mara_Wilson=Mara Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Kirk=Tommy Kirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Serrano=Miguel Serrano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakhbut_bin_Dhiyab_Al_Nahyan=Shakhbut bin Dhiyab Al Nahyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzie_Plakson=Suzie Plakson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martynas_Ma%C5%BEvydas=Martynas Mažvydas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Grey=Jennifer Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Kitagawa=Keiko Kitagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Reinhold=Judge Reinhold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Goss_(composer)=John Goss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Sheffield=Reginald Sheffield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Denby_(politician)=Edwin Denby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Richard_Wallace,_1st_Baronet=Richard Wallace (mecenate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wirt_(Attorney_General)=William Wirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Solomon=Carl Solomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sela_Ward=Sela Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Mueck=Ron Mueck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Heywood=John Heywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Andreu=Paul Andreu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gen_Paul=Gen Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_of_Pisa=Guido da Pisa (geografo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syd_Mead=Syd Mead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantinos_Kenteris=Kōnstantinos Kenterīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Pelletier_du_Mans=Jacques Peletier du Mans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_Whalley=Joanne Whalley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felice_Romani=Felice Romani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._H._Carr=Edward Carr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_de_Cabez%C3%B3n=Antonio de Cabezón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Bosse=Abraham Bosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alb%C3%A9ric_Magnard=Albéric Magnard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Douglas,_Lord_of_Douglas=James Douglas (condottiero)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Alberto_Melgar_Castro=Juan Alberto Melgar Castro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaleel_White=Jaleel White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muse_Watson=Muse Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynda_Carter=Lynda Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Higgins=Joe Higgins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Galilei=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Mei=Girolamo Mei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Palma=Emilio Marcos Palma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._V._Olsen=T. V. Olsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Reiniger=Scott H. Reiniger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Sara=Mia Sara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_William_Thomson=Robert William Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Andrews=Rob Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_Bell=Drake Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Nava=Jake Nava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernd_and_Hilla_Becher=Bernd e Hilla Becher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Benning_(film_director)=James Benning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Merrill=Bob Merrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_D._Mitchell=William DeWitt Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanns_Martin_Schleyer=Hanns-Martin Schleyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariel_Durant=Ariel Durant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_L._Smith=Paul L. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_O'Malley=Mike O'Malley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronny_Cox=Ronny Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caleb_Cushing=Caleb Cushing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Mayr=Johann Simon Mayr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Griffin=Susan Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Tinctoris=Johannes Tinctoris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umberto_Agnelli=Umberto Agnelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Edwards=Amelia Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Am%C3%A9ry=Jean Améry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Waley=Arthur Waley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregg_Toland=Gregg Toland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Crispi=Francesco Crispi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixie_Carter=Dixie Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Huber=Alexander Huber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liliane_Bettencourt=Liliane Bettencourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nargis=Nargis (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Clifford=Nathan Clifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Emmerich=Roland Emmerich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Mitscherlich=Alexander Mitscherlich (chimico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Vlady=Marina Vlady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliusz_Schauder=Juliusz Paweł Schauder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Smalley=Dave Smalley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Mitscherlich_(psychologist)=Alexander Mitscherlich (psicologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Campbell=Billy Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Rudd=Paul Rudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Reid=Tara Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbet_Schroeder=Barbet Schroeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Oliver_(actor)=Michael Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germinal_Pierre_Dandelin=Germinal Pierre Dandelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zach_Galligan=Zach Galligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wesley_Turnbull=Charles Wesley Turnbull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Faye=Alice Faye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Bateman=Jason Bateman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Naughton=David Naughton (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justine_Bateman=Justine Bateman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Ostrum=Peter Ostrum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Schaeffer=Rebecca Schaeffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Curtis=Ken Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Lawrence=Carolyn Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tryphiodorus=Trifiodoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Dyer=Mary Dyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Hamlin=Harry Hamlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ving_Rhames=Ving Rhames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Zuchardt=Karl Zuchardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Obrecht=Jacob Obrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacey_Dash=Stacey Dash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivyann_Schwan=Ivyann Schwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey_Affleck=Casey Affleck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracey_Gold=Tracey Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Regal=William Regal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_Vitry=Philippe de Vitry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Marcil=Vanessa Marcil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Duhamel=Josh Duhamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunthorn_Phu=Sunthorn Phu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_von_Sternberg=Josef von Sternberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Grahame=Gloria Grahame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Arenberg=Lee Arenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Marie=Rose Marie (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Acker=Amy Acker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamala_Markandaya=Kamala Markandaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnulf_III,_Count_of_Flanders=Arnolfo III di Fiandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_II,_Count_of_Hainaut=Baldovino II di Hainaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_III,_Count_of_Hainaut=Baldovino III di Hainaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_V,_Count_of_Hainaut=Baldovino V di Hainaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_IV,_Count_of_Hainaut=Baldovino IV di Hainaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_I,_Count_of_Hainaut=Giovanni d'Avesnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide_of_Holland=Adelaide d'Olanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_I,_Count_of_Hainaut=Guglielmo I di Hainaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_II,_Count_of_Holland=Giovanni I di Hainaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_II,_Count_of_Hainaut=Guglielmo II di Hainaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Dorff=Stephen Dorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Weidman=John Weidman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lapine=James Lapine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Furth=George Furth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Shevelove=Burt Shevelove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Evigan=Greg Evigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Patrick_(dramatist)=John Patrick (drammaturgo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayo_Methot=Mayo Methot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Leoni=Giacomo Leoni (architetto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel_Jewell=Isabel Jewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranius=Uranio Antonino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89mile_Louis_Victor_de_Laveleye=Émile de Laveleye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Alberti=Rafael Alberti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Larter=Ali Larter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_Whitford=Bradley Whitford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Abad_de_Santill%C3%A1n=Diego Abad de Santillán
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Hennessy=Jill Hennessy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolus_Clusius=Carolus Clusius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dunning,_1st_Baron_Ashburton=John Dunning, I barone Ashburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Acciarito=Pietro Acciarito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Rowell=Jack Rowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri,_Prince_of_Cond%C3%A9_(1552%E2%80%931588)=Enrico I di Borbone-Condé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Morgenthau=Hans Morgenthau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Marcouf=Marculfo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregori_Maximoff=Grigorij Petrovič Maksimov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Elkann=John Elkann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gibson=Thomas Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Kruger=Diane Kruger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Ruggles=Charles Ruggles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Douglass_White=Edward Douglass White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larenz_Tate=Larenz Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtney_B._Vance=Courtney B. Vance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Reyer=Ernest Reyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristy_Swanson=Kristy Swanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Delicado=Francisco Delicado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Travis=Nancy Travis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Leighton=Laura Leighton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_T._Nelson=Craig T. Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cearl_of_Mercia=Cearl di Mercia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonja_Smits=Sonja Smits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceolwulf_I_of_Mercia=Ceolwulf I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludeca_of_Mercia=Ludeca di Mercia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceolwulf_II_of_Mercia=Ceolwulf II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beorhtwulf_of_Mercia=Beorhtwulf di Mercia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Sauber=Peter Sauber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annabella_Sciorra=Annabella Sciorra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Berg=Max Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Snyder=Dana Snyder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Willis=Dave Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_William_Congreve,_2nd_Baronet=William Congreve (inventore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Hinchey=Maurice Hinchey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_C._Jewitt=David Jewitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Caldara=Antonio Caldara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Wicks=Sue Wicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hogan=Paul Hogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bongi_Makeba=Bongi Makeba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bowes-Lyon,_18th_Earl_of_Strathmore_and_Kinghorne=Michael Bowes-Lyon, XVIII conte di Strathmore e Kinghorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Horn=Tom Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Davis_(athlete)=Glenn Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corbin_Bernsen=Corbin Bernsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Laemmle,_Jr.=Carl Laemmle Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Hopper=Josephine Verstille Nivison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dafydd_Elis-Thomas=Dafydd Elis-Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Smith_(New_Jersey_politician)=Chris Smith (politico statunitense)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Garrett=Scott Garrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Artusi=Giovanni Maria Artusi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Anas_al-Libi=Abu Anas al-Libi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peg_Entwistle=Peg Entwistle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Pendleton=Nat Pendleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Brawn=Ross Brawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Eddy=Nelson Eddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Strange=Glenn Strange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdullah_Ahmed_Abdullah=Abdullah Ahmed Abdullah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Raft=George Raft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Brent=George Brent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_De_Carlo=Yvonne De Carlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Cassidy=Jack Cassidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Morley=Karen Morley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Knight=Ted Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_McCormack=Eric McCormack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Hayes_(actor)=Sean Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Mullally=Megan Mullally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley_Morrison=Shelley Morrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Bardon=Franz Bardon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Hutton=Ronald Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Roessler=Rudolf Roessler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bram_Fischer=Bram Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Keilis-Borok=Vladimir Keilis-Borok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_MacDowell=Edward MacDowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loie_Fuller=Loïe Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Shawn=Ted Shawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ming-Na_Wen=Ming-Na Wen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niall_Ferguson=Niall Ferguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gordon-Lennox,_7th_Duke_of_Richmond=Charles Gordon-Lennox, VII duca di Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Wiltshire=Stephen Wiltshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Holiday=Henry Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Schofield=John Schofield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Furius_Bibaculus=Marco Furio Bibaculo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Wynn_(songwriter)=Steve Wynn (musicista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Spilotro=Anthony Spilotro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Jordan=Eddie Jordan (automobilismo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Malone=Dorothy Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cadogan,_1st_Earl_Cadogan=William Cadogan, I conte Cadogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_da_Piacenza=Domenico da Piacenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Guicciardini=Francesco Guicciardini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Dvorak=Ann Dvorak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Herseth_Sandlin=Stephanie Herseth Sandlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Zedd=Nick Zedd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgil_Exner=Virgil Exner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eug%C3%A8ne_Lanti=Eugenio Lanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Roth=Joseph Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Argenziano=Carmen Argenziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Bryce=Quentin Bryce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Wynn=Steve Wynn (imprenditore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenda_Farrell=Glenda Farrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Hollister=Nancy Hollister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Mimmi=Franco Mimmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Holmes=Ernest Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Compton,_2nd_Earl_of_Northampton=Spencer Compton, II conte di Northampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennie_Thompson=Bennie Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Harbison=John Harbison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Taylor_(Mississippi_politician)=Gene Taylor (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barron_Hilton=Barron Hilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hilton=Richard Hilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Wu=David Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loren_Dean=Loren Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Stoltz=Eric Stoltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_DeFazio=Peter DeFazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Walden=Greg Walden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zohar_Manna=Zohar Manna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judson_Harmon=Judson Harmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwards_Pierrepont=Edwards Pierrepont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olav_Bjaaland=Olav Bjaaland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_O'Quinn=Terry O'Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hari_Kostov=Hari Kostov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Conte=Richard Conte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_James_Richter=Jason James Richter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hodiak=John Hodiak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barret_Oliver=Barret Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_Cordero_di_Montezemolo=Luca Cordero di Montezemolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatsumi_Hijikata=Tatsumi Hijikata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashlee_Simpson=Ashlee Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Jungk=Robert Jungk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kane_Hodder=Kane Hodder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meir_Nitzan=Meir Nitzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_W._Merrill=Paul Willard Merrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Younger=Rob Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnulf_Rainer=Arnulf Rainer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Granovetter=Mark Granovetter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Tysoe=Alfred Tysoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Troost=Paul Troost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Kraus=Alfredo Kraus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Obolensky=Aleksandr Sergeevič Obolenskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Jenkins_Sr.=Charlie Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaroslav_of_Tver=Jaroslav III di Vladimir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhard_Hauff=Reinhard Hauff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Yanyong=Jiang Yanyong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_D'Angelo=Beverly D'Angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Krantz=Judith Krantz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitty_Carlisle=Kitty Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanos=Thanos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_V._Scotti=James Vernon Scotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesses_IX=Ramses IX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Murphy=Emily Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Ntshona=Winston Ntshona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Schoeffling=Michael Schoeffling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Peck=Josh Peck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Horst=Louis Horst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajendra_Prasad=Rajendra Prasad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Morrow=Jeremiah Morrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Sokolow=Anna Sokolow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Seymour_(photographer)=David Seymour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Pomeranc=Max Pomeranc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Philipp_Stadion,_Count_von_Warthausen=Johann Philipp Karl Joseph von Stadion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhard_Bendix=Reinhard Bendix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Foreman=Deborah Foreman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Haden_Church=Thomas Haden Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Matarazzo=Heather Matarazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steinunn_Sigur%C3%B0ard%C3%B3ttir=Steinunn Sigurðardóttir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otis_Davis=Otis Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Grey,_1st_Earl_of_Kent=Edmund Grey, I conte di Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Mattick=Paul Mattick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vassilis_Vassilikos=Vasilīs Vasilikos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Waalkes=Otto Waalkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Greenwood=Dick Greenwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Babers=Alonzo Babers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delfino_Codazzi=Delfino Codazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_of_Burgundy,_Lady_of_Bourbon=Beatrice di Borgogna-Borbone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_Karger=Ulrich Karger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_II,_Duke_of_Bourbon=Luigi II di Borbone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_I,_Duke_of_Bourbon=Giovanni I di Borbone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Duke_of_Bourbon=Carlo I di Borbone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_II,_Duke_of_Bourbon=Giovanni II di Borbone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II,_Duke_of_Bourbon=Carlo II di Borbone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert,_Count_of_Montpensier=Gilberto di Borbone-Montpensier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_I,_Count_of_Montpensier=Luigi I di Montpensier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III,_Duke_of_Bourbon=Carlo III di Borbone-Montpensier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Badham=John Badham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erica_Leerhsen=Erica Leerhsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Rice_Hughes=Donna Rice Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Guerin=Veronica Guerin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_MacGregor=Gregor MacGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Stuart_Masterson=Mary Stuart Masterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charita_Bauer=Charita Bauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristian_Alfonso=Kristian Alfonso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Clarke_(actor)=John Clarke (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hayter=David Hayter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Seaforth_Hayes=Susan Seaforth Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Reid=Frances Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Faulds=Henry Faulds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Maturin=Charles Robert Maturin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Grimault=Paul Grimault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T%C3%BApac_Amaru_II=Túpac Amaru II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lamb_Picknell=William Lamb Picknell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Capra=Francis Capra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Thornton_(reformer)=Henry Thornton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Liebermann=Max Liebermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Henstridge=Natasha Henstridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovis_Corinth=Lovis Corinth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zachary_Macaulay=Zachary Macaulay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hedison=David Hedison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Maclean_(spy)=Donald Duart Maclean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Rinna=Lisa Rinna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Sweeney=Alison Sweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Patrick_Harris=Neil Patrick Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbi_Morgan=Debbi Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Lamas=Lorenzo Lamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Brenneman=Amy Brenneman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Franz=Dennis Franz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Picard=Jean Picard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Pat_O'Malley=J. Pat O'Malley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Segundo_Ruiz_Belvis=Segundo Ruiz Belvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Brest=Martin Brest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Monroe=Robert Monroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marisa_Pavan=Marisa Pavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_Angeli=Anna Maria Pierangeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Markin=Viktor Markin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Tamiris=Helen Tamiris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanis%C5%82aw_Koniecpolski=Stanisław Koniecpolski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Carlsson=Erik Carlsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embeth_Davidtz=Embeth Davidtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Barth%C3%A9lemy-Saint-Hilaire=Jules Barthélemy-Saint-Hilaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Puiseux=Pierre Puiseux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Weitz=Chris Weitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Young=Jacob Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Adelaide_Belloc_Lowndes=Marie Belloc Lowndes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rossen=Robert Rossen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgy_Gapon=Georgij Apollonovič Gapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbur_Scoville=Wilbur Scoville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Montgomery_(actor)=Robert Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Davis=Betty Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Mann=Leslie Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Themmen=Paris Themmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoaneta_Stefanova=Antoaneta Stefanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Chappell=Crystal Chappell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Peluso=Lisa Peluso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Davidson=Eileen Davidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mykola_Lysenko=Mikola Vitalijovič Lisenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Langlet=Abraham Langlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Malina_White=Karen Malina White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_Ford=Constance Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Dee_Robinson=Sandra Ferguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacy_Hryniewiecki=Ignatij Ioachimovič Grinevickij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Abbott_(game_designer)=Robert Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Henlein=Konrad Henlein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Vefik_Pasha=Ahmed Vefik Pascià
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Filmer=Robert Filmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnaldo_Ochoa=Arnaldo Ochoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Blunt=Roy Blunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Nicholls_(writer)=Peter Nicholls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Foxworth=Robert Foxworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Glen_(director)=John Glen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rory_Cochrane=Rory Cochrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Gottfried_Daniel_Nees_von_Esenbeck=Christian Gottfried Daniel Nees von Esenbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Mattson=Robin Mattson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Heemeyer=Marvin Heemeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Milligan=Billy Milligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_d'Amboise_(dancer)=Jacques d'Amboise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renny_Harlin=Renny Harlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Myrdal=Jan Myrdal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Statham=Jason Statham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rade_%C5%A0erbed%C5%BEija=Rade Šerbedžija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Eden=Barbara Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennie_James=Lennie James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhirubhai_Ambani=Dhirubhai Ambani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobayakawa_Hideaki=Kobayakawa Hideaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Leick=Hudson Leick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Brier=Bob Brier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_Parent=Mimi Parent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nectarius_of_Jerusalem=Nettario di Gerusalemme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc-Antoine_Parseval=Marc-Antoine Parseval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erki_Nool=Erki Nool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menahem_Pressler=Menahem Pressler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Thorez=Maurice Thorez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcin_Libicki=Marcin Libicki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_J._Palmisano=Samuel J. Palmisano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Masters=William Howell Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Lee_(actor)=Jason Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Peterson=Amanda Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Enomiya-Lassalle=Hugo Makibi Enomiya-Lassalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yechiel_Michel_Epstein=Yechiel Michel Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Balsam=Martin Balsam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_B._Saxbe=William Bart Saxbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Hass=Karl Hass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Goosson=Stephen Goosson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Chiccarelli=Joe Chiccarelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Hale=Jennifer Hale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_Winkleman=Claudia Winkleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porfirio_Rubirosa=Porfirio Rubirosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Rauschning=Hermann Rauschning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Razuvaev=Jurij Razuvaev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Burdett-Coutts,_1st_Baroness_Burdett-Coutts=Angela Burdett-Coutts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Toucey=Isaac Toucey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_French_Smith=William French Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Milner=Martin Milner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Sweeney_(actor)=Joseph Sweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celeste_Holm=Celeste Holm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Thyra_of_Denmark=Thyra di Danimarca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Dexter=Samuel Dexter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Tom=Heather Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Stanley,_17th_Earl_of_Derby=Edward Stanley, XVII conte di Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_McCrane=Paul McCrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_(biblical_figure)=Noemi (Bibbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Leschetizky=Teodor Leszetycki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammad_Khiabani=Mohammad Khiabani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Levy=Andrea Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Dempsey=Patrick Dempsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Omidyar=Pierre Omidyar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Andre=Peter Andre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeo_Doi=Takeo Doi (psicoanalista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Hasford=Gustav Hasford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_de_Broglie_(1756%E2%80%931794)=Charles-Louis-Victor de Broglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susana_Rinaldi=Susana Rinaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%A1szl%C3%B3_Rajk=László Rajk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikita_Mikhalkov=Nikita Sergeevič Michalkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satoru_Iwata=Satoru Iwata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._T._Walsh=J. T. Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Carrera=Pietro Carrera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyridon_Louis=Spyridōn Louīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfred_Bietak=Manfred Bietak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shemar_Moore=Shemar Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewel_Staite=Jewel Staite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Bunker_Gilbreth,_Sr.=Frank Gilbreth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Harbin=Robert Harbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finola_Hughes=Finola Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Kingston=Alex Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evgeny_Lifshitz=Evgenij Michajlovič Lifšic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanda_Wasilewska=Wanda Wasilewska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Ansky=Semën An-skij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patty_Wagstaff=Patty Wagstaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corin_Nemec=Corin Nemec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Ward=Susan Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Herbert,_2nd_Earl_of_Pembroke=Henry Herbert, II conte di Pembroke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Carl_Alwin_Pockels=Friedrich Carl Alwin Pockels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Mills=Kerry Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Yegorovich_Zhukovsky=Nikolaj Egorovič Žukovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Prefontaine=Steve Prefontaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Hall_(diver)=Samuel Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_di_Sarli=Carlos Di Sarli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osvaldo_Pugliese=Osvaldo Pugliese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_d'Arienzo=Juan D'Arienzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An%C3%ADbal_Troilo=Aníbal Troilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ian_Cusick=Henry Ian Cusick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Buffer=Michael Buffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Glover=Julian Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Beradino=John Beradino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hiltzik=Robert Hiltzik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_ibn_Tibbon=Samuel ben Judah ibn Tibbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Show=Grant Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Faison=Donald Faison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Bartholin_the_Elder=Caspar Bartholin il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiko_Kadono=Eiko Kadono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damian_Wilson=Damian Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Buchanan=Ian Buchanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Wakeman=Oliver Wakeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierluigi_Collina=Pierluigi Collina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehran_Karimi_Nasseri=Mehran Karimi Nasseri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Lane=Ralph Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Coppola=Alicia Coppola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Aston=Ken Aston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Chalke=Sarah Chalke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Baker=Ella Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Geary=Anthony Geary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Francis=Genie Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_E._Wright=Samuel E. Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Grey,_1st_Duke_of_Suffolk=Henry Grey, I duca di Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Miller=Gabrielle Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_McDonald=Kevin McDonald (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryn_Terfel=Bryn Terfel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Alexander=Denise Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Cumbers=Simon Cumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sozomen=Sozomeno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustathius_of_Antioch=Eustazio di Antiochia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Moss=Pat Moss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubrey_Burl=Aubrey Burl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Mohr=Jay Mohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Vanik=Charles Vanik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Arnold_Taylor=James Arnold Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altichiero=Altichiero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayim_Bialik=Mayim Bialik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorsten_Kaye=Thorsten Kaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Dadi=Marcel Dadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bei_Dao=Bei Dao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Will=Anne Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Julius_Trumpler=Robert Julius Trumpler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_L%C3%B6with=Karl Löwith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_Blasius=Johann Heinrich Blasius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salomon_M%C3%BCller=Salomon Müller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Walcha=Helmut Walcha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Wolff=Christoph Wolff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Rutherford=Kelly Rutherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Scherchen=Hermann Scherchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Lawrence=Joey Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Skerritt=Tom Skerritt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Monaco=Kelly Monaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davitt_Moroney=Davitt Moroney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_O._May=Kenneth May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_Thomas_Scott=Melody Thomas Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gameel_Al-Batouti=Gameel Al-Batouti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_IV,_Duke_of_Modena=Francesco IV d'Austria-Este
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Bola%C3%B1o=Roberto Bolaño
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Burns=Marilyn Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Anthony_Stewart=Paul Anthony Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Burton_(actor)=Steve Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Manuel_Arana_Osorio=Carlos Manuel Arana Osorio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_Peralta_Azurdia=Alfredo Enrique Peralta Azurdia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendie_Malick=Wendie Malick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Gless=Sharon Gless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Manchicourt=Pierre de Manchicourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_du_Fresne,_sieur_du_Cange=Charles du Fresne, sieur du Cange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuki_Levy=Shuki Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven-Symon%C3%A9=Raven-Symoné
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aman_Andom=Aman Mikael Andom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tafari_Benti=Tafari Bante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lieberman=Robert Lieberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Bagapsh=Sergej Bagapš
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Olin=Ken Olin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusto_B._Legu%C3%ADa=Augusto Leguía y Salcedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerome_Ragni=Gerome Ragni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariss_Jansons=Mariss Jansons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Braeden=Eric Braeden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Ruffalo=Mark Ruffalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Nachtigal=Gustav Nachtigal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iqbal_Masih=Iqbal Masih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Du_Chaillu=Paul Du Chaillu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_A._Dahl=Robert Alan Dahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gardner_Wilkinson=John Gardner Wilkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Spurlock=Morgan Spurlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Westfeldt=Jennifer Westfeldt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_III,_Duke_of_Cleves=Giovanni III di Kleve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JJ_Cale=J.J. Cale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Horse=Cavallo Pazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Jai_Parker=Paula Jai Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_Cosgrove=Miranda Cosgrove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Campbell=Martin Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Hughes_(politician)=Stephen Hughes (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Corbett=Richard Corbett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_McAvan=Linda McAvan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Johann_Hartwig_Ernst_von_Bernstorff=Johann Hartwig Ernst von Bernstorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Kelly_Lang=Katherine Kelly Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eluned_Morgan,_Baroness_Morgan_of_Ely=Eluned Morgan, baronessa Morgan di Ely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Skinner=Peter Skinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Wallis=Diana Wallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neena_Gill=Neena Gill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelis_Drebbel=Cornelius Drebbel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Watson=Graham Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Newton_Dunn=Bill Newton Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Heaton-Harris=Chris Heaton-Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K%C3%A1lm%C3%A1n_Kand%C3%B3=Kálmán Kandó
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Tannock=Charles Tannock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theresa_Villiers=Theresa Villiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Bradbourn=Philip Bradbourn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlene_McCarthy=Arlene McCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sajjad_Karim=Sajjad Karim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodger_Bumpass=Rodger Bumpass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bell_(Tennessee_politician)=John Bell (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._A._Pennebaker=D. A. Pennebaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_Monte=Philippe de Monte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engelbert_Kaempfer=Engelbert Kaempfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crist%C3%B3bal_de_Morales=Cristóbal de Morales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Helfgott=David Helfgott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Feuillade=Louis Feuillade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Clair=René Clair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Guttenberg=Steve Guttenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Wylie=Adam Wylie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Yesenin=Sergej Aleksandrovič Esenin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Horsley=David Horsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Stihler=Catherine Stihler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyn_Smith=Alyn Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_E._Brown=Raymond Edward Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_al-Ghashmi=Ahmad al-Ghashmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_X._Bushman=Francis X. Bushman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Kulp=Nancy Kulp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Hupfeld=Herman Hupfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_MacKay=Buddy MacKay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Alberto_Lacalle=Luis Alberto Lacalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Reid=Tim Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daphne_Maxwell_Reid=Daphne Maxwell Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly_McCullough=Kimberly McCullough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Browner=Carol Browner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zden%C4%9Bk_Fibich=Zdeněk Fibich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Ilyushin=Vladimir Sergeevič Il'jušin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wallace_Campbell=William Wallace Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Burbidge=Geoffrey Burbidge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Keenan_Seyfert=Carl Keenan Seyfert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_L._W._Sargent=Wallace Sargent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Minnaert=Marcel Minnaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrecht_Uns%C3%B6ld=Albrecht Unsöld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Togiola_Tulafono=Togiola Tulafono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyde_(musician)=Hyde (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Dorgel%C3%A8s=Roland Dorgelès
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Dornier=Claude Dornier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Nelson_Doubleday=Frank Doubleday (editore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Montagu_Doughty=Charles Montagu Doughty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Wills_Douglas,_Sr.=Donald Wills Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Bela%C3%BAnde_Terry=Fernando Belaúnde Terry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantinos_Apostolou_Doxiadis=Kōnstantinos Apostolou Doxiadīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Ruiz_Zorrilla=Manuel Ruiz Zorrilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Gustaf_Bostr%C3%B6m=Erik Gustaf Boström
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Zorrilla_de_San_Mart%C3%ADn=Juan Zorrilla de San Martín
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Zucker_(filmmaker)=David Zucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Anton_G%C3%BCldenst%C3%A4dt=Johann Anton Güldenstädt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaqut_al-Hamawi=Yaqut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_Yvon=Adolphe Yvon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_II_of_Vladimir=Jurij II di Vladimir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Smith=Michelle Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Eliza_Young=Ann Eliza Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Keith=David Keith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Yhombi-Opango=Joachim Yhombi-Opango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Renfro=Brad Renfro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_P._Synnott=Stephen Synnott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_J._Terrile=Richard Terrile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Petersen=Sandy Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Blanchard=Jean-Pierre Blanchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodion_Shchedrin=Rodion Konstantinovič Ščedrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Dacascos=Mark Dacascos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Straus_(composer)=Oscar Straus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Baptist_von_Spix=Johann Baptist Ritter von Spix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Woolston=Thomas Woolston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Frederick_Ferrier=James Frederick Ferrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Peter_Martin=Hans-Peter Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Freneau=Philip Freneau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Freytag=Gustav Freytag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Q._M._Badruddoza_Chowdhury=A. Q. M. Badruddoza Chowdhury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Scott_Lee=Jason Scott Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Frohman=Charles Frohman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussain_Muhammad_Ershad=Hossain Mohammad Ershad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_Inderbinen=Ulrich Inderbinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzysztof_Piesiewicz=Krzysztof Piesiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Gr%C3%BCndgens=Gustaf Gründgens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Forte=Allen Forte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Adam_Hiller=Johann Adam Hiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Rosenthal=Frank Rosenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prudentius=Prudenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Agassiz_Fuertes=Louis Agassiz Fuertes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitaly_Fedorchuk=Vitalij Vasil'evič Fedorčuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barkat_Gourad_Hamadou=Barkat Gourad Hamadou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Burke=Kenneth Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannyn_Sossamon=Shannyn Sossamon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidi_Hautala=Heidi Hautala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagamichi_Kuroda=Nagamichi Kuroda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Barker-Webb=Philip Barker Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabin_Berthelot=Sabin Berthelot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Hemprich=Friedrich Wilhelm Hemprich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Antonius_Creticus=Marco Antonio Cretico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Jones_(actor)=Simon Jones (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Matheson=Tim Matheson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Noble_Tyner=James Noble Tyner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Holden=Edith Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Colani=Luigi Colani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_McCandless=Christopher McCandless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Meyen=Franz Meyen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zach_Braff=Zach Braff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Ziegler=Jean Ziegler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Wintour=Anna Wintour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Archer=Colin Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Rutilius_Rufus=Publio Rutilio Rufo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdon_(Judges)=Abdon (giudice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Figl=Leopold Figl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Hubert=Janet Hubert-Whitten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_d'Abo=Olivia d'Abo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Collamer=Jacob Collamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Friedrich_Justus_Thibaut=Anton Friedrich Justus Thibaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Reynolds=Ryan Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Tuck=Jessica Tuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_B._Cortelyou=George Bruce Cortelyou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Phoenix=Summer Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Grundy=Felix Grundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Langenkamp=Heather Langenkamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curt_Weldon=Curt Weldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milt_Campbell=Milt Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordi_Moll%C3%A0=Jordi Mollà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Arness=James Arness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Simonyi=Charles Simonyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komitas=Padre Komitas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Keynes=Geoffrey Keynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerius_Cordus=Valerio Cordo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Kenwright=Bill Kenwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Esser=Hermann Esser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Austin=Albert Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Roach=Pat Roach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Schultz=Howard Schultz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Paget=James Paget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iamblichus_(novelist)=Giamblico (scrittore erotico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Bourdaloue=Louis Bourdaloue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoinette_Bourignon=Antoinette Bourignon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacek_Kuro%C5%84=Jacek Kuroń
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Hancock=Sheila Hancock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Franklin_Butler_(lawyer)=Benjamin Franklin Butler (avvocato)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Van_Peebles=Mario Van Peebles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Speed=James Speed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Robin_Kelly=Lisa Robin Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariano_Fortuny_(designer)=Mariano Fortuny y Madrazo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Chan-wook=Park Chan-wook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Batman=John Batman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Meinrad=Josef Meinrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Udall=Stewart Udall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Goodger=Ben Goodger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynfor_Evans=Gwynfor Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agathe_Uwilingiyimana=Agathe Uwilingiyimana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrus_van_der_Aa=Petrus van der Aa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Urquhart=Thomas Urquhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver_Pyle=Denver Pyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dieter_Althaus=Dieter Althaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Fouquet=Jean Fouquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Zuhr=Ibn Zuhr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Warren=Rick Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Frisk=Anders Frisk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiram_Bingham_I=Hiram Bingham I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Leo_Schlageter=Albert Leo Schlageter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiram_Bingham_II=Hiram Bingham II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_Roberts=Xavier Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_D._Gilpin=Henry Dilworth Gilpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osbert_Salvin=Osbert Salvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Johnson_(writer)=Paul Johnson (storico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89mile-Jacques_Ruhlmann=Jacques-Émile Ruhlmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Morozevich=Aleksandr Sergeevič Morozevič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Agena=Keiko Agena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%A9o_Taxil=Léo Taxil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._S._Van_Dyke=W. S. Van Dyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferenc_Kazinczy=Ferenc Kazinczy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Santell=Alfred Santell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyperchon=Poliperconte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanaa_Lathan=Sanaa Lathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarah_Leander=Zarah Leander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ernest_Shelley=George Ernest Shelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_St_John=Oliver Saint John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Fiennes,_1st_Viscount_Saye_and_Sele=William Fiennes, I visconte di Saye e Sele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Ouspenskaya=Marija Uspenskaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nino_Manfredi=Nino Manfredi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Wright=Laura Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melusine_von_der_Schulenburg,_Duchess_of_Kendal=Melusine von der Schulenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martianus_Capella=Marziano Capella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleisthenes_of_Sicyon=Clistene di Sicione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theuderic_III=Teodorico III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olin_Chaddock_Wilson=Olin Chaddock Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_E._Neugebauer=Otto Eduard Neugebauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Daniels=Jeff Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottlieb_Georgi=Johann Gottlieb Georgi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkwin=Volkwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaru_Ibuka=Masaru Ibuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masuji_Ibuse=Masuji Ibuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilya_Ilf=Il'ja Arnol'dovič Il'f
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naftali_Herz_Imber=Naftali Herz Imber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Howard,_1st_Earl_of_Northampton=Henry Howard, I conte di Northampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zizi_Lambrino=Zizi Lambrino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Garnet=Henry Garnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Ferdinand_Duckwitz=Georg Ferdinand Duckwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Lapper=Alison Lapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Miller=Jennifer Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Jellinek=Emil Jellinek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Guerrero_(composer)=Francisco Guerrero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Aron=Pietro Aaron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Glarean=Glareano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Jenner=Peter Jenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayoshi_Ito=Masayoshi Itō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasquier_Quesnel=Pasquier Quesnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Eugene_Ives=Frederic Eugene Ives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Izvolsky=Aleksandr Petrovič Izvol'skij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryuhei_Kitamura=Ryūhei Kitamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yehoshua_Bar-Hillel=Yehoshua Bar-Hillel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nubar_Pasha=Nubar Pascià
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riyad_Pasha=Riyad Pascià
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Spoerri=Daniel Spoerri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahmoud_Sami_el-Baroudi=Mahmud Sami al-Barudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Crawford=George Walker Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randal_Cremer=William Randal Cremer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Crichton=James Crichton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Creswell=John Creswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Puig=Manuel Puig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Cole=Gary Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayana=Sāyaṇa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Lipnicki=Jonathan Lipnicki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beno%C3%AEt_Poelvoorde=Benoît Poelvoorde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Jian_(basketball)=Ma Jian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Adams=Maud Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooke_Burns=Brooke Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Opdyke=George Opdyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_J._Kavelaars=John Kavelaars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Cahan=Abraham Cahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Jacobi=Abraham Jacobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Jos%C3%A9_Quintana=Manuel José Quintana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Quin=James Quin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Schrader=Paul Schrader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Lopes=Carlos Lopes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Hesse=Ludwig Otto Hesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Vissi=Anna Vissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozias_Humphry=Ozias Humphry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russel_Crouse=Russel Crouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesca_Cuzzoni=Francesca Cuzzoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Cushman=Charlotte Cushman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Joseph_Curley=Michael Joseph Curley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_Cunningham=Randall Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homer_Stille_Cummings=Homer Stille Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Iffland=August Wilhelm Iffland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Harmon=Mark Harmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cullen_(mathematician)=James Cullen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Cooley=Ryan Cooley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ossie_Davis=Ossie Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Moniz=Wendy Moniz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Ivy=Bob Ivy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meg_Whitman=Meg Whitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Civiletti=Benjamin Civiletti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Dexter_White=Harry Dexter White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gascoigne_(scientist)=William Gascoigne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Vonlanthen=Johan Vonlanthen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodi_Rell=Jodi Rell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdullah_Shah=Abdullah Shah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Walker_(composer)=George Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y%C5%8Dsuke_Matsuoka=Yōsuke Matsuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucien_Gaulard=Lucien Gaulard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Golden=Annie Golden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Luna=Diego Luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gael_Garc%C3%ADa_Bernal=Gael García Bernal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Daoling=Zhang Daoling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_Perez=Rosie Perez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Tanucci=Bernardo Tanucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Augustin_Guillaume_Bosc=Louis-Augustin Bosc d'Antic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgiy_Gongadze=Georgij Gongadze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Frederick_Miller=John Frederick Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Dennis=Ron Dennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_George=Tony George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Whiting=Charlie Whiting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri-Fr%C3%A9d%C3%A9ric_Amiel=Henri-Frédéric Amiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_J._Jeffries=James J. Jeffries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Martyn=Edward Martyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Young=Alan Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajay_Naidu=Ajay Naidu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Wellek=René Wellek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Balcon=Michael Balcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Addison_Dwiggins=William Addison Dwiggins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Van_Vechten=Carl Van Vechten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_d'Urfey=Thomas D'Urfey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Foix=Charles Foix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Drury=Allen Drury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Langalibalele_Dube=John Langalibalele Dube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Dubois_(sculptor)=Paul Dubois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gavan_Duffy=Charles Gavan Duffy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ion_N._Petrovici=Ion N. Petrovici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Buchanan_Duke=James Buchanan Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Dunois=Jean de Dunois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Nonne=Max Nonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Majors=Lee Majors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_H._Levi=Edward Hirsch Levi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristoff_St._John=Kristoff St. John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Moser=Leo Moser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleazar=Eleazaro (figlio di Aronne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Bertinelli=Valerie Bertinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhiyab_bin_Isa_Al_Nahyan=Dhiyab bin Isa Al Nahyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angie_Everhart=Angie Everhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isla_Fisher=Isla Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Woonton=Robert Woonton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Constantin_(administrator)=Daniel Constantin (funzionario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Sparks=Ned Sparks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coles_Bashford=Coles Bashford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Ely_Beach=Alfred Ely Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Sandby=Paul Sandby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Rudolf_Abeken=Bernhard Rudolph Abeken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldine_Chaplin=Geraldine Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert-Fran%C3%A7ois_Damiens=Robert François Damiens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Robert_Ogilvie-Grant=William Robert Ogilvie-Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliette_Goglia=Juliette Goglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_Hogestyn=Drake Hogestyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Consuelos=Mark Consuelos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Hathaway_Lee_Roosevelt=Alice Hathaway Lee Roosevelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Berganza=Teresa Berganza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Foley=Tom Foley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Rouault=Georges Rouault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Tesich=Steve Tesich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Jones_(sculptor)=Allen Jones (scultore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Claiborne_Royall=Kenneth Claiborne Royall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Stephens=Toby Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Grigg_(astronomer)=John Grigg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Rubinstein=Helena Rubinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salomon_van_Ruysdael=Salomon van Ruysdael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Rush=William Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Russell=Lillian Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hugh_Ryan=James Hugh Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_John_Ryan=Patrick John Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Bottoms=Timothy Bottoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiwo_Doko=Doko Toshio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Robin's=Eva Robin's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoe_McLellan=Zoe McLellan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Campbell=George Washington Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubrey_de_Grey=Aubrey de Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Young=Sean Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniela_Bianchi=Daniela Bianchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Evans=Andrea Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Craig=Yvonne Craig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Doody=Alison Doody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Moynahan=Bridget Moynahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voltairine_de_Cleyre=Voltairine de Cleyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Wells=Dawn Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Warlock=Billy Warlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Lerner=Eric Lerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_Marenzio=Luca Marenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chisa_Yokoyama=Chisa Yokoyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Spranger=Eduard Spranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_C._Hall=Michael C. Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Marie_Daudin=François Marie Daudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lyne_Wilson=William Lyne Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_von_Winzor=Anton von Winzor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marais_Viljoen=Marais Viljoen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polus=Polo di Agrigento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_A._Wise=Henry Alexander Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Friedrich_von_Abel=Jakob Friedrich von Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rustam_Minnikhanov=Rustam Minnichanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renato_Corsetti=Renato Corsetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edita_Gruberov%C3%A1=Edita Gruberová
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sviatoslav_II_of_Kiev=Svjatoslav II di Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Work=Hubert Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfred_W%C3%B6rner=Manfred Wörner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Edward_Wright=Luke Edward Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._S._Van_Dine=S. S. Van Dine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Wyndham=George Wyndham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Wynne=Arthur Wynne (enigmista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wynne=Robert John Wynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Rudolf_Wyss=Johann Rudolf Wyss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hart_(lyricist)=Charles Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Wagner_(actor)=Jack Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Maria_Piave=Francesco Maria Piave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikelgaita=Sichelgaita di Salerno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zwentibold=Sventibaldo di Lotaringia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_MacVeagh=Isaac Wayne MacVeagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor-Maurice,_comte_de_Broglie=Victor-Maurice de Broglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machiko_Hasegawa=Machiko Hasegawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gediminas_Vagnorius=Gediminas Vagnorius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Verrett=Shirley Verrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshitoshi_ABe=Yoshitoshi ABe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Pacinotti=Antonio Pacinotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lajos_Batthy%C3%A1ny=Lajos Batthyány (politico 1807)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Van_Buren=Hannah Van Buren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Vassey=Liz Vassey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Paget=Sidney Paget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Gross=Walter Groß
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janusz_Lewandowski=Janusz Lewandowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Petersen=William Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eads=George Eads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shatrughan_Sinha=Shatrughan Sinha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Glidden=Joseph Glidden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Amano=Yuri Amano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Federline=Kevin Federline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_von_Dyck=Walther von Dyck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Robinson=Joan Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Louiche_Desfontaines=René Louiche Desfontaines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urs_Meier=Urs Meier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Mackey=George Mackey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dougal_Haston=Dougal Haston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Rudolph=Arthur Rudolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Thompson=Chester Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandr_Ulyanov=Aleksandr Il'ič Ul'janov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valery_Afanassiev=Valerij Pavlovič Afanas'ev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Van_Druten=John William Van Druten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolai_Gedda=Nicolai Gedda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Laurent_Aimard=Pierre-Laurent Aimard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Louise_Kellogg=Clara Louise Kellogg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Van_Duyn=Mona Van Duyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Van_Dyke=Jerry Van Dyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeev_Sternhell=Zeev Sternhell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bart_Sibrel=Bart Sibrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Prepon=Laura Prepon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Shue=Andrew Shue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Savant=Doug Savant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirck_van_Baburen=Dirck van Baburen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_Allison=Clay Allison (pistolero)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_S._Culbert=Sidney Spence Culbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Anderson_Van_Wyck=Robert Anderson Van Wyck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Vassar=Matthew Vassar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vazgen_I=Vazgen I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorino_Veronese=Vittorino Veronese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Vernier=Pierre Vernier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shar_Jackson=Shar Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Aurelius_Symmachus=Quinto Aurelio Simmaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anousheh_Ansari=Anousheh Ansari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Manning=Irene Manning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Belknap_Long=Frank Belknap Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Long_(actor)=Richard Long (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Tesler=Larry Tesler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Coiffier_de_Ruz%C3%A9,_Marquis_of_Cinq-Mars=Enrico di Cinq-Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Freeman_Vilas=William Freeman Vilas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_Garrison_Villard=Oswald Garrison Villard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Vischer_the_Elder=Peter Vischer il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Carstenszoon=Jan Carstenszoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Michael_Voynich=Wilfrid Voynich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Thomas_Lynn=James T. Lynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belva_Ann_Lockwood=Belva Lockwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_de_Vignerot_du_Plessis=Louis François Armand de Vignerot du Plessis de Richelieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_John_Eyre=Edward John Eyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ion_Mihai_Pacepa=Ion Mihai Pacepa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levin_August,_Count_von_Bennigsen=Levin August von Bennigsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Church_(general)=Richard Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Barlow=Gary Barlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_Ypsilantis=Costantino Ypsilanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Longo=Luigi Longo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassius_Longinus_(philosopher)=Cassio Longino (retore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_de_Lorris=Guillaume de Lorris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionisio_Aguado_y_Garc%C3%ADa=Dionisio Aguado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Lonsdale=Frederick Lonsdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Lover=Samuel Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Low=Frederick Low
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_L%C3%B6wenheim=Leopold Löwenheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aq_Sunqur_al-Hajib=Aq Sunqur al-Hajib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutush_I=Tutush I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerrit_Dou=Gerrit Dou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Zabka=William Zabka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Baldwin=Adam Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Riddle=Toby Winema Riddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Bagdasarian,_Sr.=Ross Bagdasarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Magnus_Enzensberger=Hans Magnus Enzensberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_di_Michelino=Domenico di Michelino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Coromines=Joan Corominas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Lvov=Aleksej Fëdorovič L'vov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgy_Lvov=Georgij Evgen'evič L'vov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Oakeley=Frederick Oakeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanya_Roberts=Tanya Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyo_Obata=Gyo Obata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaim_Joseph_David_Azulai=Chaim Joseph David Azulai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Am%C3%A9d%C3%A9e_Ozenfant=Amédée Ozenfant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Hall_(playwright)=Lee Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Pelham-Clinton,_5th_Duke_of_Newcastle=Henry Pelham-Clinton, V duca di Newcastle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Torkildsen=Justin Torkildsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Fumero=David Fumero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bowie_Owens=Robert B. Owens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Hubbard=Rob Hubbard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Matthias_Hauer=Josef Matthias Hauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Butler=Gerard Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samir_Geagea=Samir Geagea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigi_Edgley=Gigi Edgley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Bechis=Marco Bechis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_Noble=Chelsea Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Gordon=Sheila Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wells_(rugby_union)=John Wells (rugbista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Hofmann=Otto Hofmann (militare)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Friedrich_Oeser=Adam Friedrich Oeser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Friedrich_Otto_Abel=Otto Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giancarlo_Peris=Giancarlo Peris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Connolly=Cyril Connolly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wells_(satirist)=John Wells (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_J._Oglesby=Richard James Oglesby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Charles_Delescluze=Louis Charles Delescluze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stijn_Streuvels=Stijn Streuvels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Yorke,_5th_Earl_of_Hardwicke=Charles Yorke, V conte di Hardwicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Odio_Benito=Elizabeth Odio Benito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lara_Dutta=Lara Dutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_Hays=Kathryn Hays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonso_de_Ojeda=Alonso de Ojeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seumas_O'Kelly=Seumas O'Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Olevian=Caspar Oleviano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culbert_Olson=Culbert Olson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Olszewski=Jan Olszewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailey_Olter=Bailey Olter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Nena=Jacob Nena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telma_Hopkins=Telma Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_G._Comba=Paul G. Comba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Broughton=John Broughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutz_D._Schmadel=Lutz D. Schmadel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_A._Tucker=Roy A. Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Urata=Takeshi Urata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsuneo_Niijima=Tsuneo Niijima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Whitlock=Elizabeth Whitlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide_Kemble=Adelaide Kemble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Oriani=Alfredo Oriani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Oribe=Manuel Oribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiro_Nomura=Toshiro Nomura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Orl%C3%ADk=Emil Orlik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satoru_Otomo=Satoru Otomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsushi_Sugie=Atsushi Sugie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Inoda=Shigeru Inoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Blake=Amanda Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Canning=Victor Canning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshisada_Shimizu=Yoshisada Shimizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiji_Ueda=Seiji Ueda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Kaneda=Hiroshi Kaneda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makio_Akiyama=Makio Akiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshimasa_Furuta=Toshimasa Furuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomimaru_Okuni=Tomimaru Okuni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._C._Benson=Arthur Christopher Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuo_Kagawa=Tetsuo Kagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshio_Kushida=Yoshio Kushida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Osann=Emil Osann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osamu_Muramatsu=Osamu Muramatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Osborn=Harold Osborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Osgood=Samuel Osgood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akimasa_Nakamura=Akimasa Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuhisa_Kojima=Nobuhisa Kojima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_Phoenix=Rain Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuhiro_Kawasato=Nobuhiro Kawasato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiaki_Banno=Yoshiaki Banno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yash_Johar=Yash Johar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiaki_Oshima=Yoshiaki Ōshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshikane_Mizuno=Yoshikane Mizuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Haig_Prieste=Hal Haig Prieste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_McAdams=Rachel McAdams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulo_R._Holvorcem=Paulo Renato Holvorcem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petr_Pravec=Petr Pravec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Juels=Charles W. Juels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Boattini=Andrea Boattini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maura_Tombelli=Maura Tombelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulisse_Munari=Ulisse Munari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luciano_Tesi=Luciano Tesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_di_Cicco=Dennis di Cicco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_E._Holt=Henry E. Holt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kwong_Yu_Yeung=William Kwong Yu Yeung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_H._McNaught=Robert H. McNaught
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_B._Zoltowski=Frank B. Zoltowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Sposetti=Stefano Sposetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Silvano_Casulli=Vincenzo Silvano Casulli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Millan=Bruce Millan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Louis_de_Gontaut=Armand Louis de Gontaut-Biron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Hug=Gary Hug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Pacheco=Rafael Pacheco Hernandez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Bickel=Wolf Bickel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_B._Spahr=Timothy B. Spahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omi_Minami=Omi Minami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Goretti=Vittorio Goretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Antonini=Pierre Antonini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_Sicoli=Piero Sicoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Forti=Giuseppe Forti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaume_Nomen=Jaume Nomen Torres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_P._Laurie=Stephen P. Laurie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vagnozzi=Antonio Vagnozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marek_Wolf=Marek Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Manca=Francesco Manca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Nuttall=Carrie Nuttall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Linderholm=Robert Linderholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_C._Gilmore=Alan C. Gilmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_M._Kilmartin=Pamela M. Kilmartin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_J._Lawrence=Kenneth J. Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_V._McClusky=John V. McClusky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B%C3%A9atrice_Dalle=Béatrice Dalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baden_Powell_de_Aquino=Baden Powell de Aquino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuo_Kojima=Takuo Kojima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayuki_Yanai=Masayuki Yanai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayuki_Iwamoto=Masayuki Iwamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaru_Mukai=Masaru Mukai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Singer-Brewster=Stephen Singer-Brewster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaru_Arai=Masaru Arai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeronimo_de_la_Ossa=Jeronimo de la Ossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_E._Bell=Graham E. Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Wilton=Joseph Wilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan_Antal=Milan Antal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Augustesen=Karl Augustesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_P._Roman=Brian P. Roman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_T._Alu=Jeff Alu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Graf_von_Wrangel=Friedrich von Wrangel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Dupont=Pierre Dupont (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier_van_Noort=Olivier van Noort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Runciman=Steven Runciman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Madin=John Madin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Baldwin=Chuck Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Adolf,_Count_von_Kalckreuth=Friedrich Adolf von Kalckreuth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaen_van_Ostade=Adriaen van Ostade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Ludwig_Aberli=Johann Ludwig Aberli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Lipton=Thomas Lipton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Taillibert=Roger Taillibert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottavio_Piccolomini=Ottavio Piccolomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzan-Lori_Parks=Suzan-Lori Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hipponicus_III=Ipponico III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurymedon_(strategos)=Eurimedonte (militare)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gareth_Evans_(philosopher)=Gareth Evans (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Ferdinand_von_Abensberg_und_Traun=Otto Ferdinand von Traun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahamane_Ousmane=Mahamane Ousmane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Heinrich_von_Seckendorff=Friedrich Heinrich von Seckendorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Dunmore=Helen Dunmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gennadius_of_Massilia=Gennadio di Marsiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Fenton=George Fenton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_Stenbock=Magnus Stenbock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Cohn=Norman Cohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novatian=Antipapa Novaziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Novaro=Michele Novaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Francis_Edward_Keith=James Francis Edward Keith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Noske=Gustav Noske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Northrop=Jack Northrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Norton=Thomas Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Norris=George W. Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willoughby_Norrie,_1st_Baron_Norrie=Willoughby Norrie, I barone Norrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiromi_Tsuru=Hiromi Tsuru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Johnson_(jazz_musician)=Howard Johnson (musicista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Jenkins=Karl Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lawes=William Lawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rikard_Nordraak=Rikard Nordraak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Noorda=Ray Noorda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Macey=Dean Macey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umberto_Nobile=Umberto Nobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Milton_Niles=John Milton Niles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birgit_Nilsson=Birgit Nilsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Nabigha=Al-Nabigha al-Dhubyani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_William_of_W%C3%BCrttemberg=Guglielmo Nicola di Württemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mincho_Neychev=Minčo Nejčev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lehmann=John Lehmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Bernstein_Namier=Lewis Bernstein Namier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Frederick_Pollock,_3rd_Baronet=Frederick Pollock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Napier,_10th_Lord_Napier=Francis Napier, X lord Napier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Horowitz=Paul Horowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Jean_Nathan=George Jean Nathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Jay_Kernis=Aaron Jay Kernis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P%C3%A1nfilo_de_Narv%C3%A1ez=Pánfilo de Narváez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Nathan=George Nathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Gabriel_Nathorst=Alfred Gabriel Nathorst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Morozov=Boris Ivanovič Morozov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nelson_(lawyer)=John Nelson (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_O'Brien=Larry O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Lachey=Nick Lachey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalal_Mughrabi=Dalal al-Maghribi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-S%C3%A9bastien_Le_Nain_de_Tillemont=Louis-Sébastien Le Nain de Tillemont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nkosi_Johnson=Nkosi Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyssa_Milano=Alyssa Milano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Claude_Beugnot=Jacques Claude Beugnot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Peek=Kim Peek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuone_Udaina=Tuone Udaina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_von_Montgelas=Maximilian von Montgelas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barnard=John Barnard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russ_Tamblyn=Russ Tamblyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Glau=Summer Glau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Ludwig_Abresch=Friedrich Ludwig Abresch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_O'Neill=Ed O'Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Teefy=Maureen Teefy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesley-Anne_Down=Lesley-Anne Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alois_Carigiet=Alois Carigiet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Chapman_Catt=Carrie Chapman Catt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Theodore_Newell=Edward Theodore Newell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truman_Handy_Newberry=Truman Handy Newberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Cary_Nicholas=Wilson Cary Nicholas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_George_Nicolay=John George Nicolay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Nicolet=Jean Nicolet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaime_King=Jaime King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Ursyn_Niemcewicz=Julian Niemcewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christophe_Plantin=Christophe Plantin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulietta_Simionato=Giulietta Simionato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_von_Trapp=Maria Augusta Trapp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galo_Plaza=Galo Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Finlay=William Henry Finlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_Ulysses_Browne=Maximilian Ulysses Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_F._I._Forbes=Alexander Forbes Irvine Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_Pobedonostsev=Konstantin Petrovič Pobedonoscev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Podoloff=Maurice Podoloff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Leonard_Johnson=Ernest Leonard Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuBose_Heyward=DuBose Heyward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Poinsot=Louis Poinsot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poliziano=Agnolo Poliziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Zhelyabov=Andrej Ivanovič Željabov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Bumbry=Grace Bumbry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_George_Wilson=Albert George Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosa_Ponselle=Rosa Ponselle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Pons=Lily Pons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Reinhold_Kreutzwald=Friedrich Reinhold Kreutzwald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pope-Hennessy=John Pope-Hennessy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Otto_Lampland=Carl Otto Lampland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Madison_Porter=James Madison Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Buell_Porter=Peter Buell Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Potgieter=Andries Potgieter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Potiorek=Oskar Potiorek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eug%C3%A8ne_Edine_Pottier=Eugène Pottier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_Purvis=Melvin Purvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Pugo=Boris Pugo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_Eupator=Tolomeo Eupatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Altamira_y_Crevea=Rafael Altamira y Crevea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Emmanuel_Bachmann=Werner Emmanuel Bachmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_Merkel=Una Merkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arna_Bontemps=Arna Bontemps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Bonsal=Stephen Bonsal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mady_Christians=Mady Christians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Alden_Carpenter=John Alden Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Revere=Anne Revere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Dix=Dorothy Dix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_D._Swift=Edward D. Swift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Ellsworth=Lincoln Ellsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Peter_Thiede=Carsten Peter Thiede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_G._Sargent=John Garibaldi Sargent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Delaunay=Charles Delaunay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_Joseph_Georges=Alphonse Georges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Jouvet=Louis Jouvet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Darwell=Jane Darwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Ross=Harold Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Van_Fleet=Jo Van Fleet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Valtin=Jan Valtin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egbert_Van_Alstyne=Egbert Van Alstyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyoshi_Umeki=Miyoshi Umeki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_August_Friedrich_Peters=Christian August Friedrich Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Tayler=Roger Tayler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceraunus=Cerauno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_Jennings=Humphrey Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Dennis=Sandy Dennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Strickland=Ted Strickland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Cilento=Diane Cilento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Boehner=John Boehner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Sheppard=Mel Sheppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_Keraunos=Tolomeo Cerauno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Ridley=Yvonne Ridley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regimantas_Adomaitis=Regimantas Adomaitis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nona_Gaprindashvili=Nona Terent'evna Gaprindašvili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_du_Guesclin=Bertrand du Guesclin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Horne=Barry Horne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Sarmiento_de_Gamboa=Pedro Sarmiento de Gamboa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Godfrey_(inventor)=Thomas Godfrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arie_de_Jong=Arie de Jong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Orikasa=Ai Orikasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_C._Sawyer=Thomas C. Sawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egberto_Gismonti=Egberto Gismonti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford_Meisner=Sanford Meisner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Vernon=Conrad Vernon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_J._Kaiser=Henry John Kaiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Westall=Richard Westall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristiina_Ojuland=Kristiina Ojuland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyd_Charisse=Cyd Charisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel,_comte_de_Montgomery=Gabriele I di Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Horn=Michelle Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teryl_Rothery=Teryl Rothery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Drummond=Ryan Drummond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estelle_Parsons=Estelle Parsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Grant=Lee Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_of_Milly=Stefania de Milly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Stapleton=Maureen Stapleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes_Ruehl=Mercedes Ruehl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showtaro_Morikubo=Shōtarō Morikubo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Schildkraut=Joseph Schildkraut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Knipperdolling=Bernhard Knipperdolling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mitchell_(actor)=Thomas Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larisa_Oleynik=Larisa Oleynik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Fourniret=Michel Fourniret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Byrne_(chess_player)=Robert Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Whitbread_Lee_Glaisher=James Whitbread Lee Glaisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronaldo_da_Costa=Ronaldo da Costa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Polanyi=Karl Polanyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Lowe_(athlete)=Douglas Lowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiram_Powers=Hiram Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Pozharsky=Dmitrij Michajlovič Požarskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Prado_Ugarteche=Manuel Prado Ugarteche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabella_Weir=Arabella Weir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Prescott=Samuel Prescott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Patton_Preston=James Patton Preston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Rethberg=Elisabeth Rethberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Moennig=Katherine Moennig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Pr%C3%A9vost=Marcel Prévost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Price_(chemist)=James Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Sofie_von_Otter=Anne Sofie von Otter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Primaticcio=Francesco Primaticcio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Propertius=Sesto Properzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Paul_Prud'hon=Pierre Paul Prud'hon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_French_Anderson=William French Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loni_Anderson=Loni Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_B._Anderson=Robert Bernard Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilles_Andriamahazo=Gilles Andriamahazo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_II_of_Vladimir=Andrea II di Vladimir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_of_Gorodets=Andrea III di Vladimir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_B%C3%A9thencourt=Jean de Béthencourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Andreotti=Giulio Andreotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Andrews=Harry Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Arthur_Ankrah=Joseph Arthur Ankrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_J._Tholen=David James Tholen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Florian,_Prince_of_Liechtenstein=Antonio Floriano del Liechtenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_von_Appel=Johann von Appel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timbuktu_(musician)=Timbuktu (artista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Apraksin=Fëdor Matveevič Apraksin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsuo_Sugano=Matsuo Sugano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadao_Sei=Sadao Sei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okuro_Oikawa=Okuro Oikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuo_Kubokawa=Kazuo Kubokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Aram=Eugene Aram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoru_Kizawa=Minoru Kizawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Carlo_Argan=Giulio Carlo Argan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristarchus_of_Samothrace=Aristarco di Samotracia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Argall=Samuel Argall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristophanes_of_Byzantium=Aristofane di Bisanzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiki_Kushida=Reiki Kushida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shun-ei_Izumikawa=Shun-ei Izumikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seidai_Miyasaka=Seidai Miyasaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumiaki_Uto=Fumiaki Uto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reubin_Askew=Reubin Askew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyotaka_Kanai=Kiyotaka Kanai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristijonas_Donelaitis=Kristijonas Donelaitis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Cialdini=Robert Cialdini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Leon=Abraham Léon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wartenberg=Robert Wartenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshihiko_Seki=Toshihiko Seki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassandra_Peterson=Cassandra Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilford_Brimley=Wilford Brimley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bopp=Thomas Bopp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Hale_(astronomer)=Alan Hale (astronomo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Solf=Wilhelm Solf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emi_Shinohara=Emi Shinohara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuriko_Yamaguchi_(voice_actress)=Yuriko Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Linkomies=Edwin Linkomies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susilo_Bambang_Yudhoyono=Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Roemer=Elizabeth Roemer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinando_Carulli=Ferdinando Carulli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roscellinus=Roscellino di Compiègne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Harron=Mary Harron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Scott_Archer=Frederick Scott Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Corll=Dean Corll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Denke=Karl Denke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Torres_Jurado=Antonio de Torres Jurado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Erasmus_A%C3%9Fmann=Hans Assmann von Abschatz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Quasthoff=Thomas Quasthoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Pilgrim=Paul Pilgrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Clash=Kevin Clash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_V%C3%A1zquez_de_Ayll%C3%B3n=Lucas Vázquez de Ayllón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Chepchumba=Joyce Chepchumba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvatore_Ferragamo=Salvatore Ferragamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Boillot=Georges Boillot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaisance_of_Antioch=Piacenza di Antiochia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_van_Artevelde=Philip van Artevelde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sholem_Asch=Sholem Asch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Ndereba=Catherine Ndereba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlieb_von_Jagow=Gottlieb von Jagow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Ludwig_Jahn=Friedrich Ludwig Jahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldo_Nadi=Aldo Nadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Lemuel_James=Thomas Lemuel James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_George_Jansen=Ernest Jansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarir_ibn_Atiyah=Jarir ibn Atiyya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuya_Iwanaga=Tetsuya Iwanaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_of_Riga=Alberto di Riga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gioachino_Greco=Gioachino Greco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junko_Iwao=Junko Iwao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Baulch=Jamie Baulch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piotr_Jaroszewicz=Piotr Jaroszewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Cronauer=Adrian Cronauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Moore_(actor)=Stephen Moore (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darren_Campbell=Darren Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Jenko=Simon Jenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Jenson=Nicolas Jenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nott=John Nott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_de_Mello_Breyner_Andresen=Sophia de Mello Breyner Andresen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Laborit=Henri Laborit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Di_Paola=Andrea Di Paola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Cattani=Gabriele Cattani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Ashenfelter=Horace Ashenfelter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Chiavenna=Paolo Chiavenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_W._Hergenrother=Carl W. Hergenrother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Han=Keiko Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Boyd_(actor)=William Boyd (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigehisa_Fujikawa=Shigehisa Fujikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Ogata=Megumi Ogata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michie_Tomizawa=Michie Tomizawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Toyoguchi=Megumi Toyoguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akihiko_Tago=Akihiko Tago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Crisp=Donald Crisp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milo_Parker_Jewett=Milo Parker Jewett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Jewell=Marshall Jewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matth%C3%ADas_Jochumsson=Matthías Jochumsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_I_of_Sweden=Giovanni I di Svezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Batten=Jean Batten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Joseph_Bonnaterre=Pierre Joseph Bonnaterre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doreen_Valiente=Doreen Valiente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Austria_the_Younger=Giovanni d'Austria (1629-1679)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_%C3%81vila=Giovanni d'Avila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Leiden=Giovanni di Leida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_L._Peters=James Lee Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Johnson_(Virginia_politician)=Joseph Johnson (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mal_Whitfield=Mal Whitfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tito_Schipa=Tito Schipa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odette_Bancilhon=Odette Bancilhon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriarch_Justinian_of_Romania=Justinian Marina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M%C3%B3r_J%C3%B3kai=Mór Jókai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Nepomuk_Karl,_Prince_of_Liechtenstein=Giovanni Nepomuceno Carlo del Liechtenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Wenzel_I,_Prince_of_Liechtenstein=Giuseppe Venceslao del Liechtenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Joubert=Joseph Joubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Huish=Justin Huish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemisia_Gentileschi=Artemisia Gentileschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maironis=Maironis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Heflin=Van Heflin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ant%C3%B3nio_Ramalho_Eanes=António Ramalho Eanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Coburn=Charles Coburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Peter_Eckermann=Johann-Peter Eckermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Doubell=Ralph Doubell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marian_Wright_Edelman=Marian Wright Edelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_A._Egan=William Allen Egan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Wottle=Dave Wottle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Holmes=Kelly Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Beckett,_1st_Baron_Grimthorpe=Edmund Beckett, I barone Grimthorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Beckett,_2nd_Baron_Grimthorpe=Ernest Beckett, II barone Grimthorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lori_Petty=Lori Petty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_R._Viscome=George R. Viscome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianluca_Masi=Gianluca Masi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_J._Garradd=Gordon J. Garradd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_K._Chesney=Dennis K. Chesney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Raines=Tim Raines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doreen_Mantle=Doreen Mantle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Dunn=Katherine Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Pierpoint=Eric Pierpoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Dante=Michael Dante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandolfo_Petrucci=Pandolfo Petrucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Petrus_Berlage=Hendrik Petrus Berlage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umberto_Cassuto=Umberto Cassuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hughes_(critic)=Robert Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodney_Frelinghuysen=Rodney Frelinghuysen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Furst=Alan Furst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Hoyle=Edmond Hoyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Argentinita=La Argentinita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karita_Mattila=Karita Mattila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shintaro_Katsu=Shintarō Katsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Bailey=Pearl Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Balmain=Pierre Balmain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violeta_G._Ivanova=Violeta G. Ivanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hartley_(the_Younger)=David Hartley il giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Wilson_(author)=Ian Wilson (saggista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ono_no_Komachi=Ono no Komachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stubby_Kaye=Stubby Kaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Modena=Guglielmo di Modena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elipando=Elipando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Benton_Elkins=Stephen Benton Elkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Dunn_(actor)=James Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_J._Ellender=Allen J. Ellender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_John_Ellis=Alexander John Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Gwenn=Edmund Gwenn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_El-Registan=Gabriel El-Registan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mischa_Elman=Mischa Elman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Jagger=Dean Jagger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Crowninshield_Endicott=William Crowninshield Endicott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_O'Brien=Edmond O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_English=Diane English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Griffith=Hugh Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Chakiris=George Chakiris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Begley=Ed Begley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferenc_Erkel=Ferenc Erkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_von_Waldersee=Alfred von Waldersee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_I,_Landgrave_of_Hesse=Enrico I d'Assia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giles_Fletcher=Giles Fletcher il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John_Greer_Ervine=St. John Greer Ervine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Lee_Lucas=Henry Lee Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gig_Young=Gig Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldomero_Espartero,_Prince_of_Vergara=Baldomero Espartero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Penn_(Royal_Navy_officer)=William Penn (ammiraglio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Espy=Mike Espy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Henric_von_Essen=Hans Henric von Essen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darvis_Patton=Darvis Patton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Taglioni=Maria Taglioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Young=Jerome Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Smith_O'Brien=William Smith O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nichita_St%C4%83nescu=Nichita Stănescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Burnett_(director)=Charles Burnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalid_Khannouchi=Khalid Khannouchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Fabricius=Johannes Fabricius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Ritter_von_Zeissberg=Heinrich Ritter von Zeissberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Theakston=Will Theakston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Antoine_Fauvelet_de_Bourrienne=Louis Antoine Fauvelet de Bourrienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Filangieri=Carlo Filangieri, principe di Satriano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Draeseke=Felix Draeseke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronislava_Nijinska=Bronislava Fominična Nižinskaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imre_Frivaldszky=Imre Frivaldszky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Addinsell=Richard Addinsell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Scheiner=Christoph Scheiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Eulalius=Antipapa Eulalio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Evans_(actor)=Maurice Evans (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonah_Sharp=Jonah Sharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Ewald=Johannes Ewald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derartu_Tulu=Derartu Tulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._James_Exon=J. James Exon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezzelino_III_da_Romano=Ezzelino III da Romano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Zoritch=George Zoritch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Efrem_Zimbalist=Efrem Zimbalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joybubbles=Joybubbles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_May_Wong=Anna May Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Pantoja=Antonia Pantojas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_V%C3%A1clav_Myslbek=Josef Václav Myslbek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Harris=Jonathan Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Cokes=Curtis Cokes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenda_Blethyn=Brenda Blethyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Narita=Ken Narita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mika_Doi=Mika Doi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristander=Aristandro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Kretzmer=Herbert Kretzmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Tindemans=Leo Tindemans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrtle_Corbin=Myrtle Corbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_and_Violet_Hilton=Daisy e Violet Hilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Rathbone=Eleanor Rathbone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Auberson=Jean-Marie Auberson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Pigozzi=Enrico Teodoro Pigozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Russell_(politician)=Michael Russell (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Jump=Jimmy Jump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierina_Legnani=Pierina Legnani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Fosse=Jon Fosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahnun_bin_Shakhbut_Al_Nahyan=Tahnun bin Shakhbut Al Nahyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennox_Sebe=Lennox Sebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertran_de_Born=Bertran de Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Raspail=Jean Raspail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Irwin=May Irwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Bollettieri=Nick Bollettieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Newburgh=Guglielmo di Newburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dervla_Kirwan=Dervla Kirwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Friedrich_Ernst_Bach=Wilhelm Friedrich Ernst Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Oetker=August Oetker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rustam_Kasimdzhanov=Rustam Qosimjonov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Brown_(naturalist)=Thomas Brown (naturalista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Br%C3%BCnnow=Franz Brünnow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Boone=Richard Boone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_McGinnity=Joe McGinnity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Albo=Joseph Albo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasdai_Crescas=Hasdai Crescas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Blaeu=Willem Blaeu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bond=Michael Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otfried_Preu%C3%9Fler=Otfried Preussler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaime_Pressly=Jaime Pressly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roark_Critchlow=Roark Critchlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epicharmus_of_Kos=Epicarmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_II_Jordan=Guglielmo Giordano di Cerdanya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Evans=Rupert Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bentley_(botanist)=Robert Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Beran=Rudolf Beran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Schlamme=Thomas Schlamme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Graham=Lauren Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celsus=Celso (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karel_Dillen=Karel Dillen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leroy_Bach=Leroy Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Roth=Klaus Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Trepov=Aleksandr Fëdorovič Trepov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Golitsyn=Nikolaj Dmitrievič Golicyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lokendra_Bahadur_Chand=Lokendra Bahadur Chand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Borg=Joe Borg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Shelvocke=George Shelvocke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Stanbery=Henry Stanberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_(parrot)=Alex (pappagallo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Harington_(writer)=John Harington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Barlach=Ernst Barlach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_B._Stanley=Thomas Bahnson Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Sundquist=Don Sundquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Pruvot-Fol=Alice Pruvot-Fol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Alexander,_1st_Earl_of_Stirling=William Alexander, I conte di Stirling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_bin_Shakhbut_Al_Nahyan=Muhammad bin Shakhbut Al Nahyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefanos_Stefanopoulos=Stefanos Stefanopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilhjalmur_Stefansson=Vilhjalmur Stefansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_Tucker=Forrest Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Jackson=Colin Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Murphy_(writer)=Pat Murphy (scrittrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stephens_(author)=James Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_II_of_Jerusalem=Giovanni I di Cipro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tebbutt=John Tebbutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Kawamura=Maria Kawamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rei_Sakuma=Rei Sakuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Hendrik_van_den_Bos=Willem Hendrik van den Bos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Edwin_Wood=Harry Edwin Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_II_of_Jerusalem=Enrico II di Cipro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebenezer_R._Hoar=Ebenezer Rockwood Hoar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Dupuytren=Guillaume Dupuytren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Karl_Wilhelm_Hermann_Karsten=Hermann Karsten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Geddes=Anne Geddes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitof=Pitof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arif_Mardin=Arif Mardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Abrahams=Peter Abrahams (scrittore sudafricano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Smeaton=Mark Smeaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M%C3%A1rio_Pinto_de_Andrade=Mário Pinto de Andrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Marais=Marin Marais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_McKenna=Joseph McKenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucia,_Countess_of_Tripoli=Lucia di Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orestes_(father_of_Romulus_Augustulus)=Flavio Oreste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodovico_Grossi_da_Viadana=Lodovico Grossi da Viadana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volusianus=Volusiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Ling=James Ling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffin_Bell=Griffin Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Levine=Ted Levine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Barsi=Judith Barsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norio_Wakamoto=Norio Wakamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasdi_Merbah=Kasdi Merbah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haruna_Ikezawa=Haruna Ikezawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasunori_Matsumoto=Yasunori Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukana=Yukana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siri_Hustvedt=Siri Hustvedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Ressel=Josef Ressel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisashi_Kimura=Hisashi Kimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lee_(politician)=David Lee (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Deza=Diego de Deza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_A._Williams=Anthony Williams (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ercole_Dembowski=Ercole Dembowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Knox=Robert Knox (chirurgo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Agostini=Carlo Agostini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Alda=Frances Alda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphus_Busch=Adolphus Busch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Bernacchi=Louis Bernacchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carsten_Borchgrevink=Carsten Borchgrevink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Bely=Andrej Belyj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigeberht_of_Wessex=Sigeberto del Wessex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Stevenson=Parker Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuthred_of_Wessex=Cuthred di Wessex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Main=Robert Main
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idina_Menzel=Idina Menzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Busch=Adolf Busch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cobb_(racing_driver)=John Cobb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_J._C._Atkinson=Richard Atkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JoBeth_Williams=JoBeth Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesses_IV=Ramses IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setnakhte=Sethnakht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesses_VIII=Ramses VIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Abdallah=Ahmed Abdallah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfredo_Fanti=Manfredo Fanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimo_d'Azeglio=Massimo d'Azeglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Jarrett=Tony Jarrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksei_Chirikov=Aleksej Il'ič Čirikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onegesius=Onegesio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Foster_(hurdler)=Greg Foster (atleta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luciano_Laurana=Luciano Laurana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehboob_Khan=Mehboob Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yusuke_Hagihara=Yusuke Hagihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Edwards_Walker=Mary Edwards Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greta_Scacchi=Greta Scacchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Stradella=Alessandro Stradella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pasquin=John Pasquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Dimon=Jamie Dimon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Artorius_Castus=Lucio Artorio Casto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noli_de_Castro=Noli de Castro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Feininger=Andreas Feininger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Gould=Morton Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giya_Kancheli=Giya Kancheli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Carvalhas=Carlos Carvalhas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._C._Mardrus=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Dance-Holland=Nathaniel Dance-Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Chapman_(shipwright)=Richard Chapman (carpentiere)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_Ferro_Rodrigues=Eduardo Ferro Rodrigues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Merriman=Brian Merriman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenau_Simonsdochter_Hasselaer=Kenau Simonsdochter Hasselaer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Litke=Fëdor Petrovič Litke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ackford=Paul Ackford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Rutherford=Ann Rutherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_von_Wrangel=Ferdinand Petrovič Vrangel'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Meillet=Antoine Meillet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89mile_Benveniste=Émile Benveniste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caramuru=Caramuru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Tyler=Judy Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_McGurn=Jack McGurn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_Reventlow=Lance Reventlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blair_Underwood=Blair Underwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Hutton=Barbara Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlo_Thomas=Marlo Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sturge_Moore=Thomas Sturge Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Carey=Philip Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Diller_Matthew=William Diller Matthew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Zaisser=Wilhelm Zaisser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irina_Khakamada=Irina Mucuovna Chakamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumihiko_Tachiki=Fumihiko Tachiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casper_Van_Dien=Casper Van Dien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_Lehmann=Lotte Lehmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iestyn_ap_Gwrgant=Iestyn ab Gwrgant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horatio_Parker=Horatio Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Larman=Craig Larman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumiko_Kobayashi=Yumiko Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikako_Takahashi=Mikako Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenichi_Ogata_(voice_actor)=Ken'ichi Ogata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirotaka_Suzuoki=Hirotaka Suzuoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvert_Vaux=Calvert Vaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saeko_Shimazu=Saeko Shimazu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natsuko_Kuwatani=Natsuko Kuwatani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Whitefield_Chadwick=George Whitefield Chadwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomomichi_Nishimura=Tomomichi Nishimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin-ichiro_Miki=Shin'ichirō Miki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takehito_Koyasu=Takehito Koyasu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Hiramatsu=Akiko Hiramatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._E._Wilder-Smith=Arthur Ernest Wilder-Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motomu_Kiyokawa=Motomu Kiyokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_McRae=Frank McRae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumiko_Nishihara=Kumiko Nishihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Schneider_(screen_actor)=John Schneider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Johnson=Lionel Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_Lloyd=Sabrina Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christophe_Beck=Christophe Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Raine=Kathleen Raine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jure_Franko=Jure Franko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Ambundii=Johannes Ambundii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid%C3%B3nio_Pais=Sidónio Pais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Martinet=André Martinet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Moreau=Jeanne Moreau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Yale=Frankie Yale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Stinnes=Hugo Stinnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Stock=Frederick Stock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Fluegelman=Andrew Fluegelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Brooks=Richard Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Lockhart=June Lockhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miou-Miou=Miou-Miou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giancarlo_De_Carlo=Giancarlo De Carlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamiko_Noto=Mamiko Noto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Iizuka=Mayumi Iizuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Arkhangelsky=Andrej Dmitrievič Archangel'skij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Tweed=Shannon Tweed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Antoine_Lissajous=Jules Antoine Lissajous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Wright=Cliff Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._van_de_Sande_Bakhuyzen=H. G. van de Sande Bakhuyzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Linnell_(painter)=John Linnell (pittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_J._Chassell=Robert J. Chassell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_Smith=Calvin Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diodotus_II=Diodoto II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mustafa_Barzani=Mustafa Barzani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gaynes=George Gaynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Lawrence=Matthew Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilli_Gruber=Lilli Gruber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldemar_Pawlak=Waldemar Pawlak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Franklin=Bonnie Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wetmore_Story=William Wetmore Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernand_Baldet=Fernand Baldet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garci_Rodr%C3%ADguez_de_Montalvo=Garci Rodríguez de Montalvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradimir_Smudja=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuzo_Takada=Yuzo Takada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danilo_I,_Prince_of_Montenegro=Danilo I del Montenegro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._P._Guilford=Joy Paul Guilford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Straus=Nathan Straus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Bianchini=Francesco Bianchini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry_Conlon=Gerard Conlon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Streeruwitz=Ernst Streeruwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barnes_(computer_scientist)=John Barnes (informatico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Schmieder=Wolfgang Schmieder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Berngardovich_Struve=Pëtr Berngardovič Struve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ledwell_Taylor=George Ledwell Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Kleindienst=Richard Kleindienst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anselmo_Lorenzo=Anselmo Lorenzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H%C3%A5kan_Nesser=Håkan Nesser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Arngrim=Alison Arngrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gena_Lee_Nolin=Gena Lee Nolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Ann_Garner=Peggy Ann Garner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Whiteley=Jon Whiteley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Jandl=Ivan Jandl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_O'Brien=Margaret O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Driscoll=Bobby Driscoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_O'Rourke=Heather O'Rourke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayley_Mills=Hayley Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Temple=Shirley Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Hulot=Nicolas Hulot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Linklater=Richard Linklater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_von_Holstein=Friedrich August von Holstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gil_Elvgren=Gil Elvgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Holloway=Sterling Holloway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Coscarelli=Don Coscarelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mancham=James Mancham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Helfritz=Hans Helfritz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommaso_Salvadori=Tommaso Salvadori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Black=Roger Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_%C5%A0tursa=Jan Štursa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Sturm=Johannes Sturm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subh-i-Azal=Ṣubḥ-i Azal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Ernst_Jablonski=Daniel Ernst Jablonski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_H%C3%A9buterne=Jeanne Hébuterne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenichi_Sonoda=Ken'ichi Sonoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%A9opold_Zborowski=Léopold Zborowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd_al-Rahman_al-Bazzaz=Abd al-Rahman al-Bazzaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_Suchocka=Hanna Suchocka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Jacini=Stefano Jacini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hicks_(athlete)=Thomas Hicks (atleta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Cialdini=Enrico Cialdini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasquale_Stanislao_Mancini=Pasquale Stanislao Mancini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_de_Lourdes_Pintasilgo=Maria de Lourdes Pintasilgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Laure_de_Noailles=Marie-Laure de Noailles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Nicotera=Giovanni Nicotera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Felice_Nicolis,_conte_di_Robilant=Carlo Felice Nicolis, conte di Robilant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costantino_Nigra=Costantino Nigra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_McKeon=Nancy McKeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Gioberti=Vincenzo Gioberti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Ferri=Luigi Ferri (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Khalifman=Aleksandr Valer'evič Chalifman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Rosmini-Serbati=Antonio Rosmini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostino_Magliani=Agostino Magliani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Saracco=Giuseppe Saracco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sully=Thomas Sully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Friedrich_Wilhelm_Jacobs=Friedrich Jacobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristotele_Fioravanti=Aristotele Fioravanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon_Sundback=Gideon Sundbäck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Lefebvre=Jean Lefebvre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Susanin=Ivan Susanin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Stephen_Finsen=William Stephen Finsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Ozon=François Ozon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_de_Warenne,_7th_Earl_of_Surrey=Giovanni de Warenne, VI conte di Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginevra_de'_Benci=Ritratto di Ginevra de' Benci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_March=Jane March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvio_Santos=Silvio Santos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Fields=Kim Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Mattheson=Johann Mattheson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kana_Ueda=Kana Ueda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomokazu_Sugita=Tomokazu Sugita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Sergent=Bernard Sergent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motoko_Kumai=Motoko Kumai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junichi_Suwabe=Jun'ichi Suwabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Farina=Dennis Farina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumiko_Watanabe=Kumiko Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akio_Suyama=Akio Suyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiichi_Nanba=Keiichi Nanba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuhiko_Inoue=Kazuhiko Inoue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuki_Matsuoka=Yuki Matsuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumiko_Orikasa=Fumiko Orikasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romi_Park=Romi Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertram_Goodhue=Bertram Goodhue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankhesenamun=Ankhesenamon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Coutts=Russell Coutts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eberhard_August_Wilhelm_von_Zimmermann=Eberhard August Wilhelm von Zimmermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivananda_Saraswati=Shivananda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Shamansky=Bob Shamansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_L._Devine=Samuel Devine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gian_Giacomo_Medici=Gian Giacomo Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Cullen=Peter Cullen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_of_Nassau=Luigi di Nassau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindy_Cohn=Mindy Cohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Hyppolite=Jean Hyppolite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Thornberry=Mac Thornberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvette_Guilbert=Yvette Guilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_White=Pearl White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Newell_(director)=Mike Newell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Beckmann=Johann Beckmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Dubas=Marie Dubas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C%C3%A9lestin_Bougl%C3%A9=Célestin Bouglé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Rhoden=George Rhoden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miriam_Margolyes=Miriam Margolyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sverker_II_of_Sweden=Sverker II di Svezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_VII_of_Sweden=Carlo VII di Svezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Earp=Morgan Earp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Hill_(athlete)=Albert Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_II_of_Cyprus=Ugo II di Cipro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bimbisara=Bimbisāra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arp_Schnitger=Arp Schnitger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dedan_Kimathi=Dedan Kimathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meredith_Baxter=Meredith Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Sollers=Philippe Sollers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Siegelman=Don Siegelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Smart=Amy Smart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Korda=Alberto Korda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Johan_Semb=Nils Johan Semb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_RavenWolf=Silver Ravenwolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Menzies=Archibald Menzies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Spruce=Richard Spruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natan_Sharansky=Natan Sharansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ereng=Paul Ereng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Tanui=William Tanui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophytes=Sofite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr%C3%A9d%C3%A9ric-Louis_Allamand=Frédéric-Louis Allamand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Palissy=Bernard Palissy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_K._Guy=Richard K. Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Houblon=John Houblon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Speirs_Bruce=William Speirs Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Southwell_(Jesuit)=Robert Southwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Richardson_(actor)=John Richardson (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josep_Borrell=Josep Borrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hertz=Robert Hertz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Liddle=Rod Liddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Edward_Wagner=Karl Edward Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Scholl_(astronomer)=Hans Scholl (astronomo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Herz=Henri Herz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaled_bin_Ouda_bin_Mohammed_al-Harbi=Khaled al-Harbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hyrcanus=Giovanni Ircano I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_T%C3%A9llez-Gir%C3%B3n,_3rd_Duke_of_Osuna=Pedro Téllez-Girón, III duca di Osuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Paul_Gaimard=Joseph Paul Gaimard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Ren%C3%A9_Constant_Quoy=Jean René Constant Quoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Richardson=Patricia Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Sullivan_(United_States_Navy)=John Lawrence Sullivan (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Warner=Deborah Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemma_Jones=Gemma Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Petty=George Petty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fra_Mauro=Fra Mauro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar%C3%ADa_Sabina=María Sabina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Salmeron=Alfonso Salmerón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Gingold=Josef Gingold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dance_the_Elder=George Dance il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Isidore_Duperrey=Louis Isidore Duperrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Shearly_Cripps=Arthur Shearly Cripps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Rono=Peter Rono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Bobrowski=Johannes Bobrowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves-Joseph_de_Kerguelen-Tr%C3%A9marec=Yves Joseph de Kerguelen-Trémarec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Guillaume_Brugui%C3%A8re=Jean-Guillaume Bruguière
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Achenwall=Gottfried Achenwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Achtschellinck=Lucas Achtschellinck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Eriksson=Henry Eriksson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valens_Acidalius=Valtin Havenkenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_Acker=Johann Heinrich Acker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaclyn_Smith=Jaclyn Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Ruge=Arnold Ruge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Rockefeller=Michael Rockefeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Rollins=Howard Rollins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cazale=John Cazale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvia_Colloca=Silvia Colloca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastiano_Serlio=Sebastiano Serlio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaetano_Filangieri=Gaetano Filangieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guglielmo_Pepe=Guglielmo Pepe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Narcisse_Gu%C3%A9rin=Pierre-Narcisse Guérin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Regnault=Jean-Baptiste Regnault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witold_Pilecki=Witold Pilecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Culpeper=Thomas Culpeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bennett_(athlete)=Charles Bennett (atleta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Rowell=Victoria Rowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joely_Richardson=Joely Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Sv%C4%9Br%C3%A1k=Jan Svěrák
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsuya_Okada=Katsuya Okada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Ishiba=Shigeru Ishiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garcilaso_de_la_Vega_(poet)=Garcilaso de la Vega (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_Tylo=Hunter Tylo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jami_Gertz=Jami Gertz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Miller=Frederick Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasil_Levski=Vasil Levski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miina_Tominaga=Mīna Tominaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Kline=Morris Kline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Stafford_(astronomer)=Tom Stafford (astronomo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Rappaport=David Rappaport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefka_Kostadinova=Stefka Kostadinova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Armat=Thomas Armat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Messter=Oskar Messter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fay_Weldon=Fay Weldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauri_Lehtinen=Lauri Lehtinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrado_Parducci=Corrado Parducci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Ribisi=Giovanni Ribisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sverker_I_of_Sweden=Sverker I di Svezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Sverdrup=Otto Sverdrup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Richard_Delalande=Michel-Richard Delalande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrett_Hedlund=Garrett Hedlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_A._Swanson=Claude Augustus Swanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakima_Canutt=Yakima Canutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Veidt=Conrad Veidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hesseman=Howard Hesseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Tylo=Michael Tylo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberlin_Brown=Kimberlin Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Watkins=Peter Watkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Hamacher=Werner Hamacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darren_Star=Darren Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Nojima=Kenji Nojima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Schein=Johann Hermann Schein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Scheidemann=Heinrich Scheidemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiyuki_Morikawa=Toshiyuki Morikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_de_Certeau=Michel de Certeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwame_Kwei-Armah=Kwame Kwei-Armah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Pleshette=Suzanne Pleshette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Swope=Gerard Swope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrietta_Szold=Henrietta Szold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Healey_Dall=William Healey Dall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghazi_al-Jabali=Ghazi al-Jabali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaume_Plensa=Jaume Plensa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michal_Viewegh=Michal Viewegh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaroslav_Rudi%C5%A1=Jaroslav Rudiš
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luiz_Gonzaga=Luiz Gonzaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tankred_Dorst=Tankred Dorst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Lef%C3%A8vre_d'%C3%89taples=Jacques Lefèvre d'Étaples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Oswald_Ahnert=Paul Oswald Ahnert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phineas_Fletcher=Phineas Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Farel=Guillaume Farel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Xaver_Kroetz=Franz Xaver Kroetz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Schul=Bob Schul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Dassin=Jules Dassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Doggett=Lloyd Doggett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Brussig=Thomas Brussig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B6rg_Fauser=Jörg Fauser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Pisarev=Dmitrij Ivanovič Pisarev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Kant=Hermann Kant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Fontana=Francesco Fontana (scienziato)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernie_Hudson=Ernie Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Frederick_Gale=Walter Frederick Gale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Gorshin=Frank Gorshin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Thinnes=Roy Thinnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Hart=Dorothy Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Carey_(actor)=Harry Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasudeva_I=Vasudeva I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M%C3%A4dchen_Amick=Mädchen Amick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maribel_Guardia=Maribel Guardia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Trovoada=Miguel Trovoada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_J._Pakula=Alan J. Pakula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Walker=Rebecca Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeo_Montagna=Bartolomeo Montagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Jackson_Montague=Andrew Jackson Montague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismael_Montes=Ismael Montes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Monteverde=Giulio Monteverde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolfo_Biagi=Rodolfo Biagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_de_Montfaucon=Bernard de Montfaucon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr%C3%A9d%C3%A9ric_de_Lafresnaye=Frédéric de Lafresnaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Monti=Vincenzo Monti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerbert_de_Montreuil=Gerbert de Montreuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Baptiste_Antoine_Auget_de_Montyon=Jean Baptiste Antoine Auget de Montyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Marie_Boutet=Jacques Marie Boutet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatole_de_Monzie=Anatole de Monzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moody_(financial_analyst)=John Moody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Moody_(inventor)=Paul Moody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Petit=Jean-Pierre Petit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Moody=William Henry Moody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Moraes=Francisco de Moraes Cabral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_de_Morales=Luis de Morales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Mordkin=Mikhail Mordkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Morelli=Giovanni Morelli (storico dell'arte)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesare_Ricotti-Magnani=Cesare Francesco Ricotti-Magnani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lycurgus_of_Sparta=Licurgo di Atene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Graf_von_Haugwitz=Christian von Haugwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_Davies=Lane Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Cole=Margaret Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Louis,_Prince_of_Hohenlohe-Ingelfingen=Federico Luigi di Hohenlohe-Ingelfingen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Gillot=Claude Gillot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Jouvenet=Jean Jouvenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Reiff=Gaston Reiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Higson=Charlie Higson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Coysevox=Antoine Coysevox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Egon_of_F%C3%BCrstenberg=Franz Egon von Fürstenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Egon_of_F%C3%BCrstenberg=Wilhelm Egon von Fürstenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Coustou_the_Elder=Guillaume Coustou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Puget=Pierre Puget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulpicius_Alexander=Sulpicio Alessandro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constant_Troyon=Constant Troyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Gustafsson=Lars Gustafsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Harpignies=Henri Harpignies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narcisse_Virgilio_D%C3%ADaz=Narcisse Diaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Dupr%C3%A9=Jules Dupré
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Percival_Postgate=J. P. Postgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Albert=Eddie Albert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaes_Maes=Nicolaes Maes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Langbridge_Morgan=Charles Langbridge Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Rayet=Georges Rayet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wolf_(astronomer)=Charles Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidhu_Vinod_Chopra=Vidhu Vinod Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yash_Chopra=Yash Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prem_Chopra=Prem Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldev_Raj_Chopra=Baldev Raj Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priyanka_Chopra=Priyanka Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evagoras_I=Evagora I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Skinner=Quentin Skinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Jameson=Louise Jameson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Eustache=Jean Eustache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Brand=Adolf Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roderic=Roderico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Voigt_(athlete)=Emil Voigt (mezzofondista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois-Louis_Fran%C3%A7ais=François-Louis Français
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meindert_Hobbema=Meindert Hobbema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Casiraghi=Charlotte Casiraghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaes_Pieterszoon_Berchem=Nicolaes Berchem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Weenix=Jan Weenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allaert_van_Everdingen=Allart van Everdingen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Seixas=Carlos Seixas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_van_Everdingen=Caesar van Everdingen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junius_Spencer_Morgan=Junius Spencer Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludolf_Bakhuizen=Ludolf Bakhuizen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aert_van_der_Neer=Aert van der Neer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greville_Wynne=Greville Wynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Goltzius=Hendrick Goltzius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_van_Honthorst=Gerard van Honthorst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_von_Sandrart=Joachim von Sandrart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Davidsz._de_Heem=Jan Davidsz. de Heem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Schirrmann=Richard Schirrmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Biermann=Ludwig Biermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gatenby_Bolton=John Gatenby Bolton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Bredikhin=Fëdor Aleksandrovič Bredichin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herodian=Erodiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Kortner=Fritz Kortner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollonius_Dyscolus=Apollonio Discolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaeus=Iseo (oratore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Morlacchi=Francesco Morlacchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Taylor=Edward Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Morris=Glenn Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_III,_Countess_of_Flanders=Margherita III delle Fiandre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Morton=Paul Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C4%90ura_Jak%C5%A1i%C4%87=Đura Jakšić
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignaz_Moscheles=Ignaz Moscheles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Heenan_(cardinal)=John Carmel Heenan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Moser=Johann Jakob Moser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Gargallo=Pablo Gargallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Augustus_Pope=Albert Augustus Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Flanders=Walter Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuben_Chapman=Reuben Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Winston=John Anthony Winston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_W._Collier=Henry Watkins Collier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyotsugu_Hirayama=Kiyotsugu Hirayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin_Hirayama=Shin Hirayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issei_Yamamoto=Issei Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Parajanov=Sergej Iosifovič Paradžanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Louis_Roederer=Pierre-Louis Roederer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Chubbuck=Christine Chubbuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aelius_Herodianus=Elio Erodiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issei_Futamata=Issei Futamata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakiko_Tamagawa=Sakiko Tamagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Bruni_d'Entrecasteaux=Antoine Bruni d'Entrecasteaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Kasahara=Hiroko Kasahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_Gammoudi=Mohamed Gammoudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miruts_Yifter=Miruts Yifter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christian_Daniel_von_Schreber=Johann Christian Daniel von Schreber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7oise_Dorl%C3%A9ac=Françoise Dorléac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Maria_Ferreira_de_Castro=José Maria Ferreira de Castro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Ross=Marion Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Wurtz=Francis Wurtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Tassoni=Alessandro Tassoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dieter_Baumann=Dieter Baumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Thomas_Barlow,_1st_Baronet=Thomas Barlow (medico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien-Henri_de_Jussieu=Adrien-Henri de Jussieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Callixtus_III=Antipapa Callisto III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Clement_VIII=Antipapa Clemente VIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilmari_Salminen=Ilmari Salminen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Gregory_VIII=Antipapa Gregorio VIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Dioscorus=Antipapa Dioscuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Clement_III=Antipapa Clemente III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristide_Bruant=Aristide Bruant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_B%C3%A9art=Guy Béart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Goulue=Louise Weber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Wild=Jonathan Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elfi_von_Dassanowsky=Elfi von Dassanowsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Dowling=Bridget Dowling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Warner=Alan Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Hubert=Henri Hubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Hitler=Angela Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praskovia_Kovalyova-Zhemchugova=Praskov'ja Ivanovna Kovaleva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyacinthe_Klos%C3%A9=Hyacinthe Klosé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvador_de_Madariaga=Salvador de Madariaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Leo_Herlihy=James Leo Herlihy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Adler=Stella Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Gleason=Joanna Gleason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Young_(musician)=Steve Young (musicista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dora_Bakoyannis=Ntora Mpakogiannī
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guccio_Gucci=Guccio Gucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leamon_King=Leamon King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Pinget=Robert Pinget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Meier=Eduard Albert Meier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lester_Allan_Pelton=Lester Allan Pelton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_Hathaway=Noah Hathaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Theodor_Albrecht=Karl Theodor Albrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Petrov_(writer)=Evgenij Petrovič Petrov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essie_Davis=Essie Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letty_Aronson=Letty Aronson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Sheremetev=Nikolaj Petrovič Šeremetev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Watkins=Sid Watkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Langlais=Jean Langlais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_MacNeice=Louis MacNeice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Raye=Martha Raye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sessue_Hayakawa=Sessue Hayakawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vic_Tayback=Vic Tayback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Torres_(astronomer)=Carlos Torres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hashem_Aghajari=Hashem Aghajari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Falgui%C3%A8re=Alexandre Falguière
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Savage_(actor)=John Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Lavin=Linda Lavin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muriel_Box=Muriel Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_de_Sanctis=Giovanni De Sanctis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_S._Holden=Edward Singleton Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Moser_(actor)=Hans Moser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeneas_Tacticus=Enea Tattico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbas_el-Akkad=Abbas el-Aqqad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eberhard_of_Franconia=Eberardo di Franconia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandaryna=Mandaryna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andre_Braugher=Andre Braugher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiko_Sakakibara=Yoshiko Sakakibara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideyuki_Tanaka=Hideyuki Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Aono=Takeshi Aono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laird_Hamilton=Laird Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Box=Sydney Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuko_Uchida=Mitsuko Uchida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Bolotnikov=Pëtr Bolotnikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel_Liais=Emmanuel Liais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._O._Bentley=Walter Owen Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Wolde=Million Wolde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takayoshi_Yoshioka=Takayoshi Yoshioka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naftali_Temu=Naftali Temu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Cova=Alberto Cova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Pollan=Tracy Pollan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Paul_Franklin=Joseph Paul Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brahim_Boutayeb=Brahim Boutayeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunetto_Latini=Brunetto Latini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Mumma=Gordon Mumma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgy_Chicherin=Georgij Vasil'evič Čičerin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Tillman=Henry Tillman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_S._Morse=Edward Sylvester Morse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Hochw%C3%A4lder=Fritz Hochwälder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Whitmire=Steve Whitmire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Eekhoud=Georges Eekhoud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Yallop=David Yallop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacek_Saryusz-Wolski=Jacek Saryusz-Wolski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixie_Dean=Dixie Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Charles_Damoiseau=Marie Charles Theodor De Damoiseau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehud_Olmert=Ehud Olmert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Lewis_(author)=Norman Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Matthay=Tobias Augustus Matthay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egon_Eiermann=Egon Eiermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decimus_Junius_Silanus_Torquatus=Decimo Giunio Silano Torquato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Chiba=Shigeru Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_P%C3%A9ron=François Péron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saul_Bass=Saul Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Gades=Antonio Gades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valery_Gergiev=Valerij Abisalovič Gergiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Evans=Marc Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_McClory=Kevin McClory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacha_Distel=Sacha Distel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Avril=Jane Avril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lina_Cavalieri=Lina Cavalieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_McIntyre=Mike McIntyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Myrick=Sue Wilkins Myrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Duff_(missionary)=Alexander Duff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Borgman=Jim Borgman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Teniers_the_Younger=David Teniers il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimrod_(comics)=Nimrod (robot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina_Torres=Gina Torres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saddam_Kamel=Saddam Kamel Hassan al-Majid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Strong=Mark Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_D._Fergusson=Frances Daly Fergusson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abid_Hamid_Mahmud=Abid Hamid Mahmud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Lambert=Mary Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B8rgen_Pedersen_Gram=Jørgen Pedersen Gram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxie_Roker=Roxie Roker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urara_Takano=Urara Takano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenyu_Horiuchi=Ken'yū Horiuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mami_Koyama=Mami Koyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Kusao=Takeshi Kusao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Nicholson_(chemist)=William Nicholson (chimico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prabhat_Ranjan_Sarkar=Prabhat Ranjan Sarkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Spiekermann=Erik Spiekermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Price=Harry Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Christopher_McCook=Henry Christopher McCook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Harlan=Richard Harlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_Burwell=Carter Burwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Paredes=Carlos Paredes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Muck=Karl Muck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_al-Qahtani=Mohammed al-Qahtani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Means=Russell Means
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Wulff=Christian Wulff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_III_as-Sadiq=Muhammad III al-Sadiq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_IV_al-Hadi=Muhammad IV al-Hadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_V_an-Nasir=Muhammad V al-Nasir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_VI_al-Habib=Muhammad VI al-Habib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Zaffis=John Zaffis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Maher=Sean Maher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Glass=Ron Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Farey,_Sr.=John Farey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Cocilovo=Luigi Cocilovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Tierney=Harry Tierney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingo_Friedrich=Ingo Friedrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Stuart=Leslie Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Flaherty=Stephen Flaherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Francis_Bentley=John Francis Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Ahrens=Lynn Ahrens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia-Yvonne_Kaufmann=Sylvia-Yvonne Kaufmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Midgley=Mary Midgley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Baxendale=Helen Baxendale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_H._Brewster=Benjamin Harris Brewster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Watt_Gregory=Thomas Watt Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inga_Swenson=Inga Swenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Blocker=Dan Blocker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Job_(biblical_figure)=Giobbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Malina=Judith Malina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Theodoric=Antipapa Teodorico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Sylvester_IV=Antipapa Silvestro IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_of_Saxony_(philosopher)=Alberto di Sassonia (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Adalbert=Antipapa Adalberto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Qi=Huang Qi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Fuller_Benton=Morris Fuller Benton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_M._Meredith=William M. Meredith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Hayes=Johnny Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Teniers_the_Elder=David Teniers il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_van_Ostade=Isaak van Ostade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobus_Houbraken=Jacobus Houbraken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelis_Cort=Cornelis Cort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Gossaert=Jan Gossaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Rhys_Meyers=Jonathan Rhys Meyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_Floris=Frans Floris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Gallico=Paul Gallico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Trelawny_Hobhouse=Leonard Trelawny Hobhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polidoro_da_Caravaggio=Polidoro da Caravaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Paul_Corssen=Wilhelm Paul Corssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veno_Pilon=Veno Pilon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Felix_Adalbert_Kuhn=Adalbert Kuhn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Dimitriades=Alex Dimitriades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_Taylor=Noah Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Byrne=Rose Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Mendelsohn=Ben Mendelsohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiel_Coxie=Michael Coxcie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Muziano=Girolamo Muziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Perlman=Ron Perlman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Toussaint_Charlet=Nicolas Toussaint Charlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Schreier=Peter Schreier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine-Louis_Barye=Antoine-Louis Barye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Ignace_Isidore_G%C3%A9rard_Grandville=Jean-Ignace-Isidore Gérard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules-%C3%89lie_Delaunay=Jules-Élie Delaunay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Hippolyte_Flandrin=Hippolyte Flandrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Hersent=Louis Hersent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hwang_Young-cho=Hwang Young-cho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Casella=Alfredo Casella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Gray=Linda Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._A._Schwaller_de_Lubicz=René Adolphe Schwaller de Lubicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrence_Trammell=Terrence Trammell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Diruta=Girolamo Diruta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costanzo_Porta=Costanzo Porta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Merulo=Claudio Merulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Guyon=Jeanne Guyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Kaihui=Yang Kaihui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Hutton=Lauren Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Julius_Schmidt=Johann Friedrich Julius Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Alexis=Kim Alexis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mao_Zemin=Mao Zemin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wail_al-Shehri=Wa'il al-Shihri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Hayman_Wilson=Horace Hayman Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Di=Liu Di
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetto_Castelli=Benedetto Castelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_McCombs=Red McCombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Mull=Martin Mull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Cunningham_(athlete)=Glenn Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Hovland=Carl Hovland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Cunningham=Scott Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Garcia=Adam Garcia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavril_Sarychev=Gavriil Andreevič Saryčev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Batcheff=Pierre Batcheff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_B%C3%A9rulle=Pierre de Bérulle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Davy_Duperron=Jacques du Perron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Desportes=Philippe Desportes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Christian_Michel=Jean-Christian Michel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mao_Zetan=Mao Zetan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginette_Neveu=Ginette Neveu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khariton_Laptev=Chariton Prokof'evič Laptev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Laptev=Dmitrij Jakovlevič Laptev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Vilkitsky=Boris Andreevič Vil'kickij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshikazu_Yasuhiko=Yoshikazu Yasuhiko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Rappe=Virginia Rappe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karna=Karna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branislav_Nu%C5%A1i%C4%87=Branislav Nušić
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_Perovskaya=Sof'ja L'vovna Perovskaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wincenty_Witos=Wincenty Witos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohand_al-Shehri=Mohand al-Shihri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jer%C3%B3nimo_Lobo=Jerónimo Lobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_of_Scott_Amedure=Omicidio di Scott Amedure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Matyushkin=Fëdor Fëdorovič Matjuškin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yelena_Baturina=Elena Baturina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malachi_Martin=Malachi Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lochlyn_Munro=Lochlyn Munro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Verhofstadt=Dirk Verhofstadt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Ross=Betty Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaas_Jacobus_de_Wet=Nicolaas Jacobus de Wet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Buxton,_1st_Earl_Buxton=Sydney Buxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Stewart_(author)=Chris Stewart (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Upshaw=Dawn Upshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Leburton=Edmond Leburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Perahia=Murray Perahia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Douste-Blazy=Philippe Douste-Blazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Maurenbrecher=Wilhelm Maurenbrecher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidal_Sassoon=Vidal Sassoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Sheridan=Jim Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_of_Reichenau=Ermanno il Contratto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennox_Berkeley=Lennox Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Battani=Muḥammad ibn Jābir al-Ḥarrānī al-Battānī
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Kaspar_Mertz=Johann Kaspar Mertz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauro_Giuliani=Mauro Giuliani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._Balachander=K. Balachander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Basile=Giambattista Basile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Wood=Peggy Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Shumsky=Oscar Shumsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuben_Kosgei=Reuben Kosgei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satam_al-Suqami=Satam al-Suqami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgy_Sedov=Georgij Jakovlevič Sedov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Barbour=James Barbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicki_Lawrence=Vicki Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Erskine_(educator)=John Erskine (letterato)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyer_Levin=Meyer Levin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Golovnin=Vasilij Michajlovič Golovnin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Boit_Kipketer=Wilson Boit Kipketer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_%C4%8Cech=Eduard Čech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Joy_Brown=Sarah Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavriil_Pribylov=Gavriil Loginovič Pribylov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_Lohse=Oswald Lohse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Whyte=Jack Whyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pam_Dawber=Pam Dawber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Groombridge=Stephen Groombridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Yakovlev_(Russian_politician)=Aleksandr Nikolaevič Jakovlev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Moon_(rock_climber)=Ben Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Hand=Edward Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_McCartney=Stella McCartney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuriy_Norshteyn=Jurij Norštejn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandr_Petrov_(animator)=Aleksandr Konstantinovič Petrov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Matthiae=Paolo Matthiae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celia_Imrie=Celia Imrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bolam=James Bolam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grigory_Shelikhov=Grigorij Ivanovič Šelichov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aelius_Theon=Elio Teone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan_brothers=Fratelli Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Stanley,_3rd_Earl_of_Derby=Edward Stanley, III conte di Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakov_Sannikov=Jakov Sannikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Fede=Emilio Fede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matvei_Gedenschtrom=Matvej Matveevič Gedenštrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakov_Permyakov=Jakov Permjakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chayito_Valdez=Chayito Valdez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Crowhurst=Donald Crowhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleman_Francis=Coleman Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Netscher=Caspar Netscher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vassili_Poyarkov=Vasilij Danilovič Pojarkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrone_Guthrie=Tyrone Guthrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_H._McClure=James McClure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_D%C3%BClfer=Hans Dülfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerofey_Khabarov=Erofej Pavlovič Chabarov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Ovtsyn=Dmitrij Leont'evič Ovcyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Th%C3%A9odore_Chass%C3%A9riau=Théodore Chassériau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_Fisher=Gregor Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Cohen=Albert Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsley_Cherry-Garrard=Apsley Cherry-Garrard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_P._McGranery=James Patrick McGranery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Roswell=Maggie Roswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikita_Ivanovich_Panin=Nikita Ivanovič Panin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Stevenson=Thomas Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_W._Griggs=John William Griggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._H._Miller=William Henry Harrison Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._Wickersham=George Woodward Wickersham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Farmer_(composer)=John Farmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timotheus_(general)=Timoteo (stratego)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Biclaro=Giovanni di Biclaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Kollek=Teddy Kollek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_Berlitz=Maximilian Berlitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peder_Kolstad=Peder Kolstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Leopold_Berchtold=Leopold Berchtold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydenham_Edwards=Sydenham Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bart_Somers=Bart Somers (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaetano_Polidori=Gaetano Polidori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Glover_(actor)=John Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Minin=Fëdor Alekseevič Minin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Roux=Jacques Roux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Woodward=Edward Woodward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Cort=Bud Cort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominicus_Gundissalinus=Domenico Gundisalvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Koch=Erich Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Neubauer=Alfred Neubauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Tissandier=Gaston Tissandier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Thewlis=David Thewlis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Eilbacher=Lisa Eilbacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Tilly=Jennifer Tilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Habersham=Joseph Habersham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Reed=Alan Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Holmes_(musician)=David Holmes (musicista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary_Prinz=Rosemary Prinz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_Kennedy_Martin=Troy Kennedy-Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Sachs=Robin Sachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Briggs=Benjamin Briggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel_Milingo=Emmanuel Milingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bancroft_(actor)=George Bancroft (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Bergmann=Art Bergmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Palitzsch=Johann Georg Palitzsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Borstein=Alex Borstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Silayev=Ivan Stepanovič Silaev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Leo_Hassler=Hans Leo Hassler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Strange=Hugo Strange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consuelo_Vel%C3%A1zquez=Consuelo Velázquez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rubinstein=Nikolaj Grigor'evič Rubinštejn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Hanley_Seares=Frederick Hanley Seares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eise_Eisinga=Eise Eisinga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Harrison_Joy=Alfred Harrison Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Yajima=Akiko Yajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Ernest_Salpeter=Edwin Ernest Salpeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Legge=Walter Legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Gustave_Rejlander=Oscar Gustave Rejlander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neroli_Fairhall=Neroli Fairhall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Daul=Joseph Daul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szabolcs_Fazakas=Szabolcs Fazakas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Radcliffe,_1st_Viscount_Radcliffe=Cyril Radcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaos_Sifounakis=Nikolaos Sifunakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Leinen=Jo Leinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luisa_Morgantini=Luisa Morgantini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pervenche_Ber%C3%A8s=Pervenche Berès
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Morillon=Philippe Morillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Conrad_Dippel=Johann Konrad Dippel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Otto_Mohr=Christian Otto Mohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edolphus_Towns=Ed Towns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Goldberg=Adam Goldberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Exquemelin=Alexandre Olivier Exquemelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_V._Brown=Aaron Venable Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Chichester,_1st_Marquess_of_Donegall=Arthur Chichester, I marchese di Donegall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Chichester,_2nd_Marquess_of_Donegall=George Chichester, II marchese di Donegall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Taylor_(author)=Andrew Taylor (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Errick_Willis=Errick Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Coypel=Antoine Coypel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No%C3%ABl_Coypel=Noël Coypel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_von_Lenbach=Franz von Lenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_von_Piloty=Karl Theodor von Piloty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Schnorr_von_Carolsfeld=Julius Schnorr von Carolsfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_von_Cornelius=Peter von Cornelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter,_Sue_and_Marc=Peter, Sue & Marc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Schadow=Friedrich Wilhelm Schadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Schadow=Johann Gottfried Schadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Sinyavsky=Andrej Donatovič Sinjavskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynolds_Price=Reynolds Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camillo_Castiglioni=Camillo Castiglioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ondina_Valla=Ondina Valla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwerful_Mechain=Gwerful Mechain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mentore_Maggini=Mentore Maggini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wen_Tong=Wen Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Bray=Stephen Bray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilo_Torres_Restrepo=Camilo Torres Restrepo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Zizhen=He Zizhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Martin=Marilyn Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candido_Amantini=Candido Amantini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lipton=James Lipton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico_Xavier=Chico Xavier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Roberts=Tom Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Foreman=Richard Foreman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Garth=Samuel Garth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Jarvis=Eugene Jarvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Kroll=Joachim Kroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olive_Oatman=Olive Oatman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Ifukube=Akira Ifukube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_van_Dillen=Oscar van Dillen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Lewis_Anderson=Kenneth Lewis Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Duesterberg=Theodor Duesterberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Chichester,_3rd_Marquess_of_Donegall=George Chichester, III marchese di Donegall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dean_(engineer)=William Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Munson=Audrey Munson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmony_Korine=Harmony Korine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Bryggman=Larry Bryggman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucien_Febvre=Lucien Febvre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Norman_Shaw=Richard Norman Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tawny_Kitaen=Tawny Kitaen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Fraser=Laura Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Carter=Kevin Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marguerite_Moreau=Marguerite Moreau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Robert_Waterhouse=George Robert Waterhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Sharma=Chris Sharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Chichester,_4th_Baron_Templemore=Arthur Chichester, IV barone Templemore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Wells=John C. Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Brett,_2nd_Viscount_Esher=Reginald Brett, II visconte Esher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Keane=Glen Keane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Errett_Lobban_Cord=Errett Lobban Cord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Chichester,_1st_Baron_Templemore=Arthur Chichester, I barone Templemore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuki_Yao=Kazuki Yao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oleg_Kalugin=Oleg Kalugin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludmila_of_Bohemia=Ludmilla di Boemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Bruce=Virginia Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Ivo=Tommy Ivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinto_Colvig=Pinto Colvig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_Sen=Son Sen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zara_Cully=Zara Cully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Calder%C3%B3n=Alberto Calderón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Appleton=Nicole Appleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernesto_Bertarelli=Ernesto Bertarelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Sedley,_Countess_of_Dorchester=Catherine Sedley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayne_van_Ghizeghem=Hayne van Ghizeghem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Peretti_di_Montalto=Alessandro Damasceni Peretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_D._Sneed=Joseph D. Sneed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Mortimer=Emily Mortimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Murray_(actor)=Don Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_Gonz%C3%A1lez_I%C3%B1%C3%A1rritu=Alejandro González Iñárritu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Van_Dyke=Barry Van Dyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Busnois=Antoine Busnois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Ripstein=Arturo Ripstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Pearson=Neil Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Wells=Horace Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Weber_(artist)=Max Weber (artista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Manning=Frankie Manning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayaan_Hirsi_Ali=Ayaan Hirsi Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Christian_Schmid=Hans-Christian Schmid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatih_Ak%C4%B1n=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Herbig=Michael Herbig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Vilsmaier=Joseph Vilsmaier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Dietl=Helmut Dietl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S%C3%B6nke_Wortmann=Sönke Wortmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veit_Harlan=Veit Harlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Beyer=Frank Beyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detlev_Buck=Detlev Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_VI,_Count_of_Brienne=Gualtieri VI di Brienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Staudte=Wolfgang Staudte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Trenker=Luis Trenker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margarethe_von_Trotta=Margarethe von Trotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Allen_Hynek=Josef Allen Hynek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Holbrook=Hal Holbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marton_Csokas=Marton Csokas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aigars_Fadejevs=Aigars Fadejevs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yootha_Joyce=Yootha Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_van_Mieris=Willem van Mieris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Schneider_(actress)=Maria Schneider (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaetano_Milanesi=Gaetano Milanesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetto_Bonfigli=Benedetto Bonfigli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Archer_Crowe=Joseph Archer Crowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiorenzo_di_Lorenzo=Fiorenzo di Lorenzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benozzo_Gozzoli=Benozzo Gozzoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filippo_Lippi=Filippo Lippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryce_Dallas_Howard=Bryce Dallas Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fra_Diamante=Fra Diamante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_Spagna=Lo Spagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_W%C3%B6hler=August Wöhler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_del_Pacchia=Girolamo del Pacchia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciabigio=Franciabigio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelozzo=Michelozzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Kaufman=Philip Kaufman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Auerbach=Ellen Auerbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Keir=Andrew Keir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_F._Maraldi=Giacomo Filippo Maraldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enguerrand_de_Marigny=Enguerrand de Marigny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_de'_Bardi=Giovanni Bardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellie_Martin=Kellie Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Donlevy=Brian Donlevy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Chapman=Annie Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ann_Nichols=Mary Ann Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frits_Clausen=Frits Clausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Hamilton,_10th_Duke_of_Hamilton=Alexander Hamilton, X duca di Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Webb=Gary Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Guinness,_1st_Earl_of_Iveagh=Edward Guinness, I conte di Iveagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Guinness,_1st_Baron_Ardilaun=Arthur Guinness, I barone Ardilaun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Guinness=Benjamin Guinness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Leech=Margaret Leech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ema_Puk%C5%A1ec=Ema Pukšec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Kotcheff=Ted Kotcheff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89lis%C3%A9e_Reclus=Élisée Reclus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzysztof_Kamil_Baczy%C5%84ski=Krzysztof Kamil Baczyński
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Lamont=Duncan Lamont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuri_Bilge_Ceylan=Nuri Bilge Ceylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Tansman=Alexandre Tansman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy,_7th_Duke_of_Northumberland=Henry Percy, VII duca di Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Gardener=Jason Gardener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Audiberti=Jacques Audiberti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lydia_Koidula=Lydia Koidula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Blank=Arthur Blank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Carey_(missionary)=William Carey (missionario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitch_Leigh=Mitch Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vita_Pavlysh=Vita Pavlyš
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandr_Pavlovich_Aleksandrov=Aleksandr Pavlovič Aleksandrov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandr_Panayotov_Aleksandrov=Aleksandăr Panajotov Aleksandrov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Crawford=Shawn Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radboud_of_Utrecht=Radbodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bigler=John Bigler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gillett=James Gillett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Markham=Henry Markham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcelino_Sanz_de_Sautuola=Marcelino Sanz de Sautuola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svetlana_Krivelyova=Svetlana Krivelëva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nia_Long=Nia Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Verhoeven=Michael Verhoeven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilo_Cruz=Nilo Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Schenkkan=Robert Schenkkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrett_Brown=Garrett Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_G._Wilson=Michael G. Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Stoliczka=Ferdinand Stolička
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Cheval=Ferdinand Cheval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmyr_de_Hory=Elmyr de Hory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamara_Bunke=Haydée Tamara Bunke Bider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Inaudi=Giacomo Inaudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alves_dos_Reis=Artur Virgílio Alves dos Reis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truman_Henry_Safford=Truman H. Safford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanthika_Jayasinghe=Susanthika Jayasinghe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Stevaert=Steve Stevaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Hara_(architect)=Hiroshi Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Phillipson=Robert Phillipson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willi_Boskovsky=Willi Boskovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Dibdin=Michael Dibdin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Olearius=Adam Olearius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Bickerstaffe=Isaac Bickerstaffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Edwards=Sam Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galt_MacDermot=Galt MacDermot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Chiklis=Michael Chiklis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Silver=Joel Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shafik_Wazzan=Shafiq Wazzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobekneferu=Nefrusobek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Piern%C3%A9=Gabriel Pierné
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hulbert=William Hulbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_M._Krauss=Lawrence Krauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Saltus=Edgar Saltus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Burke_(gangster)=Jimmy Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Knoll=John Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immanuel_Jakobovits,_Baron_Jakobovits=Immanuel Jakobovits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Adams_Dix=John Adams Dix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Lauren_Adams=Joey Lauren Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Franju=Georges Franju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theognostus_of_Kiev=Teognoste il Greco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Stewart_(keyboardist)=Dave Stewart (tastierista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Albert_Boulenger=George Albert Boulenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amram_Gaon=Rav Amram Gaon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_H._Kraft=Charles H. Kraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaley_Cuoco=Kaley Cuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Pilnyak=Boris Andreevič Pil'njak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moussa_Arafat=Moussa Arafat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Frink=Elisabeth Frink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Wilhelm_Herbst=Johann Friedrich Wilhelm Herbst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakub_Jan_Ryba=Jakub Jan Ryba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Serrault=Michel Serrault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kari_W%C3%BChrer=Kari Wührer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hayter_(actor)=James Hayter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell_Mason=Lowell Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoji_Shinkawa=Yoji Shinkawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ado_(bishop)=Adone di Vienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Both=Pieter Both
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Copeau=Jacques Copeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syd_Field=Syd Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeca_Afonso=José Afonso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niccol%C3%B2_dell'Abbate=Nicolò dell'Abate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Topcliffe=Richard Topcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Pope=Paul Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bradshaw_(judge)=John Bradshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Beckett=Wendy Beckett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Weihenmayer=Erik Weihenmayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubab_Raza=Rubab Raza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Gross_(actor)=Michael Gross (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cho=John Cho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Thomas_Blanford=William Thomas Blanford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_McQuarrie=Ralph McQuarrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Bruch=Walter Bruch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vetranio=Vetranione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nepotianus=Nepoziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_I_of_Moldavia=Alexandru cel Bun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Traubel=Helen Traubel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Spangberg=Martyn Petrovič Španberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonique_Williams-Darling=Tonique Williams-Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antony_Acland=Antony Acland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosius,_Metropolitan_of_Moscow=Teodosio (metropolita di Mosca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Ferguson-McKenzie=Debbie Ferguson-McKenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_I,_Metropolitan_of_Moscow=Filippo I (metropolita di Mosca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_%22Gabby%22_Hayes=Gabby Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Martti_Wallenius=Kurt Martti Wallenius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Teniers_III=David Teniers III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerontius,_Metropolitan_of_Moscow=Geronzio (metropolita di Mosca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Bird=Isabella Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Playfair=William Henry Playfair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choghtu_Khong_Tayiji=Choghtu Khong Tayiji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Anderson_(zoologist)=John Anderson (naturalista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmo_of_Narni=Gattamelata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_G%C3%BCnther=Albert Günther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamara_Toumanova=Tamara Tumanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Voldemar_Jannsen=Johann Voldemar Jannsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Kneale=Matthew Kneale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Mann-Borgese=Elisabeth Mann Borgese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Maw=Nicholas Maw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monika_Mann=Monika Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Dyens=Roland Dyens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Baricco=Alessandro Baricco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agust%C3%ADn_Barrios=Agustín Barrios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Taylor_(British_politician)=Keith Taylor (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stephens=Robert Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Beatty=Joyce Beatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berek_Joselewicz=Berek Joselewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vico_Consorti=Vico Consorti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Slovic=Paul Slovic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricio_Contreras=Patricio Contreras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Hire=Étienne de Vignolles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Rausing=Hans Anders Rausing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Michael_Thomas=Philip Michael Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patsy_Kensit=Patsy Kensit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theo_Albrecht=Theo Albrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Arnault=Bernard Arnault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Pinault=François Pinault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Allen=Ray Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Langstaff_Bowman=James Bowman (giocatore di curling)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Gemito=Vincenzo Gemito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Konchalovsky=Andrej Končalovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiwara_no_Kamatari=Fujiwara no Kamatari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Fruytiers=Philip Fruytiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanna_Centlivre=Susanna Centlivre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastiano_Conca=Sebastiano Conca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxime_Du_Camp=Maxime Du Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldemar_Cierpinski=Waldemar Cierpinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmella_DeCesare=Carmella DeCesare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelindo_Bordin=Gelindo Bordin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Villiers_de_l'Isle-Adam=Auguste de Villiers de L'Isle-Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Langer=Ellen Langer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Herrick=Margaret Herrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kay_(flying_shuttle)=John Kay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harve_Presnell=Harve Presnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Smith_(actor)=Hal Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josia_Thugwane=Josia Thugwane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gezahegne_Abera=Gezahegne Abera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferenc_Sz%C3%A1lasi=Ferenc Szálasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Forsythe=Henderson Forsythe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Rubbra=Edmund Rubbra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Ferrabosco_the_elder=Alfonso Ferrabosco l'Anziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Grey=Virginia Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_James_Elliott=David James Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Carradine=Keith Carradine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B3n_Sigur%C3%B0sson=Jón Sigurðsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Miles=Vera Miles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Allegri=Domenico Allegri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Robson_Walton=Samuel Robson Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Ganz_Cooney=Joan Ganz Cooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_A._Schwarzman=Stephen A. Schwarzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christa_B._Allen=Christa B. Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Znosko-Borovsky=Evgenij Znosko-Borovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Esposito=Jennifer Esposito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Caldwell_Ryrie=Charles Caldwell Ryrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicomachus_of_Thebes=Nicomaco di Tebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Jackson_(UK_game_designer)=Steve Jackson (1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Jackson_(US_game_designer)=Steve Jackson (1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curzio_Malaparte=Curzio Malaparte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ty_Law=Ty Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Tucci=Giuseppe Tucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Schongauer=Martin Schongauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hawtrey=Henry Hawtrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Wheeler=Maggie Wheeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_de_la_Porr%C3%A9e=Gilberto Porretano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Springer_White=James Springer White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_von_Prantl=Karl von Prantl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Christoph_Wilhelm_Sigwart=Heinrich Christoph Wilhelm Sigwart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalid_Skah=Khalid Skah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hosius_of_Corduba=Osio di Cordova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Hardouin=Jean Hardouin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Themistius=Temistio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_St%C3%B6ffler=Johannes Stöffler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Nikolaus_von_Hontheim=Johann Nikolaus von Hontheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mateo_Alb%C3%A9niz=Mateo Albéniz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc'Antonio_Ingegneri=Marc'Antonio Ingegneri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_Torquemada_(cardinal)=Juan de Torquemada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikmat_Sulayman=Hikmet Suleyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dumoulin=Charles Dumoulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ayscue=George Ayscue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Montagu,_1st_Earl_of_Sandwich=Edward Montagu, I conte di Sandwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Longoria=Eva Longoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Byrne=Martha Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayato_Tani=Hayato Tani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Culp=Robert Culp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Jacobs=Louis Jacobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Fanelli=Giuseppe Fanelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnie_Marx=Minnie Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Argo=Victor Argo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_S._Lamont=Daniel Scott Lamont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Lancaster=Joseph Lancaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolbert_Lanston=Tolbert Lanston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Hershey=Barbara Hershey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshio_Furukawa=Toshio Furukawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurij_Dalmatin=Jurij Dalmatin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Saling=George Saling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Sutro=Adolph Sutro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Nispel=Marcus Nispel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Schule=Fred Schule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antal_Szerb=Antal Szerb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adnan_Khashoggi=Adnan Khashoggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_R._Newman=James R. Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien_Maurice_de_Noailles=Adrien Maurice de Noailles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ji%C5%99%C3%AD_Weil=Jiří Weil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heimito_von_Doderer=Heimito von Doderer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentina_Cortese=Valentina Cortese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_de_Clare,_2nd_Earl_of_Pembroke=Riccardo di Clare, II conte di Pembroke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yelena_Isinbayeva=Elena Isinbaeva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Henri_Lartigue=Jacques Henri Lartigue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Graf=David Graf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perdita_Felicien=Perdita Felicien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_del_Mar_(actress)=Maria del Mar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Mestre=Audrey Mestre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_de_France=Diana di Francia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Robinson=Bill Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gian_Francesco_Malipiero=Gian Francesco Malipiero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrence_Deacon=Terrence William Deacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Dobbs=Lou Dobbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_D._Phelan=James Duval Phelan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Baring,_1st_Baron_Howick_of_Glendale=Charles Baring, I barone Howick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Rawlinson,_1st_Baron_Rawlinson=Henry Rawlinson, I barone Rawlinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Manuel_da_Silva=Francisco Manuel da Silva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Hickland=Catherine Hickland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_de_Cadenet=Alain de Cadenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjay_Dutt=Sanjay Dutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Berg=David Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Reinecke=Carl Reinecke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeon_Gaesomun=Yeon Gaesomun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Mermoz=Jean Mermoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Michael_Rossetti=William Michael Rossetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Corbett=Jim Corbett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepe_de_Luc%C3%ADa=Pepe de Lucía
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Bottego=Vittorio Bottego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romolo_Gessi=Romolo Gessi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_V,_Count_of_Brienne=Gualtieri V di Brienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_I,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Corrado I di Boemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Dannreuther=Edward Dannreuther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Carey,_1st_Baron_Hunsdon=Henry Carey, I barone Hunsdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Smith_(actor)=Mike Smith (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_LaRue=Eva LaRue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanna_White=Vanna White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Ross=Charlotte Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Raksin=David Raksin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhys_Ifans=Rhys Ifans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teo_Teocoli=Teo Teocoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Gosling=Ryan Gosling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Sacher=Franz Sacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Len_Wiseman=Len Wiseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Amurri=Eva Amurri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henck_Arron=Henck Arron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_Haji_Ibrahim_Egal=Mohamed Ibrahim Egal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_Rimmer=Shane Rimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Rodney=Red Rodney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Llewellyn_Bradshaw=Robert Llewellyn Bradshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Peet=Amanda Peet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Glasgow_Tinker=Frank Glasgow Tinker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Vane,_3rd_Marquess_of_Londonderry=Charles Stewart, III marchese di Londonderry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Quindlen=Anna Quindlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Pirrie,_1st_Viscount_Pirrie=William Pirrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevno_Azef=Evno Fišelevič Azef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Melendez=John Melendez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Curtis=William Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lindley=John Lindley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Germann=Greg Germann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_(singer)=Alaska (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Caldwell=Ian Caldwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dustin_Thomason=Dustin Thomason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Raemaekers=Louis Raemaekers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Serafinowicz=Peter Serafinowicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shyam_Benegal=Shyam Benegal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Irizarry=Vincent Irizarry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Broccoli=Barbara Broccoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Rendel_Harris=James Rendel Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Allred=Gloria Allred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rembert_Dodoens=Rembert Dodoens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Forlanini=Enrico Forlanini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleen_Atwood=Colleen Atwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Lord_Britton=Nathaniel Lord Britton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Langella=Frank Langella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Buchanan=Jack Buchanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gibson_(playwright)=William Gibson (commediografo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Mitchell=Yvonne Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Dahn=Felix Dahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Cave=Edward Cave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subrata_Roy=Subrata Roy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinchi_Roca=Sinchi Roca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._R._Burnett=W. R. Burnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_St._John=Austin St. John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torkel_Knutsson=Torgils Knutsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Paul_Schreber=Daniel Paul Schreber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariann_Fischer_Boel=Mariann Fischer Boel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pratinas=Pratina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_Ghini=Luca Ghini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lajos_B%C3%A1rdos=Lajos Bárdos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Williams_(actress)=Michelle Williams (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_F%C3%A9lix_Dunal=Michel Félix Dunal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_McTeer=Janet McTeer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stig_Dagerman=Stig Dagerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_McInnerny=Tim McInnerny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michaele_Schreyer=Michaele Schreyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dag_the_Wise=Dag il saggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hincmar=Incmaro di Reims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Sirmond=Jacques Sirmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrannius_Rufinus=Tirannio Rufino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Adolf_Ebert=Friedrich Adolf Ebert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Anundsson=Erik Anundsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirsten_Flagstad=Kirsten Flagstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Clarke_(cricketer)=Michael Clarke (crickettista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Williams=Esther Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsa_Morante=Elsa Morante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jemma_Redgrave=Jemma Redgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gilbert_(author)=William Gilbert (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Wright=Peter Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Per_Sullivan=Erik Per Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hanna=William Hanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vyacheslav_Tikhonov=Vjačeslav Vasil'evič Tichonov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Bawer=Bruce Bawer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Jones_(actor)=Dean Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Charles_Wagner=Roland Charles Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Laurel=Stan Laurel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Walton=Alice Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chay_Santini=Chay Santini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temuera_Morrison=Temuera Morrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Dundas,_1st_Earl_of_Zetland=Lawrence Dundas, I conte di Zetland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vendela_Kirsebom=Vendela Kirsebom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Schieffelin=Ed Schieffelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zinovy_Peshkov=Zinovij Alekseevič Peškov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Wexler=Jerry Wexler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val_Guest=Val Guest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Dundas,_2nd_Earl_of_Zetland=Thomas Dundas, II conte di Zetland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Solondz=Todd Solondz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Betti=Laura Betti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Guinizelli=Guido Guinizelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asafa_Powell=Asafa Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaci_Kullmann_Five=Kaci Kullmann Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Tretyakov=Pavel Michajlovič Tret'jakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Walton=Jim Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Hathaway_(Shakespeare's_wife)=Anne Hathaway (Shakespeare)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Luke=Derek Luke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_T._Walton=John T. Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_of_Peter_Fechter=Peter Fechter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flodoard=Flodoardo di Reims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottschalk_of_Orbais=Gotescalco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paschasius_Radbertus=Pascasio Radberto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_D%C3%BCmmler=Ernst Dümmler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Ball_(screenwriter)=Alan Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armin_van_Buuren=Armin van Buuren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arash_Miresmaeili=Arash Miresmaeili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seann_William_Scott=Seann William Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine-Denis_Chaudet=Antoine-Denis Chaudet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_de_La_Tour=Georges de La Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Blossfeldt=Karl Blossfeldt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Sander=August Sander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Perrin=Francis Perrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Fenton=Roger Fenton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Kooser=Ted Kooser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Donaldson=Roger Donaldson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grigory_Romanov=Grigorij Vasil'evič Romanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Marschner=Heinrich Marschner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keri_Hulme=Keri Hulme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Fraser=Louis Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Acuff=Amy Acuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Slezak=Walter Slezak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czes%C5%82aw_S%C5%82ania=Czesław Słania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Schumann=Hans Conrad Schumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Guthrie=Malcolm Guthrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hillyer=Robert Hillyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magda_Goebbels=Magda Goebbels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorgils_Skarthi=Thorgils Skarthi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_de_Gontaut,_baron_de_Biron=Armand de Gontaut-Biron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Heinrich_Matthiae=August Heinrich Matthiae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionysius_Periegetes=Dionigi il Periegeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jared_Padalecki=Jared Padalecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Karl_Buttmann=Philipp Karl Buttmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Bernhardy=Gottfried Bernhardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liza_Weil=Liza Weil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bebe_Buell=Bebe Buell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Begley,_Jr.=Ed Begley Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Pang=May Pang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_McCullough=Henry McCullough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%BCrgen_Prochnow=Jürgen Prochnow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Keoghan=Phil Keoghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Derwin=Mark Derwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tammin_Sursok=Tammin Sursok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Th%C3%A9ophile_Corret_de_la_Tour_d'Auvergne=Théophile-Malo de La Tour d'Auvergne-Corret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banyen_Rakgan=Banyen Rakkaen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Leal=Sharon Leal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chita_Rivera=Chita Rivera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadezhda_Mandelstam=Nadežda Jakovlevna Mandel'štam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Fox=Sidney Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V%C3%A1clav_Hanka=Václav Hanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Blackmer=Sidney Blackmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Dobrovsk%C3%BD=Josef Dobrovský
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franti%C5%A1ek_Palack%C3%BD=František Palacký
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eystein_Halfdansson=Eystein Halfdansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ant%C3%B3nio_Vieira=António Vieira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorgil_Sprakling=Thorgils Sprakalägg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jusepe_de_Ribera=Jusepe de Ribera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belisario_Corenzio=Belisario Corenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Freytag=Georg Freytag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Perkins_Marsh=George Perkins Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Toussaint_Reinaud=Joseph Toussaint Reinaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adalbert_Merx=Adalbert Merx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breckin_Meyer=Breckin Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Shelepin=Aleksandr Nikolaevič Šelepin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Milles=Carl Milles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Turner=Victor Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdalena_Forsberg=Magdalena Forsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kirby_(entomologist)=William Kirby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._O._Matthiessen=Francis Otto Matthiessen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Reese=Gustave Reese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miladinov_brothers=Fratelli Miladinov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Garvin=Anita Garvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Crecquillon=Thomas Crecquillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Stiles=Jackie Stiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_of_Bruys=Pierre de Bruys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udomporn_Polsak=Udomporn Polsak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Poppe=Erik Poppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blyth_Tait=Blyth Tait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_von_Tschudi=Johann Jakob Tschudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Tomlinson=Ray Tomlinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_A._C._Lund=O.A.C. Lund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_T._Cohen=Samuel Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Levi_Laestadius=Lars Levi Læstadius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasse_Hallstr%C3%B6m=Lasse Hallström
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Ekberg=Anita Ekberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Frears=Stephen Frears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butch_Johnson=Butch Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Doriot=Jacques Doriot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Cook=Frederick Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Malapert=Charles Malapert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Lillard=Matthew Lillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kang_Youwei=Kang Youwei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_D%C3%A9at=Marcel Déat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julio_Medem=Julio Medem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Goodwin_(comics)=Archie Goodwin (fumettista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Mercero=Antonio Mercero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerzy_Kukuczka=Jerzy Kukuczka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Jansen=Steve Jansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Nattrass=Susan Nattrass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malvina_Hoffman=Malvina Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Plana=Tony Plana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Maxwell=Lois Maxwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Fox_(actor)=Bernard Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Antonio_Lavalleja=Juan Antonio Lavalleja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bennet_Lawes=John Bennet Lawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Mary_Clerke=Agnes Mary Clerke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Onslow,_4th_Earl_of_Onslow=William Onslow, IV conte di Onslow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Peters=Wilhelm Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Matschie=Paul Matschie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Pujo=Maurice Pujo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Lear=Bill Lear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imre_Mad%C3%A1ch=Imre Madách
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Coode=Ed Coode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cracknell=James Cracknell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_Ginn=Drew Ginn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel_Larcenet=Manu Larcenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Bibron=Gabriel Bibron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Polenov=Vasilij Dmitrievič Polenov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forough_Farrokhzad=Forough Farrokhzad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bunny=John Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shon_Seung-mo=Shon Seung-mo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvin_Yeaworth=Irvin Yeaworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Lee=Bernard Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzysztof_Wielicki=Krzysztof Wielicki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Brown_(British_actor)=Robert Brown (attore britannico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaycie_Phelps=Jaycie Phelps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Johnson_(boxer)=Marvin Johnson (pugile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_William_Gladstone,_7th_Baronet=William Gladstone, VII baronetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hamilton,_5th_Duke_of_Abercorn=James Hamilton, V duca di Abercorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_John_Arberry=Arthur John Arberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodie_Swallow=Jodie Swallow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosa_Mota=Rosa Mota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Mydans=Carl Mydans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Osteen=Joel Osteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tielman_Susato=Tielman Susato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanda_Rutkiewicz=Wanda Rutkiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Loewy=Raymond Loewy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axel_Springer=Axel Springer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elon_Musk=Elon Musk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Fitzgerald=Tara Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hardwicke=Thomas Hardwicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pola_Negri=Pola Negri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Bates_(Australia)=Daisy Bates (scrittrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Brolin=Josh Brolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocinante=Ronzinante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Ravi_Varma=Raja Ravi Varma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Colman=Timothy Colman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnaretta_Singer=Winnaretta Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonso_de_Ercilla=Alonso de Ercilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolfo_Aristarain=Adolfo Aristarain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._E._Hinton=Howard Everest Hinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Scarpa=Carlo Scarpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_of_Prague=Girolamo da Praga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamar_de_los_Reyes=Kamar de los Reyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeo_Tromboncino=Bartolomeo Tromboncino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Campbell,_4th_Duke_of_Argyll=John Campbell, IV duca di Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nectanebo_II=Nectanebo II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepi_I_Meryre=Pepi I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merenre_Nemtyemsaf_I=Merenra I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Fairbairn=Bruce Fairbairn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dag_Prawitz=Dag Prawitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otakar_%C5%A0ev%C4%8D%C3%ADk=Otakar Ševčík
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenny_McLean=Lenny McLean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Roberts=Joan Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Louis_Duvernoy=Georges Louis Duvernoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Hermann=Jean Hermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Strauss=Eduard Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_August_Goldfuss=Georg August Goldfuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulf_Tostesson=Ulf Tostesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Griffith_(zoologist)=Edward Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Turner=Florence Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Munger=Charlie Munger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_M._Branham=William M. Branham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osburh=Osburga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Paulet,_1st_Marquess_of_Winchester=William Paulet, I marchese di Winchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Gonzalez=Nicholas Gonzalez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Robertson=Shirley Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cineas=Cinea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Steward=Julian Steward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Nelson=Adam Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Holt_(actor)=Jack Holt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Middleton_Murry=John Middleton Murry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Spencer,_4th_Duke_of_Marlborough=George Spencer, IV duca di Marlborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortimer_Durand=Mortimer Durand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Reinecker=Herbert Reinecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Cohn=Harry Cohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Caesar=Irving Caesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymonde_de_Laroche=Raymonde de Laroche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_H._Metcalf=Victor Howard Metcalf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Bloom=Claire Bloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Graham_(climber)=Dave Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Service_(historian)=Robert Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nataliya_Burdeyna=Natalija Burdejna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalia_Valeeva=Natalia Valeeva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seti_II=Seti II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesses_X=Ramses X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Kagan=Robert Kagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesses_XI=Ramses XI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herihor=Herihor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesses_V=Ramses V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrienne_Lecouvreur=Adrienne Lecouvreur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Rainaldi=Carlo Rainaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Rainaldi=Girolamo Rainaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Bielsa=Rafael Bielsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Sang=Lin Sang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_Occom=Samson Occom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ioan_Slavici=Ioan Slavici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Koudelka=Josef Koudelka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metrocles=Metrocle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvira_Madigan=Elvira Madigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludvig_Mylius-Erichsen=Ludvig Mylius-Erichsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Hupp=Otto Hupp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Cook=Natalie Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fakhruddin_Ali_Ahmed=Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Reaves=Shawn Reaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Nelson=Ed Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leah_Rabin=Leah Rabin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_L._Mitchill=Samuel Latham Mitchill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machon=Macone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_P%C3%A9tillon=René Pétillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatoly_Lyadov=Anatolij Konstantinovič Ljadov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Rell_Madigan=Edward Rell Madigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Newport=Christopher Newport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Hoy=Andrew Hoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettina_Hoy=Bettina Hoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Bond=Samantha Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Bliss=Caroline Bliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawina_Thongsuk=Pawina Thongsuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Andreyevich_Baranov=Aleksandr Andreevič Baranov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_X._Cringely=Robert X. Cringely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Collins=Jessica Collins (attrice 1971)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%A9rard_Souzay=Gérard Souzay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Bernac=Pierre Bernac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Columbus=Diego Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwona_Marcinkiewicz=Iwona Dzięcioł
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks_Stevens=Brooks Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Jonker=Ingrid Jonker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Folkard=Naomi Folkard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Bomer=Matt Bomer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Juanjuan=Zhang Juanjuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tate_Donovan=Tate Donovan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_David=Keith David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thaddeus_Cahill=Thaddeus Cahill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Ying=He Ying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaos_Kaklamanakis=Nikolaos Kaklamanakīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Joseph_Lefebvre=Jules Joseph Lefebvre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosser_Reeves=Rosser Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Moriarty=Michael Moriarty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_of_Sweden=Filippo I di Svezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inge_the_Younger=Ingold II di Svezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_Atoms=Maxwell Atoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alois_Musil=Alois Musil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donovan_Cech=Donovan Cech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Myconius=Friedrich Myconius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_di_Clemente=Ramon di Clemente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_Muzio=Claudia Muzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Murray=Gilbert Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Williams_(rower)=Steve Williams (canottiere)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murad_Bey=Murad Bey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Munzinger=Werner Munzinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Edward_Munroe=Charles Edward Munroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Mundt=Theodor Mundt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Noel_Latimer_Munby=Alan Noel Latimer Munby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien_Albert_Marie_de_Mun=Albert de Mun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Grainger=Katherine Grainger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Ainslie=Ben Ainslie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Taruc=Luis Taruc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Taube=Henry Taube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deems_Taylor=Deems Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Embry=Ethan Embry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilkinson_Taylor_(educator)=John Wilkinson Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_White_Ridley,_1st_Viscount_Ridley=Matthew Ridley, I visconte Ridley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Matthew_Hillsman_Taylor=Peter Matthew Hillsman Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myron_Charles_Taylor=Myron Charles Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hunt,_Baron_Hunt=John Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mitchell_(actor)=James Mitchell (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tedla_Bairu=Tedlà Bairù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolando_Hourruitiner=Rolando Hourruitiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Rivera_(basketball)=Jorge Rivera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuan_Shu-chi=Yuan Shu-chi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Klein_(actor)=Chris Klein (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anselme_Ga%C3%ABtan_Desmarest=Anselme Gaëtan Desmarest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Shine=Michael Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_O'Leary_(businessman)=Michael O'Leary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steph_Cook=Stephanie Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_E._Mellish=John Edward Mellish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Surowiecki=James Surowiecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Erdmann_Isert=Paul Erdmann Isert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornplanter=Piantatore di Mais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achille_Urbain=Achille Urbain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Marland=Douglas Marland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Lyne=Adrian Lyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Herschmiller=Thomas Herschmiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Wetzel=Jake Wetzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hamilton-Gordon,_1st_Baron_Stanmore=Arthur Hamilton-Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Brewster_(ornithologist)=William Brewster (ornitologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Brewster_(Mayflower_passenger)=William Brewster (predicatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvius_Magnago=Silvius Magnago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiri_Appleby=Shiri Appleby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Chandrasekhar=Jay Chandrasekhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragnvald_Ulfsson=Ragnvald Ulfsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Albert_(engineer)=Wilhelm August Julius Albert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Sinclair=Harry Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Holm=Stefan Holm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Sorvino=Paul Sorvino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinto_Brass=Tinto Brass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derrick_de_Kerckhove=Derrick de Kerckhove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Gatlin=Justin Gatlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustache_Le_Sueur=Eustache Le Sueur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsie_Janis=Elsie Janis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Mignard=Pierre Mignard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bush=Billy Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Obikwelu=Francis Obikwelu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Colantoni=Enrico Colantoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_Le_Beauf=Sabrina Le Beauf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Garrett=Betty Garrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_Gasteyer=Ana Gasteyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Hayden=Sterling Hayden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Owens=Geoffrey Owens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizuki_Noguchi=Mizuki Noguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_MacLane=Mary MacLane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Cera=Michael Cera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Hale=Tony Hale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Walter=Jessica Walter (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Leibman=Ron Leibman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilli_Lehmann=Lilli Lehmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Lehmbruck=Wilhelm Lehmbruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Leibl=Wilhelm Leibl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Olsson=Christian Olsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Arnett=Will Arnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Poehler=Amy Poehler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Cruz=Brandon Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Jan_Hanussen=Erik Jan Hanussen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sondra_Locke=Sondra Locke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Boswell=Mark Boswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleavon_Little=Cleavon Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Fisher=Frances Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Quinn=Martha Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Beare=Jon Beare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Frandsen=Scott Frandsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Light=Kevin Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Rutledge=Ben Rutledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Kreek=Adam Kreek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Lefebvre=Georges Lefebvre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_You=Lu You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuo_Tobita=Nobuo Tobita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Tanaka=Mayumi Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Kamiya=Akira Kamiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Gruentzig=Andreas Roland Grüntzig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_L._Shirer=William L. Shirer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olaf_Tufte=Olaf Tufte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Lemercier=Jacques Lemercier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Scandello=Antonio Scandello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viorica_Susanu=Viorica Susanu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgeta_Damian=Georgeta Damian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathrin_Boron=Kathrin Boron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yolande_de_Polastron=Yolande de Polastron, duchessa de Polignac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Kahn_(film_editor)=Michael Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Rosetti=Antonio Rosetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Castro=Bernard Castro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Reid=Wallace Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_Brockwell=Gladys Brockwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hodge_(screenwriter)=John Hodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diedrich_Bader=Diedrich Bader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Brent=Evelyn Brent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._G._Marshall=E.G. Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksey_Konstantinovich_Tolstoy=Aleksej Konstantinovič Tolstoj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Petrie=Daniel Petrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acquanetta=Acquanetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Wariner=Jeremy Wariner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheikh_Sarr=Cheikh Sarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlene_Ahrens=Marlene Ahrens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otis_Harris=Otis Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siren_Sundby=Siren Sundby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeshey_Zimba=Yeshey Zimba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khandu_Wangchuk=Khandu Wangchuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiji_Nakazawa=Keiji Nakazawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Meares=John Meares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Hayden=Tom Hayden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Geer=Will Geer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Tauber=Richard Tauber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Agricola=Alexander Ackermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonya_Verbeek=Tonya Verbeek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Moll=Richard Moll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Montminy=Anne Montminy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Grandi=Alessandro Grandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fairweather=Simon Fairweather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Frangilli=Michele Frangilli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendan_Foster=Brendan Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wietse_van_Alten=Wietse van Alten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Ming-huang=Liu Ming-huang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmytro_Hrachov=Dmytro Hračov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Cheng-pang=Wang Cheng-pang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_Petersson=Magnus Petersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Lelouch=Claude Lelouch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Earp=Josephine Marcus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshito_Usui=Yoshito Usui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Corbett=Glenn Corbett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_G._Epstein=Philip G. Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_J._Epstein=Julius J. Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirkuh=Shirkuh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guntars_Krasts=Guntars Krasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Goyeneche=Roberto Goyeneche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_%C3%89mile_Chabas=Paul Chabas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliviero_Toscani=Oliviero Toscani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_De_Greef=Arthur De Greef (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Peruggia=Vincenzo Peruggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Branduardi=Angelo Branduardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Noir=Victor Noir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Hart=Clyde Hart (allenatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Biagi_(jurist)=Marco Biagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xue_Haifeng=Xue Haifeng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Ruban=Viktor Ruban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vic_Wunderle=Vic Wunderle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Szu-yuan=Chen Szu-yuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Galiazzo=Marco Galiazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Yamamoto_(archer)=Hiroshi Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hannay,_Baron_Hannay_of_Chiswick=David Hannay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Coduri=Camille Coduri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Pescow=Donna Pescow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paschal_Grousset=Paschal Grousset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hywel_Bennett=Hywel Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_D._Barnard=Neal D. Barnard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernesto_Schiaparelli=Ernesto Schiaparelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Karl_Rodbertus=Johann Karl Rodbertus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Beach=Adam Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Mi_(badminton)=Zhou Mi (giocatrice di badminton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadeusz_Mazowiecki=Tadeusz Mazowiecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Scott_(Apple)=Michael Scott (informatico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha_Tae-kwon=Ha Tae-kwon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altaf_Hussain_Hali=Altâf Hussain Hâli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rulon_Gardner=Rulon Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_C._Pimentel=George C. Pimentel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gennady_Kolbin=Gennadij Vasil'evič Kolbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Lloyd_George=Megan Lloyd George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Thatcher=Mark Thatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerri_Walsh_Jennings=Kerri Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misty_May-Treanor=Misty May-Treanor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Gezelle=Guido Gezelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Prideaux_Tregelles=Samuel Prideaux Tregelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Raudaschl=Hubert Raudaschl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Hyacinthe_Anquetil-Duperron=Abraham Hyacinthe Anquetil-Duperron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Marter=Ian Marter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Pierre_Anquetil=Louis-Pierre Anquetil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Miranda=Patricia Miranda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Baeck=Leo Baeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Radcliffe_(politician)=George Radcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matteo_Maria_Boiardo=Matteo Maria Boiardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_la_Rue=Pierre de La Rue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ours-Pierre-Armand_Petit-Dufr%C3%A9noy=Ours-Pierre-Armand Petit-Dufrénoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9-Jean-Fran%C3%A7ois-Marie_Brochant_de_Villiers=André Jean François Marie Brochant de Villiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oveta_Culp_Hobby=Oveta Culp Hobby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariel_Ze'evi=Ariel Zeevi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Just_Ha%C3%BCy=René Just Haüy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lee_Burke=James Lee Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MRK=MRK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Rydz-%C5%9Amig%C5%82y=Edward Rydz-Śmigły
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Packer=Ann Packer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olga_Kuzenkova=Ol'ga Kuzenkova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Allen_(triathlete)=Kate Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wei_Yili=Wei Yili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Strzygowski=Josef Strzygowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Wei_(badminton)=Yang Wei (giocatrice di badminton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Jiewen=Zhang Jiewen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hossein_Rezazadeh=Hossein Rezazadeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Chichagov=Vasilij Jakovlevič Čičagov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Winston=Stan Winston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Amory_(author)=Thomas Amory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Atherstone=Edwin Atherstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Aytoun=Robert Ayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Barton=Bernard Barton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bourchier,_2nd_Baron_Berners=John Bourchier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Besant=Walter Besant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benson_Fong=Benson Fong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Paul_Martin=Dean Paul Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Wright=Max Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Gueffroy=Chris Gueffroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Brooks=Shirley Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hobhouse,_1st_Baron_Broughton=John Cam Hobhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_de_Le%C3%B3n=Luis de León
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamish_Carter=Hamish Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Heese=Mark Heese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scipione_Borghese=Scipione Caffarelli-Borghese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Kelly=Frank Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Deary=Terry Deary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Lietaer=Bernard Lietaer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Salem=Pamela Salem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Chichagov=Pavel Vasil'evič Čičagov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Herapath=John Herapath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Kr%C3%B6nig=August Krönig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivonne_Coll=Ivonne Coll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Karoli=Michael Karoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darren_McGavin=Darren McGavin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Vanhecke=Frank Vanhecke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine_Hunt_Lieberson=Lorraine Hunt Lieberson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mihai_Antonescu=Mihai Antonescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois-Vincent_Toussaint=François-Vincent Toussaint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_of_Fiore=Gioacchino da Fiore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Tyson=June Tyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Lee_Whitney=Grace Lee Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Minxia=Wu Minxia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Stewart,_4th_Earl_of_Lennox=Matthew Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Bertillon=Jacques Bertillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Bertillon=Louis-Adolphe Bertillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_Bertillon=Alphonse Bertillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_S%C3%BC%C3%9F_Oppenheimer=Joseph Süß Oppenheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Francesco_Straparola=Giovanni Francesco Straparola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ercole_Antonio_Mattioli=Ercole Antonio Mattioli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Bonny=Anne Bonny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Lescot=Pierre Lescot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_al-Nadim=Ibn al-Nadim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianella_Neyra=Gianella Neyra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobayashi_Issa=Kobayashi Issa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_Baldoni=Enzo Baldoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tade%C3%A1%C5%A1_H%C3%A1jek=Tadeáš Hájek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Bacon=Lloyd Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broncho_Billy_Anderson=Gilbert M. Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Templeton=Charles Templeton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_S._Porter=Edwin S. Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Kirke_Spoor=George K. Spoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Amery=John Amery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cromwell_(actor)=Richard Cromwell (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Flynn=Jerome Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robson_Green=Robson Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyset_Comp%C3%A8re=Loyset Compère
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_von_Lengerke_Meyer=George von Lengerke Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Ackerman=Gary Ackerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mstislav_I_of_Kiev=Mstislav I di Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaropolk_II_of_Kiev=Jaropolk II di Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vsevolod_II_of_Kiev=Vsevolod II di Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iziaslav_II_of_Kiev=Izjaslav II di Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleen_Bailey=Aleen Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Aleksander=Grant Aleksander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand-Pierre_Caussin_de_Perceval=Armand-Pierre Caussin de Perceval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Shepherd=Ben Shepherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasha_Mitchell=Sasha Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iziaslav_III_of_Kiev=Izjaslav III di Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostislav_I_of_Kiev=Rostislav di Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mstislav_II_of_Kiev=Mstislav II di Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Duke=Michael Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaroslav_II_of_Kiev=Jaroslav II Izjaslavič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachael_Stirling=Rachael Stirling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Sax=Geoffrey Sax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeley_Hawes=Keeley Hawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Parfenovich=Uladzimir Parfjanovič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Ringelnatz=Joachim Ringelnatz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bas_Jan_Ader=Bas Jan Ader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Penny=Sydney Penny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunihiko_Ikuhara=Kunihiko Ikuhara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobutoshi_Canna=Nobutoshi Canna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinami_Nishimura=Chinami Nishimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Natsuki=Rio Natsuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyoyuki_Yanada=Kiyoyuki Yanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zooey_Deschanel=Zooey Deschanel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kae_Araki=Kae Araki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wataru_Takagi=Wataru Takagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theano_(philosopher)=Teano (filosofa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Hawkins_Browne_(poet)=Isaac Hawkins Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Browne_(poet)=William Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bruce=James Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Bryant=Jacob Bryant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Burnet=Thomas Burnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hill_Burton=John Hill Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Charlotte_Bury=Charlotte Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Brown=Chester Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Studer=Bernhard Studer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuan_Mei=Yuan Mei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_Heer=Oswald Heer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Charles_Breguet=Louis Charles Breguet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Robert_Helmert=Friedrich Robert Helmert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakub_Zadzik=Jakub Zadzik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_James_Byron=Henry James Byron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Caird=Edward Caird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Macfadyen=Matthew Macfadyen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Firth=Peter Firth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Saint_James=Susan Saint James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul-Albert_Besnard=Albert Besnard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Alfred_von_Zittel=Karl Alfred von Zittel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannie_Schaft=Hannie Schaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Albert_Gaudry=Albert Gaudry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Crawford_Williamson=William Crawford Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caleb_Deschanel=Caleb Deschanel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cian_O'Connor=Cian O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Heinrich_von_Groth=Paul Heinrich von Groth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_O'Sullivan=Sonia O'Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Baptiste_No%C3%ABl_Bouchotte=Jean Baptiste Bouchotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jed_Allan=Jed Allan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Ruel,_marquis_de_Beurnonville=Pierre Riel de Beurnonville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis,_comte_de_Narbonne-Lara=Louis Marie Narbonne Lara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marguerite-%C3%89lie_Guadet=Élie Guadet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gordon_Green=David Gordon Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Basire=Claude Basire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fambrough=Charles Fambrough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Sellecca=Connie Sellecca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Lewis-Francis=Mark Lewis-Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eriq_La_Salle=Eriq La Salle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pang_Tong=Pang Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_Arnold=Eve Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom%C3%A1%C5%A1_Hal%C3%ADk=Tomáš Halík
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlon_Devonish=Marlon Devonish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stanislaus_Joyce=John Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Parnell=Thomas Parnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Loredan=Pietro Loredan (ammiraglio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Gibbs=Timothy Gibbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Rao=Amrita Rao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Fouhy=Ben Fouhy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Naughton=James Naughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Lawrence=Mr. Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Valignano=Alessandro Valignano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feargus_Urquhart=Feargus Urquhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Winehouse=Amy Winehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radu_Beligan=Radu Beligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Smart=Jean Smart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safi-ad-din_Ardabili=Safi-ad-din Ardabili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Menounos=Maria Menounos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Baldini=Stefano Baldini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Horan=Cornelius Horan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Esmie=Robert Esmie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenroy_Gilbert=Glenroy Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camil_Petrescu=Camil Petrescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hamilton,_3rd_Duke_of_Abercorn=James Hamilton, III duca di Abercorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Frankland=Edward Frankland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tessa_Sanderson=Tessa Sanderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_of_Vladimir=Michele I di Vladimir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Leveson-Gower,_4th_Earl_Granville=William Leveson-Gower, IV conte di Granville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vsevolod_the_Big_Nest=Vsevolod III di Vladimir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Greenspan=Bud Greenspan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Bruce,_6th_Lord_Balfour_of_Burleigh=Alexander Bruce, VI Lord Balfour di Burleigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_McGarrigle=Kate McGarrigle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_de'_Cavalieri=Emilio de' Cavalieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julianne_Phillips=Julianne Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Ford=Vincent Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Tom_Parker=Colonnello Tom Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felice_Cavallotti=Felice Cavallotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Graetz=Heinrich Graetz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Ashmore=Shawn Ashmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Ashmore=Aaron Ashmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Pinsent=Gordon Pinsent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callum_Keith_Rennie=Callum Keith Rennie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Acord=Art Acord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irwin_Allen=Irwin Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Dover=Kenneth Dover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saira_Shah=Saira Shah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ko_Yong-hui=Ko Yong-hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Louis_Napoleon_Cavagnari=Pierre-Louis Cavagnari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Moscow=David Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_bin_Awad_bin_Laden=Mohammed bin Laden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharif_Atkins=Sharif Atkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Balthasar_Borkhausen=Moritz Balthasar Borkhausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvise_Vivarini=Alvise Vivarini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vettor_Pisani=Vettor Pisani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_J._Pedersen=Charles J. Pedersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Conrad=Robert Conrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_von_B%C3%BClow=Hans von Bülow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Chadwick=Florence Chadwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Giedroyc=Mel Giedroyc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raul_Hilberg=Raul Hilberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Wilhelm_(sinologist)=Richard Wilhelm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felice_Anerio=Felice Anerio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_van_Koeverden=Adam van Koeverden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Giles=Stephen Giles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermes_da_Fonseca=Hermes Rodrigues da Fonseca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Brunet=Caroline Brunet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Soriano=Francesco Soriano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_W._S._Anderson=Paul W. S. Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malatesta_da_Verucchio=Malatesta da Verucchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guivi_Sissaouri=Guivi Sissaouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Igali=Daniel Igali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naser_al-Din_Shah_Qajar=Naser al-Din Shah Qajar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Calhoun=Lee Calhoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayes_Jones=Hayes Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinda_Culea=Melinda Culea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascoal_Ranieri_Mazzilli=Pascoal Ranieri Mazzilli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Leavitt=Robert Leavitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Germer=Edmund Germer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Johnson=Russell Johnson (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aureliano_Chaves=Antônio Aureliano Chaves de Mendonça
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_O'Keeffe=Miles O'Keeffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bevan_Docherty=Bevan Docherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Masterson=Danny Masterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Masterson=Christopher Masterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianna_Angelopoulos-Daskalaki=Gianna Angelopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Maybeck=Bernard Maybeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelica_Bridges=Angelica Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Brodie=William Brodie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Contino=Dick Contino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Cifra=Antonio Cifra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Warren_Roebling=Emily Warren Roebling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P%C3%AAro_da_Covilh%C3%A3=Pêro da Covilhã
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazdak=Mazdak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Shih-hsin=Chen Shih-hsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Aikau=Eddie Aikau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Ryan=Irene Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_White_(filmmaker)=Mike White (cineasta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Stafford=Greg Stafford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_McKoy=Mark McKoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Duncan=Sandy Duncan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Livesey=Roger Livesey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_von_Uexk%C3%BCll=Jakob Johann von Uexküll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Bugenhagen=Johannes Bugenhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Xaver_Wolfgang_Mozart=Franz Xaver Wolfgang Mozart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Kiley=Richard Kiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benkei=Saitō Musashibō Benkei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Roberts_Harris=Patricia Roberts Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carla_Anderson_Hills=Carla Anderson Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Hufstedler=Shirley Hufstedler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juanita_M._Kreps=Juanita Kreps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfred_Bukofzer=Manfred Bukofzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Kantor=Mickey Kantor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anacreon=Anacreonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Darrow=Henry Darrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Greatbatch=Wilson Greatbatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Cavedone=Giacomo Cavedone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunta_Kinte=Kunta Kinte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_de_Bohun,_3rd_Earl_of_Hereford=Humphrey de Bohun, III conte di Hereford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Porter_(athlete)=William Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Posner=Vladimir Vladimirovič Pozner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Valois=Georges Valois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arno_Peters=Arno Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Wright=Sarah Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Fu%C4%8D%C3%ADk_(composer)=Julius Fučík (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Beth_Peil=Mary Beth Peil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Buchwald=Arthur Buchwald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsie_Jane_Wilson=Elsie Jane Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Hemingway=Matt Hemingway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Julian=Rupert Julian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Silver=Ron Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Boulala=Ali Boulala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elin_Nordegren=Elin Nordegren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotta_Crabtree=Lotta Crabtree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maeve_Kinkead=Maeve Kinkead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hicetas=Iceta di Siracusa (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angie_Harmon=Angie Harmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Luis_Garci=José Luis Garci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Robbie=Joe Robbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erika_Harold=Erika Harold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titta_Ruffo=Titta Ruffo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Brasillach=Robert Brasillach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Plunket,_5th_Baron_Plunket=William Plunket, V barone Plunket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobbie_Eakes=Bobbie Eakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Conroy=Kevin Conroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheryl_Ladd=Cheryl Ladd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Anwar=Gabrielle Anwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Molinari=Susan Molinari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Morton=Alan Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antony_Sher=Antony Sher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivar_the_Boneless=Ívarr Ragnarsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Thorild=Thomas Thorild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Tingwell=Charles Tingwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Granado=Alberto Granado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Lazarev=Michail Petrovič Lazarev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lansing_(actor)=Robert Lansing (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_Leder=Mimi Leder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Eckhart=Aaron Eckhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Ganske=Greg Ganske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_McKinney=Kurt McKinney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Ames=Rachel Ames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constant_Permeke=Constant Permeke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Bigod,_3rd_Earl_of_Norfolk=Ugo Bigod, III conte di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardito_Desio=Ardito Desio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Detmer=Amanda Detmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viola_Liuzzo=Viola Liuzzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Rowe_(actor)=Nicholas Rowe (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karch_Kiraly=Karch Kiraly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Thomas_Looney=J. Thomas Looney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tusshar_Kapoor=Tusshar Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph_Quirk=Randolph Quirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arjun_Rampal=Arjun Rampal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xing_Huina=Xing Huina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raveena_Tandon=Raveena Tandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Hauptmann=Moritz Hauptmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Lucilius=Gaio Lucilio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Heisig=James Heisig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Hyong-jik=Kim Hyong-Jik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Ansch%C3%BCtz-Kaempfe=Hermann Anschütz-Kaempfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Zakrzewska=Maria Elizabeth Zakrzewska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_MacDonald=Ian MacDonald (critico musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Pivot=Bernard Pivot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leofric,_Earl_of_Mercia=Leofrico di Coventry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_Gobure=Joanne Gobure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_De_Morgan=Evelyn De Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Young_(director)=Terence Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Cataldi=Pietro Antonio Cataldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Hearst=Rick Hearst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Taylor_(actor)=Ron Taylor (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsay_Crouse=Lindsay Crouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoko_Tawada=Yōko Tawada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Englund=Peter Englund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Engel=Georgia Engel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_G._Konsalik=Heinz Günther Konsalik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalifah_bin_Said_of_Zanzibar=Khalifa bin Sa'id di Zanzibar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Attwood=Tony Attwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_bin_Said_of_Zanzibar=Ali bin Sa'id di Zanzibar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalifa_bin_Harub_of_Zanzibar=Khalifa bin Harub di Zanzibar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Gilbert=Lewis Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Tamahori=Lee Tamahori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamad_bin_Thuwaini_of_Zanzibar=Hamad bin Thuwayni di Zanzibar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalid_bin_Barghash_of_Zanzibar=Khalid bin Barghash di Zanzibar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harley_Earl=Harley Earl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Yundi=Yundi Li
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_bin_Hamud_of_Zanzibar=Ali bin Hamud di Zanzibar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Austin=Moses Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdullah_bin_Khalifa_of_Zanzibar=Abdullah bin Khalifa di Zanzibar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Dunigan=Tim Dunigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahnee_Welch=Tahnee Welch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Atkinson=Sid Atkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galina_Ustvolskaya=Galina Ivanovna Ustvol'skaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_la_Cosa=Juan de la Cosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Lehman=Ernest Lehman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Cavanaugh=Christine Cavanaugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Swanenburg=Maria Swanenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Richter=Conrad Richter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuc_Watkins=Tuc Watkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Kusche=Larry Kusche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristen_Alderson=Kristen Alderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Barris_(photographer)=George Barris (fotografo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._B._Guthrie,_Jr.=A. B. Guthrie Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonso_de_Salazar=Alonso de Salazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_T._King=Peter T. King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Ann_Grau=Shirley Ann Grau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Wasserstein=Wendy Wasserstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lewis_Taylor=Robert Lewis Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Baring,_7th_Baron_Ashburton=John Baring, VII barone Ashburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_de_Sacrobosco=Giovanni Sacrobosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Don_Baker=Joe Don Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zach_Wamp=Zach Wamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmie_Walker=Jimmie Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Cooper=Jim Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_J._Goodspeed=Edgar J. Goodspeed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Shuster=Bill Shuster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Bernice_Johnson=Eddie Bernice Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Gerlach=Jim Gerlach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graciliano_Ramos=Graciliano Ramos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Selinger=Greg Selinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Ann_Emerson=Jo Ann Emerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farley_Granger=Farley Granger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukita_Hideie=Ukita Hideie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Lurie=Alison Lurie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Koshetz=Oleksander Koshetz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uesugi_Kagekatsu=Uesugi Kagekatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Dodge=Earl Dodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Daly_(actor)=James Daly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Brady=Kevin Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Bishop=Tim Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Brady=Bob Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_Coelen=Penelope Anne Coelen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Cole=Tom Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Ann_Davis=Jo Ann Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Rihm=Wolfgang Rihm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Hardin=Glenn Hardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nest_ferch_Rhys=Nest verch Rhys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bacon=Charles Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhys_ap_Tewdwr=Rhys ap Tewdwr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Loomis=Frank Loomis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_dos_Reis_Machado=Mestre Bimba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliot_Engel=Eliot Engel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_English=Phil English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Fossella=Vito Fossella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wellesley-Pole,_3rd_Earl_of_Mornington=William Wellesley-Pole, III conte di Mornington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Hobhouse=Emily Hobhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nita_Lowey=Nita Lowey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Slaughter=Louise Slaughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Schult=Emil Schult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Wong=Ted Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_E._Sweeney=John E. Sweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerrie_Cobb=Jerrie Cobb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Gallwey=Timothy Gallwey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_P._Ortiz=Solomon Ortiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Krull=Wolfgang Krull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Maloney=Carolyn B. Maloney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_M._Payne=Donald M. Payne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Pascrell=Bill Pascrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mstislav_III_of_Kiev=Mstislav III di Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsay_Wagner=Lindsay Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Davis_(actor)=Jim Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Davidovsky=Mario Davidovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_Foster=Hunter Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Spearritt=Hannah Spearritt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karole_Armitage=Karole Armitage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Neumann=Mark Neumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akosua_Busia=Akosua Busia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Ting_(diver)=Li Ting (tuffatrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luc_Plamondon=Luc Plamondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Peck=Bob Peck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Paolo_Floriani=Pietro Paolo Floriani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Boyd_Kinnear=Norman Boyd Kinnear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Taylor_Mill=Harriet Taylor Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antigonus_III_Doson=Antigono III Dosone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Russ=Tim Russ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Gascoine=Jill Gascoine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Arkin=Adam Arkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Green=Gene Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Kimbrough=Charles Kimbrough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meredith_Monroe=Meredith Monroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/January_Jones=January Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_McComb=Heather McComb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilarie_Burton=Hilarie Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vagit_Alekperov=Vagit Jusufovič Alekperov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaine_Stritch=Elaine Stritch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Richardson=Ian Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_D._Zanuck=Richard D. Zanuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Brown_(producer)=David Brown (produttore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell_Thomas=Lowell Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Mills=Donna Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Pierce_Adams=Franklin P. Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Kelly_(editor)=Kevin Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyprian,_Metropolitan_of_Moscow=Cipriano (metropolita di Kiev)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvestre_Reyes=Silvestre Reyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Sessions=Pete Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Israel=Steve Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Keena=Monica Keena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Blunt,_15th_Baroness_Wentworth=Lady Anne Blunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Berlanti=Greg Berlanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Marion_Crawford=Francis Marion Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_of_Chernigov=Michele I, Granduca di Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Owen=Clive Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Melendez=Bill Melendez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pia_Cramling=Pia Cramling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Dinwiddie=Robert Dinwiddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Stafford=Michelle Stafford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshe_Arens=Moshe Arens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shlomo_Ben-Ami=Shlomo Ben-Ami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_Ensler=Eve Ensler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murat_Zyazikov=Murat Magometovič Zjazikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Townsend=Stuart Townsend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Swallow_Richards=Ellen Swallow Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Shenar=Paul Shenar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Redl=Alfred Redl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Parker=Craig Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Tomlinson=Charles Tomlinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Tutuola=Amos Tutuola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Ernst_Ackermann=Konrad Ernst Ackermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Charlotte_Ackermann=Sophie Charlotte Ackermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viviane_Reding=Viviane Reding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Ryan=Tony Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Porter_(Illinois_politician)=John Edward Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Chew_Howard=Benjamin Chew Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaim_Soloveitchik=Chaim Soloveitchik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper_Heywood=Jasper Heywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Deschanel=Emily Deschanel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Davis=Lucy Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Abril=Victoria Abril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoru_Arakawa=Minoru Arakawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiyuki_Sadamoto=Yoshiyuki Sadamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Saville_(graphic_designer)=Peter Saville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhao_Xue=Zhao Xue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Menchik=Vera Menchik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Ferrer=Miguel Ferrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_R%C3%A9ti=Richard Réti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Abderhalden=Emil Abderhalden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mursili_I=Muršili I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chip_Zien=Chip Zien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Harrison=Randy Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Ringo=Johnny Ringo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Bruckner=Amy Bruckner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Cochran=Roy Cochran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cecil,_6th_Marquess_of_Exeter=David Burghley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Cawley=Rex Cawley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mae_Questel=Mae Questel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Acontius=Iacopo Aconcio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Uvarov=Sergej Semënovič Uvarov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Cortez=Stanley Cortez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Heckerling=Amy Heckerling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Canova=Diana Canova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Terragni=Giuseppe Terragni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Padmore=George Padmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Emanuel_Jones=Walter Emanuel Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norodom_Ranariddh=Norodom Ranariddh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Guerra=Alfonso Guerra (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Vaughan=Greg Vaughan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Ao_(philosopher)=Li Ao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inessa_Kravets=Inesa Kravec'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Banks=Willie Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brett_Butler_(actress)=Brett Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Morley=Thomas Morley (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_of_Malacca=Enrique di Molucca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Mars=Kenneth Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Dewael=Patrick Dewael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Berdella=Robert Berdella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Leopold_Crelle=August Leopold Crelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Eyre=Richard Eyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Berkenhout=John Berkenhout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Heinrich_Bojanus=Ludwig Heinrich Bojanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophilus_Cibber=Theophilus Cibber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Pharamond=Alexandre Pharamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_Deol=Sunny Deol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Graham=Caroline Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Williamson=Fred Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nettles=John Nettles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulo_Costanzo=Paulo Costanzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornstalk=Gambo di Mais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Antinori=Vincenzo Antinori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Hawkins=Jack Hawkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Cacoyannis=Michael Cacoyannis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon_Granger=Gideon Granger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Munk=Andrzej Munk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horatio_King=Horatio King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Giustiniani=Giovanni Giustiniani Longo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Schreker=Franz Schreker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Avery=Margaret Avery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernie_Ball=Ernie Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tess_Daly=Tess Daly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilma_Granqvist=Hilma Granqvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorino_da_Feltre=Vittorino da Feltre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympiodorus_of_Thebes=Olimpiodoro di Tebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheryl_Lee=Sheryl Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bec_Hewitt=Bec Hewitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concha_Espina=Concha Espina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Gentle=Mary Gentle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Columbus_Langdell=Christopher Columbus Langdell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamal_Mubarak=Gamal Mubarak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volker_Beck_(athlete)=Volker Beck (atleta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moretto_da_Brescia=Il Moretto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egon_Kisch=Egon Kisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raoul_Villain=Raoul Villain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Hudson_Osgood=Wilfred Hudson Osgood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Southwell=Paul Southwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_Soderini=Pier Soderini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klodiana_Shala=Klodiana Shala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fausto_Sozzini=Fausto Sozzini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Patterson=Scott Patterson (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Jacob_Schoenberg=Isaac Jacob Schoenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Zamoyski=Jan Zamoyski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giorgio_Biandrata=Giorgio Biandrata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Pitt=Michael Pitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_William_Skeat=Walter William Skeat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mitchell_Kemble=John Mitchell Kemble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Popham_(Lord_Chief_Justice)=John Popham (giurista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Santley=Charles Santley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alistair_Cragg=Alistair Cragg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Potter=Monica Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Pepperrell=William Pepperrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9s_de_Santa_Cruz=Andrés de Santa Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Man_Popwell=Little Man Popwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Donald=James Donald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Hornby=Frank Hornby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Napier=Alan Napier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Cassidy=Ted Cassidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Zatonskih=Hanna Vitaliïvna Zatons'kych
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_McDonough=Neal McDonough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Zindel=Paul Zindel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_Dzagnidze=Nana Dzagnidze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andre_Phillips=André Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Ahmed_Ghozali=Sid Ahmed Ghozali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jocelyn_Pook=Jocelyn Pook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Finn=Jon Finn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidemarie_Wieczorek-Zeul=Heidemarie Wieczorek-Zeul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Dandolos=Nick Dandolos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivek_Oberoi=Vivek Oberoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_Binion=Benny Binion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Maunsell=John Maunsell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sala_Baker=Sala Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lieven_de_Key=Lieven de Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lindsay_(athlete)=Robert Lindsay (atleta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lindsay_(actor)=Robert Lindsay (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corky_McCorquodale=Corky McCorquodale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Wyman=Sid Wyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Jozef_%C5%A0af%C3%A1rik=Pavel Jozef Šafárik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Maria_Nanino=Giovanni Maria Nanino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phill_Niblock=Phill Niblock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paige_O'Hara=Paige O'Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Bergeron=Tom Bergeron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaus_Federmann=Nikolaus Federmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wells_(filmmaker)=John Wells (produttore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fareed_Zakaria=Fareed Zakaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_A._Johnston=David Alexander Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Poulsen=Kevin Poulsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lescaze=William Lescaze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Wynter=Sarah Wynter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Maderna=Bruno Maderna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois-Bernard_M%C3%A2che=François Bernard Mâche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yi_Xing=Yi Xing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Murray_(British_Army_officer)=George Murray (militare)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Ludwig_Statius_M%C3%BCller=Philipp Ludwig Statius Müller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Plantagenet,_1st_Viscount_Lisle=Arturo Plantageneto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liviu-Dieter_Nisipeanu=Liviu Dieter Nisipeanu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazarus_and_Joannes_Baptista_Colloredo=Lazzaro e Giovanbattista Colloredo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Sewell=Henry Sewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Burnett,_Lord_Monboddo=James Burnett, Lord Monboddo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Jones_(bearded_woman)=Annie Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S%C5%82awomir_Rawicz=Sławomir Rawicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ogilby=William Ogilby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Smith=Alexis Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Grandjany=Marcel Grandjany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Rothschild,_1st_Baron_Rothschild=Nathan Rothschild, I barone Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cate_Shortland=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dooley_Wilson=Dooley Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seleucus_of_Seleucia=Seleuco di Seleucia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bull_(congressman)=John Bull (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bull_(composer)=John Bull (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Crowden=Graham Crowden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Huizinga=Johan Huizinga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordana_Brewster=Jordana Brewster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshida_Kenk%C5%8D=Yoshida Kenkō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murry_Wilson=Murry Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Colombo=Emilio Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Kelleher=Herbert Dwight Kelleher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anselm,_Duke_of_Friuli=Anselmo di Nonantola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Bernardino_Nanino=Giovanni Bernardino Nanino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Jagan=Janet Jagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcia_Strassman=Marcia Strassman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Billingsley=Barbara Billingsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Chodorov=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Coburn=Tom Coburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Graham_Cooper=James Graham Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joaqu%C3%ADn_Cort%C3%A9s=Joaquín Cortés
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karan_Johar=Karan Johar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Quimby=Harriet Quimby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napol%C3%A9on_Coste=Napoléon Coste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_La_Trobe=Charles La Trobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renate_M%C3%BCller=Renate Müller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Domett=Alfred Domett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Berra=Steve Berra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Nechayev=Sergej Gennadievič Nečaev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_von_Luschka=Hubert von Luschka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Horne=Herbert Percy Horne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Christmas=Stephen Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Tourneur=Jacques Tourneur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadfan_ap_Iago=Cadfan ap Iago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazir_Sabir=Nazir Sabir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigurd_Snake-in-the-Eye=Sigurðr ormr í auga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_R%C3%A9buffat=Gaston Rébuffat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_of_Woodstock,_1st_Earl_of_Kent=Edmondo di Woodstock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guiraut_Riquier=Guiraut Riquier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Michael_Tyler=James Michael Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton_James=Clifton James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Browne=Tara Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_Wells=Claudia Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clancy_Brown=Clancy Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padraic_Colum=Padraic Colum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danis_Tanovi%C4%87=Danis Tanović
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulgencio_Obelmejias=Fulgencio Obelmejias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erhard_Busek=Erhard Busek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christos_Tzekos=Christos Tzekos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basia_A'Hern=Basia A'Hern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alois_Mock=Alois Mock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheri_Blauwet=Cheri Blauwet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memnon_of_Rhodes=Memnone di Rodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dita_Parlo=Dita Parlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_John_Burchell=William John Burchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Turner_Bennett=Edward Turner Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleen_Moore=Colleen Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Moody_(composer)=Ivan Moody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Niekisch=Ernst Niekisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy,_9th_Earl_of_Northumberland=Henry Percy, IX conte di Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Chafee=John Lester Hubbard Chafee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammar_al-Baluchi=Ammar al-Baluchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annichen_Kringstad=Annichen Kringstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Delany=Dana Delany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilie_de_Ravin=Emilie de Ravin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabiha_Sumar=Sabiha Sumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Sacks=Harvey Sacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinichi_Watanabe=Shin'ichi Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabu_(actress)=Tabu (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Malina=Joshua Malina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Sarsgaard=Peter Sarsgaard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Williams=Liz Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grigory_Sokolov=Grigorij Lipmanovič Sokolov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erastus_Corning=Erastus Corning I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Mason_(novelist_1919%E2%80%931997)=Richard Mason (1919-1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basile_Gras=Basile Gras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrik_Berger=Patrik Berger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Mann=Anthony Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Kwan=Nancy Kwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Lemon=Mark Lemon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Oyelowo=David Oyelowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Serota=Nicholas Serota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petronilla_of_Aquitaine=Petronilla d'Aquitania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Abramovitz=Max Abramovitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanns_Heinz_Ewers=Hanns Heinz Ewers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bevis=John Bevis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Courtois=Guillaume Courtois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Courtois=Jacques Courtois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Balian=Roger Balian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blasius_Merrem=Blasius Merrem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Schayer=Bobby Schayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuliano_da_Sangallo=Giuliano da Sangallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Philipp_Achilles_Leisler=Johann Philipp Achilles Leisler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_da_Sangallo_the_Elder=Antonio da Sangallo il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_da_Sangallo_the_Younger=Antonio da Sangallo il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Bourcier=Jules Bourcier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leah_Remini=Leah Remini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Prowse=David Prowse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Ryan=Michelle Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse-Marie-Adolphe_de_Neuville=Alphonse-Marie-Adolphe de Neuville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darcey_Bussell=Darcey Bussell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cex_(musician)=Cex (musicista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdullah_Yusuf_Azzam=ʿAbd Allāh al-ʿAzzām
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fannie_Lou_Hamer=Fannie Lou Hamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuko_Kobayashi=Yūko Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masako_Katsuki=Masako Katsuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Shimizu=Kenji Shimizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakub_Deml=Jakub Deml
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Z%C3%A1brana=Jan Zábrana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Hay_(musician)=Roy Hay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Vidal=Paul Vidal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alastair_Pilkington=Alastair Pilkington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Bradford_Hill=Austin Bradford Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_von_Linde=Carl von Linde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boney_James=Boney James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Shepard=Lucius Shepard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Vane-Tempest-Stewart,_7th_Marquess_of_Londonderry=Charles Vane-Tempest-Stewart, VII marchese di Londonderry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Harris=Lauren Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Moore=Shannon Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Gayheart=Rebecca Gayheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Elroy_Flecker=James Elroy Flecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Bracchi=Alfredo Bracchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_D'Anzi=Giovanni D'Anzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_Caballero=Bernardino Caballero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Bush=Lauren Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Bean=Melissa Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Kellerman=Sally Kellerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Mar%C3%ADa_Arguedas=José María Arguedas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joss_Ackland=Joss Ackland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Bernard=Crystal Bernard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Bridges=Beau Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horacio_Quiroga=Horacio Quiroga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travis_Barker=Travis Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Burr_Blodgett=Katharine Burr Blodgett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gongsun_Zan=Gongsun Zan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Clara=Barbara Clara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_de_Tonty=Alphonse de Tonti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Owens_Thompson=Florence Leona Christie Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Williams_(Formula_One)=Frank Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Nielsen=Brigitte Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takizawa_Bakin=Kyokutei Bakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Irons=Andy Irons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ossman=David Ossman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Lenard=Mark Lenard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggie_Bannister=Reggie Bannister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Levertin=Oscar Levertin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Clay=Nicholas Clay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Marsman=Hendrik Marsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algernon_Freeman-Mitford,_1st_Baron_Redesdale=Algernon Freeman-Mitford, I barone Redesdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Schefferus=Johannes Schefferus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muslim_ibn_al-Hajjaj=Muslim ibn al-Hajjaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shankar_Dayal_Sharma=Shankar Dayal Sharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qasim_Amin=Qasim Amin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zinka_Milanov=Zinka Milanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Forbes-Robertson=Johnston Forbes-Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Andree=Richard Andree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silius_Italicus=Silio Italico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poggio_Bracciolini=Poggio Bracciolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francois_Victor_Massena,_2nd_Duke_of_Rivoli=François Victor Masséna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niccol%C3%B2_de'_Niccoli=Niccolò Niccoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerius_Antias=Valerio Anziate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Carew_(antiquary)=Richard Carew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Carey_(writer)=Henry Carey (drammaturgo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenestella=Fenestella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cleveland=John Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Power_Cobbe=Frances Power Cobbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Corwin=Jeff Corwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Constable=Henry Constable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Ford_(composer)=Thomas Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrix=Astrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Sekulow=Jay Sekulow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Crowe=Catherine Crowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Buehrig=Gordon Buehrig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anya_Corke=Anya Corke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Ki-hoon=Kim Ki-hoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Whitestone=Heather Whitestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Dane=Barbara Dane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_Kirk=Phyllis Kirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_de_Mil%C3%A1n=Luis de Milán
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Pinsker=Leon Pinsker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ryan=Robert Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Alan_Grier=David Alan Grier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Yunus=Ibn Yunus (astronomo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Rushailo=Vladimir Rušailo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Filelfo=Francesco Filelfo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filippo_Maria_Visconti=Filippo Maria Visconti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niccol%C3%B2_Piccinino=Niccolò Piccinino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_Hassanein_Heikal=Muhammad Hassaneyn Haykal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Bussone_da_Carmagnola=Francesco Bussone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinello_Aretino=Spinello Aretino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aulus_Caecina_Severus=Aulo Cecina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aulus_Caecina_Alienus=Aulo Cecina Alieno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Tadakatsu=Honda Tadakatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viola_Dana=Viola Dana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekuder=Tekuder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_von_Christ=Wilhelm von Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Boardman=Eleanor Boardman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Friedrich_Neumann=Karl Friedrich Neumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Rubruck=Guglielmo di Rubruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Georg_Morhof=Daniel Georg Morhof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolores_Costello=Dolores Costello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martita_Hunt=Martita Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_George_Horner=William George Horner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magas_of_Cyrene=Magas (re di Cirene)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Grigson=Geoffrey Grigson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detlev_von_Liliencron=Detlev von Liliencron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eikoh_Hosoe=Eikoh Hosoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Deloney=Thomas Deloney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Denham_(poet)=John Denham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Douce=Francis Douce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Echard=Laurence Echard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Ireland=Colin Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Cooper=Edmund Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirin=Shirin (regina sasanide)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_McCallum=Rick McCallum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Graham,_4th_Duke_of_Montrose=James Graham, IV duca di Montrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._M._Cornford=Francis Macdonald Cornford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_VI,_Count_of_Nassau-Dillenburg=Giovanni VI di Nassau-Dillenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvin_Kershner=Irvin Kershner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_VII,_Count_of_Nassau-Siegen=Giovanni VII di Nassau-Siegen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Ignacio_de_la_Vega=Ignacio de la Vega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Z._Arkoff=Samuel Z. Arkoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Mayhew=Peter Mayhew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greta_Van_Susteren=Greta Van Susteren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Ponti=Carlo Ponti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Bernau=Christopher Bernau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Henri=Robert Henri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Boaz=David Boaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Adams_(photographer)=Eddie Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Walker_Gilmer=Thomas Walker Gilmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Deniker=Joseph Deniker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maksym_Berezovsky=Maksim Sozontovič Berezovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Lesser=Otto Leberecht Lesser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cooper_(novelist)=William Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Spencer_(author)=Robert Spencer (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Mayo=Virginia Mayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Swinhoe=Charles Swinhoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Cornelis_van_Beverloo=Guillaume Cornelis van Beverloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_of_Fulda=Adamo di Fulda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Zasulich=Vera Zasulič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octavia_Hill=Octavia Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leandro_Fern%C3%A1ndez_de_Morat%C3%ADn=Leandro Fernández de Moratín
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marguerite_Durand=Marguerite Durand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Lopez=Sylvia Lopez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fawcett=Henry Fawcett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Finlay=George Finlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_Secor=Kyle Secor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Ford=Luke Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Bavier=Frances Bavier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Paskevich=Ivan Fëdorovič Paskevič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Martin_(poet)=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasir_Khusraw=Naser-e Khosrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Johnson=Clark Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter_Fletcher=Dexter Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Coudrin=Pierre Coudrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Rose=Steven Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choudhry_Rahmat_Ali=Choudhary Rahmat Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razia_Sultana=Radiya Sultana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiko_Fujita=Toshiko Fujita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junko_Minagawa=Junko Minagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuaki_Madono=Mitsuaki Madono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayako_Kawasumi=Ayako Kawasumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butch_Hartman=Butch Hartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaru_Emoto=Masaru Emoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choi_Ji-woo=Choi Ji-woo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Steele=Barbara Steele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Bava=Mario Bava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Biller=Maxim Biller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Anne_Worley=Jo Anne Worley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herodes_Atticus=Erode Attico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurinder_Chadha=Gurinder Chadha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_de_Montmorency,_Count_of_Horn=Filippo di Montmorency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Ehle=Jennifer Ehle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Hodge=Percy Hodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Mabillon=Jean Mabillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toivo_Loukola=Toivo Loukola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torri_Higginson=Torri Higginson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Luttrell=Rachel Luttrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Flanigan=Joe Flanigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niclas_Sahlgren=Nicolaus Sahlgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Tytla=Bill Tytla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Sun_Francks=Rainbow Sun Francks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hewlett=David Hewlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Olav_Fjeldheim=Nils Olav Fjeldheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Sugimoto=Hiroshi Sugimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Cools=André Cools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_II_de_La_Marck=Guglielmo II di La Marck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu_Jin=Yu Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barham_Salih=Barham Salih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Gallo=Joe Gallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mih%C3%A1ly_V%C3%B6r%C3%B6smarty=Mihály Vörösmarty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deidre_Downs=Deidre Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Rosselli=Domenico Rosselli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyer_Dolinsky=Meyer Dolinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gareth_Hunt=Gareth Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manly_Wade_Wellman=Manly Wade Wellmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saul_Chaplin=Saul Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlotta_Monti=Carlotta Monti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloys_I,_Prince_of_Liechtenstein=Luigi I del Liechtenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Mapes=Mary Mapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Meriwether=Lee Meriwether
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Shaw_(conductor)=Robert Shaw (direttore di coro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocceius_Auctus=Lucio Cocceio Aucto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothea_Mackellar=Dorothea Mackellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%A9rard_Grisey=Gérard Grisey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Dauthendey=Max Dauthendey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Smith_(poet)=Alexander Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Pinon=Dominique Pinon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Stevens_(car_designer)=Peter Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Flick=Friedrich Flick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romano_Artioli=Romano Artioli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brittany_Snow=Brittany Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret,_Countess_of_Tyrol=Margherita di Tirolo-Gorizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Hackett=Joan Hackett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrelly_brothers=Peter e Bobby Farrelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Barton=Elizabeth Barton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benno_Adam=Benno Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicente_Y%C3%A1%C3%B1ez_Pinz%C3%B3n=Vicente Yáñez Pinzón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Rapp=Anthony Rapp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Burchett=Tim Burchett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Courteline=Georges Courteline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Deraismes=Maria Deraismes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Le_Gloan=Pierre Le Gloan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erica_Durance=Erica Durance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Thomson_(B.V.)=James Thomson (poeta 1834-1882)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_F._Tracy=Benjamin Franklin Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiva_Naipaul=Shiva Naipaul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milarepa=Milarepa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Muth=Ellen Muth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheryl_Hines=Cheryl Hines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumiko_Hayashi_(author)=Fumiko Hayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyubov_Orlova=Ljubov' Petrovna Orlova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Top%C3%AErceanu=George Topîrceanu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luciano_Bottaro=Luciano Bottaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Scruton=Roger Scruton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamose=Kamose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Williams_(actor)=Mark Williams (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Parrish=Leslie Parrish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._K._Stalin=M. K. Stalin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldassarre_Longhena=Baldassare Longhena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Costa=Andrea Costa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flavel=John Flavel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Broomfield=Nick Broomfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary-Margaret_Humes=Mary-Margaret Humes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wesley_Shipp=John Wesley Shipp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Repeta=Nina Repeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bodkin_Adams=John Bodkin Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan_Neal=Dylan Neal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasha_Alexander=Sasha Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerr_Smith=Kerr Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philetaerus=Filetero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farabundo_Mart%C3%AD=Agustín Farabundo Martí
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Ascaso=Francisco Ascaso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_of_Lyra=Niccolò di Lira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Plummer=Amanda Plummer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Younge=Gary Younge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gu_Kaizhi=Gu Kaizhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_London=Julie London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikram_Antaki=Ikram Antaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tor_Johnson=Tor Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_LaBruce=Bruce LaBruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Douglas=Donna Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Richafort=Jean Richafort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Davis_(animator)=Marc Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polaire=Polaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hampson_(baritone)=Thomas Hampson (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Berry_Godfrey=Edmund Berry Godfrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Hyatt=Dave Hyatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Alva=Luigi Alva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Alegre=Manuel Alegre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Weiser=Mark Weiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margarete_Robsahm=Margarete Robsahm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wodehouse,_2nd_Earl_of_Kimberley=John Wodehouse, II conte di Kimberley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvina_Ocampo=Silvina Ocampo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandr_Medved=Aleksandr Medved'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Davies=Lynn Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracee_Ellis_Ross=Tracee Ellis Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Haines=Larry Haines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun'ichi_Kanemaru=Jun'ichi Kanemaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photius,_Metropolitan_of_Moscow=Fozio (metropolita di Kiev)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witelo=Witelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_W._McCrary=George Washington McCrary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Castelnuovo-Tedesco=Mario Castelnuovo-Tedesco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samaire_Armstrong=Samaire Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishikawa_Goemon=Ishikawa Goemon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Anaya=Jorge Anaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Laye=Evelyn Laye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Davis=Hope Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_de_Montfort=Enrico di Montfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitty=Pitty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahid_Kapoor=Shahid Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vyacheslav_von_Plehve=Vjačeslav Konstantinovič Pleve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Aurelius=Aurelio di Cartagine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoko_Aida=Shōko Aida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Th%C3%A9r%C3%A9sa_Tallien=Teresa Cabarrus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hrotsvitha=Roswitha di Gandersheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Alexander=Ross Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Wickes=Mary Wickes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Zanotelli=Alex Zanotelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandrakanta_(author)=Chandrakanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wilson_(director)=Robert Wilson (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaim_Rumkowski=Chaim Rumkowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Cripps,_1st_Baron_Parmoor=Charles Cripps, I barone Parmoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicity_Huffman=Felicity Huffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Fawcett=Percy Fawcett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_London=Tom London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Klatte=Fritz Klatte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Helmich_Roman=Johan Helmich Roman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Anstey_Guthrie=F. Anstey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marla_Gibbs=Marla Gibbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Laughlin=Thomas Laughlin (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philemon_Dickinson=Philemon Dickinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Elmer=Jonathan Elmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sybil_Ludington=Sybil Ludington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jovanka_Broz=Jovanka Broz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiho_Saito=Chiho Saitō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Marquand=Richard Marquand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raelee_Hill=Raelee Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_%C5%81aski=Jan Łaski (teologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Aske_(political_leader)=Robert Aske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secondo_Pia=Secondo Pia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Marchand=Nancy Marchand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigesato_Itoi=Shigesato Itoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_B._Calhamer=Allan B. Calhamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Seyfried=Amanda Seyfried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Allen=Debbie Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldo_Ray=Aldo Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Jaffe=Sam Jaffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fess_Parker=Fess Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuhiro_Nightow=Yasuhiro Nightow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_Patekar=Nana Patekar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mala_Sinha=Mala Sinha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebasti%C3%A1n_Vizca%C3%ADno=Sebastián Vizcaíno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Lentini=Frank Lentini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernold_of_Constance=Bernoldo di Costanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_S%C3%B3crates=José Sócrates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sidney,_6th_Earl_of_Leicester=John Sidney, VI conte di Leicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Iles=Greg Iles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Tarver=Antonio Tarver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Lynn_Rajskub=Mary Lynn Rajskub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Bishop=Kelly Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_McCarthy=Melissa McCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Dale=Alan Dale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honorius_Augustodunensis=Onorio Augustodunense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Denning=Richard Denning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadeusz_Kotarbi%C5%84ski=Tadeusz Kotarbiński
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Ward=Fred Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Mezrich=Ben Mezrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Kingsbury=Donald Kingsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Parkhurst=Helen Parkhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Serov=Ivan Aleksandrovič Serov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Franqui=Carlos Franqui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Ketch=Jack Ketch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lillo=George Lillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Lockwood=Gary Lockwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vsevolod_Merkulov=Vsevolod Nikolaevič Merkulov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scylax_of_Caryanda=Scilace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apichatpong_Weerasethakul=Apichatpong Weerasethakul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Gallagher=Helen Gallagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Buss=Jerry Buss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Tomkins=Thomas Tomkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadou_Bamba=Cheikh Ahmadou Bamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Nattiez=Jean-Jacques Nattiez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismail_Merchant=Ismail Merchant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Zuoren=Zhou Zuoren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Braxton_Hicks=John Braxton Hicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassan_Modarres=Ayatollah Modarres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kan'ami=Kanami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Albert_Bonsack=James Albert Bonsack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claus_Spahn=Claus Spahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hahn=David Hahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_R%C3%A9my_de_Guebhard=Caroline Rémy de Guebhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_B._Wallis=Hal B. Wallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Graham_Phillips=David Graham Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Mack_Brown=Johnny Mack Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Buzzi=Ruth Buzzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cam_Clarke=Cam Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himilco=Imilcone (navigatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Crowther_(Wiccan)=Patricia Crowther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Francis_Hall=Charles Francis Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gennady_Yanayev=Gennadij Ivanovič Janaev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Kryuchkov=Vladimir Aleksandrovič Krjučkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayaka_Komatsu=Ayaka Komatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexey_Fyodorovich_Orlov=Aleksej Fëdorovič Orlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Caan=Scott Caan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Grace=Patricia Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Storaro=Vittorio Storaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Plaster_Caster=Cynthia Plaster Caster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleen_Dion-Scotti=Colleen Dion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nora_Barnacle=Nora Barnacle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabrizio_Quattrocchi=Fabrizio Quattrocchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_La_Plante=Laura La Plante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_White=Alice White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauryn_Williams=Lauryn Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allyson_Felix=Allyson Felix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Warner=Rex Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lokaksema_(Buddhist_monk)=Lokakṣema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tayna_Lawrence=Tayna Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_de_Wahl=Edgar de Wahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Diamandis=Peter Diamandis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexey_Kaledin=Aleksej Maksimovič Kaledin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomasz_Sta%C5%84ko=Tomasz Stańko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Majorino=Tina Majorino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Tripplehorn=Jeanne Tripplehorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Szczepanik=Jan Szczepanik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izora_Armstead=Izora Armstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Tew=Thomas Tew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Charles_Johnson=Capitano Charles Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%96d%C3%B6n_von_Horv%C3%A1th=Ödön von Horváth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_Antonio_Mezzastris=Pier Antonio Mezzastris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France_Nuyen=France Nuyen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Ambrose=Lauren Ambrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gale_(congressman)=George Gale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Imaishi=Hiroyuki Imaishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Smith_(actor)=Gregory Smith (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Nakagawa=Akiko Nakagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Nakahara=Shigeru Nakahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masami_Kikuchi=Masami Kikuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carle_Vernet=Carle Vernet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Harris,_1st_Earl_of_Malmesbury=James Harris, I conte di Malmesbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Reichenbach=Ludwig Reichenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Meynell=Alice Meynell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolae_B%C4%83lcescu=Nicolae Bălcescu (rivoluzionario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ye_Shengtao=Ye Shengtao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_de_Beauharnais=Alessandro di Beauharnais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liang_Qichao=Liang Qichao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Dmitrievich_Zasyadko=Aleksandr Dmitrievič Zasjadko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Gentile=Enrico Gentile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_de_Bohun,_4th_Earl_of_Hereford=Humphrey de Bohun, IV conte di Hereford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lombardo_Boyar=Lombardo Boyar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savatheda_Fynes=Savatheda Fynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monique_Henderson=Monique Henderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanya_Richards-Ross=Sanya Richards-Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ponsonby=George Ponsonby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Pascal=Adam Pascal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabe_Newell=Gabe Newell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Vitoria=Francisco de Vitoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evan_Rachel_Wood=Evan Rachel Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangeline_Lilly=Evangeline Lilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Grace=Maggie Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Perrineau=Harold Perrineau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Garcia=Jorge Garcia (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Russell=Gary Russell (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inger_Miller=Inger Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Buvelot=Louis Buvelot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Mendes=Eva Mendes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherry_Jackson=Sherry Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Sebastian_Wesley=Samuel Sebastian Wesley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Sanada=Hiroyuki Sanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_De_Angelis=Enrico De Angelis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Giacobetti=Tata Giacobetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgilio_Savona=Virgilio Savona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felice_Chiusano=Felice Chiusano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucia_Mannucci=Lucia Mannucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_Mezzastris=Bernardino Mezzastris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Perceval_Graves=Alfred Perceval Graves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarsila_do_Amaral=Tarsila do Amaral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeria_Mazza=Valeria Mazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eupolis=Eupoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Cl%C3%A9ment=René Clément
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heneage_Finch,_1st_Earl_of_Nottingham=Heneage Finch, I conte di Nottingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabiha_G%C3%B6k%C3%A7en=Sabiha Gökçen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Height=Dorothy Height
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_A._Whiting=Richard A. Whiting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Knox_(sailor)=Robert Knox (viaggiatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Erpingham=Thomas Erpingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Paul_Butler=R. Paul Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Cecilia_of_Sweden=Cecilia Vasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Arzilli=Giuseppe Arzilli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Raschi=Roberto Raschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Fattori=Domenico Fattori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabio_Berardi=Fabio Berardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Svidler=Pëtr Veniaminovič Svidler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Bradley=Doug Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Percy_(bishop_of_Dromore)=Thomas Percy (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Des_Barres=Pamela Des Barres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillermo_Haro=Guillermo Haro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuhiro_Watsuki=Nobuhiro Watsuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didier_Queloz=Didier Queloz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrud_Scholtz-Klink=Gertrud Scholtz-Klink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuliya_Tabakova=Julija Tabakova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Biwott=Amos Biwott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Korir=Julius Korir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Norton_(Irish_actor)=Jim Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Kariuki=Julius Kariuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Scott_Stokes=Adrian Scott Stokes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Kerns=Joanna Kerns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Koenig=Joshua Andrew Koenig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sharp_(writer)=William Sharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Birir=Matthew Birir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvise_Cadamosto=Alvise Da Mosto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Clough=Anne Clough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste-Joseph_Gobel=Jean-Baptiste-Joseph Gobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anacharsis_Cloots=Anacharsis Cloots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Glock=Gaston Glock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arno_(singer)=Arno (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Gobain=Gobano d'Irlanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandrine_Tinn%C3%A9=Alexandrine Tinné
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erika_Alexander=Erika Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Crozat=Pierre Crozat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Charleson=Ian Charleson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Montagu,_1st_Duke_of_Montagu=Ralph Montagu, I duca di Montagu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Taylor=Veronica Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Dini_Ahmed=Ahmed Dini Ahmed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Fell=Norman Fell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclides_da_Cunha=Euclides da Cunha (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Grimble=Arthur Grimble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Yelchin=Anton Yelchin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Agostini=Leonardo Agostini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobo_Olson=Bobo Olson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasile_Alecsandri=Vasile Alecsandri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dario_Floreano=Dario Floreano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_McCowen=Alec McCowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Abrunhosa=Pedro Abrunhosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avienus=Postumio Rufio Festo Avienio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Jane=Thomas Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Malkin=Peter Malkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine_Pilkington=Lorraine Pilkington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neelam_Sanjiva_Reddy=Neelam Sanjiva Reddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhairon_Singh_Shekhawat=Bhairon Singh Shekhawat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_Goerne=Matthias Goerne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Ruffo=Vincenzo Ruffo (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rory_Culkin=Rory Culkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Murray_(animator)=Joe Murray (animatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Louisa_Geertruida_Bosboom-Toussaint=Anna Louisa Geertruida Bosboom-Toussaint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O.S.T.R.=O.S.T.R.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Vlastos=Gregory Vlastos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Bosc%C3%A1n_Almog%C3%A1ver=Juan Boscán
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Comte-Sponville=André Comte-Sponville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whit_Stillman=Whit Stillman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Karlstadt=Andrea Carlostadio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Keter=Joseph Keter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Russell=Jay Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Arnolfini=Giovanni Arnolfini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_B%C3%B6ttcher=Martin Böttcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezekiel_Kemboi=Ezekiel Kemboi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Lonsdale_Elmes=Harvey Lonsdale Elmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleavant_Derricks_(actor)=Cleavant Derricks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Nelson_(actress)=Tracy Nelson (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Arundell,_3rd_Baron_Arundell_of_Wardour=Henry Arundell, III barone Arundell di Wardour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Flechsig=Paul Flechsig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilde_Urrutia=Matilde Urrutia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semir_Zeki=Semir Zeki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Bernal=Martin Bernal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_Pratt=Orson Pratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Newton=Bert Newton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ameesha_Patel=Amisha Patel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gracy_Singh=Gracy Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Ryckmans=Pierre Ryckmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Reeves=Steve Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iphicrates=Ificrate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Marber=Patrick Marber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quinn_Martin=Quinn Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Connors=Mike Connors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lyon_(Scottish_politician)=George Lyon (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codrus=Codro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Le_Gallienne=Richard Le Gallienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Fossey=Brigitte Fossey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Aubert=Jeanne Aubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F%C3%A9lix_Ziem=Félix Ziem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Tourneur=Maurice Tourneur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henriette_Caillaux=Henriette Caillaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherilyn_Fenn=Sherilyn Fenn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrice_Leconte=Patrice Leconte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Kan-no=Shigeru Kan-no
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9s_Duany=Andrés Duany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Granach=Alexander Granach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Nikolaysen=Ellen Nikolaysen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Morton=Alexander Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Inmon=William H. Inmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Zipes=Jack Zipes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Nance=Jack Nance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_E._Coulson=Catherine E. Coulson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Krasnov=Pëtr Nikolaevič Krasnov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_McDonagh=Martin McDonagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Temple-Nugent-Brydges-Chandos-Grenville,_3rd_Duke_of_Buckingham_and_Chandos=Richard Temple-Nugent-Brydges-Chandos-Grenville, III duca di Buckingham e Chandos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kihachi_Okamoto=Kihachi Okamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Caelius_Rufus=Marco Celio Rufo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Seacole=Mary Seacole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_Baumbach=Noah Baumbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Cerri=Franco Cerri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Clayton=Derek Clayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nino_Castelnuovo=Nino Castelnuovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Wilhelm_Amo=Anton Wilhelm Amo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janel_Moloney=Janel Moloney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Watson_(actor)=Barry Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_M%C3%BCller=Walther Müller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_van_Veen=Herman van Veen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandie_Richards=Sandie Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Burgher=Michelle Burgher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanis%C5%82aw_Staszic=Stanisław Staszic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alf_Pr%C3%B8ysen=Alf Prøysen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zygmunt_Krasi%C5%84ski=Zygmunt Krasiński
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rimmer=John Rimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Booker=Christopher Booker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbigniew_Religa=Zbigniew Religa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Deol=Bobby Deol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirumalai_Krishnamacharya=Tirumalai Krishnamacharya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esha_Deol=Esha Deol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_de_Rothschild=Lionel de Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_of_Milly=Philippe de Milly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiziano_Terzani=Tiziano Terzani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Cosgrove=Peter Cosgrove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques-Laurent_Agasse=Jacques-Laurent Agasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne_Cabet=Étienne Cabet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keijo_Liinamaa=Keijo Liinamaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_White=Leslie White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Selvin=Ben Selvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_McCaskill=Claire McCaskill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Nettl=Bruno Nettl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annabeth_Gish=Annabeth Gish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Knoll=Thomas Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Boie=Friedrich Boie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumi_Hirano=Fumi Hirano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Lewisohn=Ludwig Lewisohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Wolfe=Ann Wolfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophilus_Howard,_2nd_Earl_of_Suffolk=Theophilus Howard, II conte di Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahghali=Shahghali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Hye-soo=Kim Hye-soo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Fadell=Tony Fadell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masashi_Kishimoto=Masashi Kishimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Boie=Heinrich Boie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eumenes_I=Eumene I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolfo_Amando_Philippi=Rodolfo Amando Philippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Scott_(architectural_historian)=Geoffrey Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simha_Arom=Simha Arom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Dahlhaus=Carl Dahlhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Wu=Harry Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomohiro_Nishikado=Tomohiro Nishikado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sebeok=Thomas Albert Sebeok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Macintosh=Ken Macintosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasius_Bibliothecarius=Antipapa Anastasio III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Zaslow=Michael Zaslow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Bruller=Vercors (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Heindel=Max Heindel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hoggart=Richard Hoggart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Flavin=Jennifer Flavin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Borowitz=Andy Borowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyoshi_Shiga=Kiyoshi Shiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saeko_Chiba=Saeko Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pam_Grier=Pam Grier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mugihito=Mugihito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Beinhart=Larry Beinhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tlacaelel=Tlacaelel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Tarnowski=Jan Tarnowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Darabont=Frank Darabont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Weelkes=Thomas Weelkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Sidney=Sylvia Sidney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lowenstein=Richard Lowenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Rice=Florence Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise-%C3%89lisabeth_de_Cro%C3%BF_de_Tourzel=Louise Elisabeth de Croÿ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Harris=Laura Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Lutatius_Catulus=Gaio Lutazio Catulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._I._Scofield=Cyrus Scofield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sal_Soghoian=Sal Soghoian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldine_Jewsbury=Geraldine Jewsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renato_Carosone=Renato Carosone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Fr%C3%A9d%C3%A9ric_Frenet=Jean Frédéric Frenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Rosch=Eleanor Rosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raimu=Jules Auguste César Muraire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_Ross=Blake Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._C._Fontana=D.C. Fontana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_II_of_Wallachia=Dan II di Valacchia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_I_Aldea=Alexandru I Aldea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cele_Goldsmith_Lalli=Cele Goldsmith Lalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9e_Jeanne_Falconetti=Renée Falconetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Duchesne=Louis Duchesne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Evans=Larry Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaki_Kajishima=Masaki Kajishima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%BCrgen_Bartsch=Jürgen Bartsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Taber=Catherine Taber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lexington=John Lexington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Quine=Richard Quine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Meyer=Marshall T. Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Varley_(painter)=John Varley (pittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_ben_Machir_ibn_Tibbon=Jacob ben Machir ibn Tibbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gra%C5%BCyna_Bacewicz=Grażyna Bacewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadeusz_Baird=Tadeusz Baird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Van_Rensburg=Johannes van Rensburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wangari_Maathai=Wangari Maathai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cornford=John Cornford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Cunard=Nancy Cunard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_White_(author)=Ted White (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Gr%C3%B6bner=Wolfgang Gröbner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Monicelli=Mario Monicelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_Dahlan=Mohammed Dahlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carey_Lowell=Carey Lowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gil_Eanes=Gil Eanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Armstrong=Curtis Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Guy-Blach%C3%A9=Alice Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chea_Sim=Chea Sim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlene_Dahl=Arlene Dahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hristo_Lukov=Hristo Lukov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Marshall_(bandleader)=William Marshall (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Maximovich=Karl Maksimovič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanice=Shanice (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Phillips=Sally Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanislaus_Joyce=Stanislaus Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Kingsley=Mary Kingsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libon_(architect)=Libone di Elide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Licinius_Stolo=Gaio Licinio Calvo Stolone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Max,_Prince_Lichnowsky=Karl Max von Lichnowsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Lewis_(actor)=Geoffrey Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariko_Kouda=Mariko Kōda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masami_Kurumada=Masami Kurumada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Bailey=Raymond Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ern%C5%91_Dohn%C3%A1nyi=Ernő Dohnányi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_McCracken=Craig McCracken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_Harden=Maximilian Harden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Heckscher=Eli Heckscher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudine_Auger=Claudine Auger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mart%C3%ADn_Alonso_Pinz%C3%B3n=Martín Alonso Pinzón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehan_Alain=Jehan Alain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Olsen=Gary Olsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cohn=Arthur Cohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Salles=Walter Salles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlieb_Conrad_Christian_Storr=Gottlieb Conrad Christian Storr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Plater-Zyberk=Elizabeth Plater-Zyberk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licinius_Macer=Gaio Licinio Macro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licinius_Macer_Calvus=Gaio Licinio Calvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Adams_(writer)=Andy Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Memmi=Albert Memmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Howard_(Australian_actor)=John Howard (attore 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Howard_(American_actor)=John Howard (attore 1913-1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Domenici=Leonardo Domenici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yousra=Yousra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Hubbard=Jordan Hubbard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Percy_Sinnett=Alfred Percy Sinnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Pasquini=Stefano W. Pasquini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achille_Bonito_Oliva=Achille Bonito Oliva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gowers_(neurologist)=William Richard Gowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Parris=Samuel Parris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Jacobs_(Welsh_athlete)=David Jacobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Macintosh=Henry Macintosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_d'Arcy=Victor d'Arcy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Martin_Leake=William Martin Leake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Blunt=Emily Blunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lucien_L%C3%A9andre=Charles Léandre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Bangle=Chris Bangle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Boleslawski=Richard Boleslawski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loren_Murchison=Loren Murchison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Coyle=John Coyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Kirksey=Morris Kirksey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Clarke=Louis Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olga_Neuwirth=Olga Neuwirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Menasse=Robert Menasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley_Duvall=Shelley Duvall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Hussey=Frank Hussey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_LeConey=Al LeConey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Wykoff=Frank Wykoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llu%C3%ADs_Dom%C3%A8nech_i_Montaner=Lluís Domènech i Montaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Sandwich=Ralph Sandwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mateo_Gil=Mateo Gil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Kirbye=George Kirbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bret_Michaels=Bret Michaels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeshayahu_Leibowitz=Yeshayahu Leibowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Williams=Wendy Williams (conduttrice televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idrissa_Ouedraogo=Idrissa Ouédraogo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Fuller=Samuel Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eug%C3%A8ne_Bozza=Eugène Bozza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imelda_Staunton=Imelda Staunton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuko_Baisho=Mitsuko Baishō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keenan_Wynn=Keenan Wynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Momoi=Kaori Momoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Colter=John Colter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Jab%C3%A8s=Edmond Jabès
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Buscaglione=Fred Buscaglione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Chiosso=Leo Chiosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Olofsson=Maud Olofsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Brett,_1st_Viscount_Esher=William Brett, I visconte Esher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohuslav_Hasi%C5%A1tejnsk%C3%BD_z_Lobkovic=Bohuslav Hasištejnský z Lobkovic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Alphonse_Laurent=Pierre Alphonse Laurent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parmenion=Parmenione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Gazzara=Ben Gazzara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rumbaugh=James Rumbaugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ji%C5%99%C3%AD_Mahen=Jiří Mahen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P%C3%A9ter_N%C3%A1das=Péter Nádas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_William_Newman=Francis William Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Cleobury=Stephen Cleobury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Quinn_(athlete)=James Quinn (atleta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Howell=Leonard Howell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivana_Trump=Ivana Trump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Plutchik=Robert Plutchik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Brice=Pierre Brice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lemon_Lander=Richard Lemon Lander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olga_Petrova=Olga Petrova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre-Th%C3%A9odore_Brongniart=Alexandre-Théodore Brongniart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollo_Carpenter=Rollo Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Brock=Bill Brock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Stack_Sullivan=Harry Stack Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Cailliau=Robert Cailliau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Astell=Mary Astell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hamilton,_2nd_Duke_of_Abercorn=James Hamilton, II duca di Abercorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoinette_Brown_Blackwell=Antoinette Brown Blackwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina_Tognoni=Gina Tognoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Browne_Blackwell=Henry Browne Blackwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitoshi_Ashinano=Hitoshi Ashinano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masako_Nozawa=Masako Nozawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Mizuhashi=Kaori Mizuhashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakura_Tange=Sakura Tange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuyuki_Hiyama=Nobuyuki Hiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bin_Shimada=Bin Shimada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Sullivan=Susan Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Treacy=John Treacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Leduc=Mark Leduc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Blair_(astronomer)=Robert Blair (astronomo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Leisner=Karl Leisner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Saltzman=Harry Saltzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charley_Borah=Charles Borah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnaeus_Cornelius_Cinna_Magnus=Gneo Cornelio Cinna Magno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Kiesel=Robert Kiesel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmett_Toppino=Emmett Toppino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Shau-kee=Lee Shau Kee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector_Dyer=Hector Dyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_%C5%9Aniadecki=Jan Śniadecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foy_Draper=Foy Draper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Wright=Lorenzo Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Wood=Sam Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Haymes=Dick Haymes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Talmadge=Norma Talmadge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eumenes_II=Eumene II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Field_(author)=Edith Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Ross=Herbert Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_of_Preslav=Costantino di Preslav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernorizets_Hrabar=Černorizec Hrabăr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micha%C5%82_S%C4%99dziw%C3%B3j=Michael Sendivogius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daryl_Sabara=Daryl Sabara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Kerr,_12th_Marquess_of_Lothian=Peter Kerr, XII marchese di Lothian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaspar_Maria_von_Sternberg=Kaspar Maria von Sternberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugo_Cerletti=Ugo Cerletti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Marsden=James Marsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Cambini=Giuseppe Cambini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Clennon=David Clennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ridley_Stroop=John Ridley Stroop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Bastedo=Alexandra Bastedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Irwin=Bill Irwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Ivanov-Vano=Ivan Petrovič Ivanov-Vano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Damanaki=Maria Damanakī
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriarch_Theodore_II_of_Alexandria=Teodoro II di Alessandria (ortodosso)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Giampaolo=Dominic Giampaolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Angiolillo=Michele Angiolillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Panabaker=Kay Panabaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hyatt=Robert Hyatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorak=Zorak (personaggio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Joseph_Fux=Johann Joseph Fux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Pettersson=Allan Pettersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cris_Carter=Cris Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Pott=August Pott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Ginzburg=Carlo Ginzburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Vestoff=Virginia Vestoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Flanagan=Richard Flanagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Nari%C3%B1o=Antonio Nariño
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Whitburn=Joel Whitburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideyuki_Hori=Hideyuki Hori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Indelicato=Alphonse Indelicato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luz_Long=Luz Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Anel=Dominique Anel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jovito_Salonga=Jovito Salonga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claribel_Medina=Claribel Medina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yosef_Hayyim=Yosef Hayyim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_D%C3%BChring=Karl Eugen Dühring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otokar_Fischer=Otokar Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiziano_Fratus=Tiziano Fratus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonel_Brizola=Leonel Brizola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Fuller=Penny Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Modjeska=Helena Modjeska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Williamson=Marianne Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandr_Ptushko=Aleksandr Lukič Ptuško
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Eldridge=Florence Eldridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kyle=David Kyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulca=Vulca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Spencer-Churchill,_10th_Duke_of_Marlborough=John Spencer-Churchill, X duca di Marlborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Duhamel=Antoine Duhamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsie_Ferguson=Elsie Ferguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marj_Dusay=Marj Dusay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Hanfstaengl=Ernst Hanfstaengl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Anderson=Anthony Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Lowe=Percy Lowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonnatus=Leonnato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ade=George Ade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittacus_of_Mytilene=Pittaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_Alicia=Ana Alicia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Walden=Rudolf Walden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Goldwyn=Tony Goldwyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bowlby=John Bowlby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patty_(Peanuts)=Patty (Peanuts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Marshall_(actor)=William Marshall (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Convy=Bert Convy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniele_Capezzone=Daniele Capezzone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Medtner=Nikolaj Karlovič Metner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Cato=Milton Cato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Leighton=Margaret Leighton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Reuleaux=Franz Reuleaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mika_Kanai=Mika Kanai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Johnson_Jerald=Penny Johnson Jerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudius_Clavus=Claudius Clavus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirupa_Roy=Nirupa Roy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Dennehy=Brian Dennehy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvor_Winters=Yvor Winters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elpidia_Carrillo=Elpidia Carrillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocco_Buttiglione=Rocco Buttiglione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendan_Eich=Brendan Eich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla_Rutherford=Camilla Rutherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edna_Best=Edna Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Alfred_Serret=Joseph-Alfred Serret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Lyon=Ben Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afanasy_Nikitin=Afanasij Nikitin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Rupert=Anton Rupert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Jefferson=Marshall Jefferson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitris_Avramopoulos=Dīmītrīs Avramopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ricketts=Charles Ricketts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leevi_Madetoja=Leevi Madetoja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Brook=Michael Brook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Jelles_Troelstra=Pieter Jelles Troelstra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Penner=Fred Penner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertine_Auclert=Hubertine Auclert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_M._Dickinson=Donald McDonald Dickinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesca_Martinez=Francesca Martinez (attrice britannica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Almeida=Francisco de Almeida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_McRaney=Gerald McRaney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gregory_(actor)=James Gregory (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Pastore=Vincent Pastore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Demarest=William Demarest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanis%C5%82aw_Jerzy_Lec=Stanisław Jerzy Lec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Myaskovsky=Nikolaj Jakovlevič Mjaskovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Rowan=Kelly Rowan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varvara_Stepanova=Varvara Stepanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bickford=Charles Bickford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Vogt=Carl Vogt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Wolf=Dick Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ferrier=David Ferrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elly_Ameling=Elly Ameling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbeinu_Tam=Rabbenu Tam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lolita_Davidovich=Lolita Davidovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Gough_(voice_actor)=Michael Gough (doppiatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepin_of_Italy=Pipino d'Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mateusz_Kusznierewicz=Mateusz Kusznierewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lane=William Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodrigo_Prieto=Rodrigo Prieto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Flynn_(minister)=John Flynn (pastore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Frankel=Benjamin Frankel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeetendra=Jeetendra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Glazer=Malcolm Glazer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Hisham=Ibn Hisham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muwatalli_II=Muwatalli II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnuwanda_III=Arnuwanda III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mursili_III=Muršili III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Harty=Hamilton Harty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnuwanda_I=Arnuwanda I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tudhaliya_II=Tudhaliya II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramanuja=Rāmānuja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stefano=Joseph Stefano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Replogle=Todd Replogle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Estes=Will Estes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Pipes=Richard Pipes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonzalo_Torrente_Ballester=Gonzalo Torrente Ballester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Denver=James William Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawatake_Mokuami=Kawatake Mokuami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Sillero-Zubiri=Claudio Sillero-Zubiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwen_Guthrie=Gwen Guthrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Benveniste=Jacques Benveniste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taeko_Kawata=Taeko Kawata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuru_Miyamoto=Mitsuru Miyamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victorio=Victorio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hafsa_bint_Umar=Hafsa bint Umar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Vitelleschi=Giovanni Maria Vitelleschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaynab_bint_Khuzayma=Zaynab bint Khuzayma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaynab_bint_Jahsh=Zaynab bint Jaḥsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_La_Marr=Barbara La Marr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safiyya_bint_Huyayy=Safiyya bint Huyayy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maymunah_bint_al-Harith=Maymuna bint al-Harith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_al-Qibtiyya=Marya al-Qibtiyya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Arbus=Allan Arbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Corbijn=Anton Corbijn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Frost_Abbott=Frank Frost Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caitlin_Moran=Caitlin Moran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermione_Gingold=Hermione Gingold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Commoner=Barry Commoner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Indiana=Robert Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unico_Wilhelm_van_Wassenaer=Unico Wilhelm van Wassenaer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Verica=Tom Verica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Wunderlich=Fritz Wunderlich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Michelini=Giovanni Battista Michelini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Pevsner=Anton Pevsner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Silva=Frank Silva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Googie_Withers=Googie Withers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Letzel=Jan Letzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Cerone=Domenico Pietro Cerone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanaia_Mahuta=Nanaia Mahuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samy_Molcho=Samy Molcho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Louis_Barrault=Jean-Louis Barrault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Gaspard_Deburau=Jean-Gaspard Debureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serafino_Belfanti=Serafino Belfanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ira_Murchison=Ira Murchison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thane_Baker=Thane Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernd_Cullmann=Bernd Cullmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Walsh=Louis Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Mahlendorf=Walter Mahlendorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minna_Canth=Minna Canth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Lauer=Martin Lauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Drayton_(athlete)=Paul Drayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry_Ashworth=Gerald Ashworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Stebbins=Richard Stebbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%A1szl%C3%B3_M%C3%A9r%C5%91=László Mérő
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_O'Brien_(novelist)=John O'Brien (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Laloux=René Laloux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gy%C3%B6rgy_D%C3%B3zsa=György Dózsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Muzychuk=Anna Muzyčuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Parry=Joseph Parry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Warner=Amelia Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgacus=Calgaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Wagner_(composer)=Josef Franz Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Frye=Walter Frye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Theodor_Baargeld=Johannes Theodor Baargeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Ardig%C3%B2=Roberto Ardigò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Buntline=Ned Buntline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Axelrod=Pavel Borisovič Aksel'rod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_W%C3%B6lfflin=Heinrich Wölfflin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Benda=Julien Benda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielle_Panabaker=Danielle Panabaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Willing=Thomas Willing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Lemmon=Chris Lemmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Gerard=Alexander Gerard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiane_Balasko=Josiane Balasko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gillespie=George Gillespie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Hamilton_(writer)=Elizabeth Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_A._Herbert=Hilary Abner Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliza_Haywood=Eliza Haywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hamilton_(politician)=Paul Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siegfried_Buback=Siegfried Buback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Hill_(writer)=Aaron Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Owens_(actor)=Chris Owens (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitch_Pileggi=Mitch Pileggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcia_Cross=Marcia Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Lea=Nicholas Lea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinda_McGraw=Melinda McGraw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_L._Southard=Samuel Lewis Southard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oommen_Chandy=Oommen Chandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Magloire=Paul Eugène Magloire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Burroughs=John Burroughs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carlos=John Carlos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Jesenius=Jan Jesenius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milena_Jesensk%C3%A1=Milena Jesenská
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Rose=Ralph Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Pender=Melvin Pender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Black=Larry Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Cabot=Bruce Cabot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Alden_Adams=Don Alden Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Hart_(athlete)=Eddie Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrienne_Ames=Adrienne Ames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ippolito_de'_Medici=Ippolito de' Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Lonergan=Bernard Lonergan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Earl_Hughes=Robert Earl Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grigory_Chukhray=Grigorij Naumovič Čuchraj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Pellington=Mark Pellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Sj%C3%B6str%C3%B6m=Victor Sjöström
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Oland=Warner Oland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarita_Teriipaia=Tarita Teriipia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alla_Nazimova=Alla Nazimova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Pyke=Geoffrey Pyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Des_Barres=Michael Des Barres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyvind_Earle=Eyvind Earle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Ibbotson=Derek Ibbotson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Shean=Al Shean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stafford_Repp=Stafford Repp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Chisini=Oscar Chisini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stevenson_(director)=Robert Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvio_Passerini=Silvio Passerini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Garber=Matthew Garber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eri_Sendai=Eri Sendai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiro_Shimono=Hiro Shimono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Solomon_Delmedigo=Joseph Solomon Delmedigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Mochihito=Principe Mochihito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Geulincx=Arnold Geulincx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_von_Pastor=Ludwig von Pastor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Koenig=Alexander Koenig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrienne_Monnier=Adrienne Monnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Kingsford=Anna Kingsford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Jepson=Edgar Jepson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Accardo=Tony Accardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhvacharya=Madhva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Glance=Harvey Glance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millard_Hampton=Millard Hampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Trumbull=Douglas Trumbull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_VanCamp=Emily VanCamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Faust=Johann Georg Faust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Beachell=Henry Beachell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Gin%C3%A9s_de_Sep%C3%BAlveda=Juan Ginés de Sepúlveda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jil_Sander=Jil Sander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Diller=Barry Diller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Maiellaro=Matt Maiellaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trisha_Noble=Trisha Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_M._Schenck=Joseph Schenck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanchard_Ryan=Blanchard Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Sime=David Sime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jared_Harris=Jared Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalino_Otto=Natalino Otto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Holloway=Josh Holloway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Levine=Adam Levine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Dae_Kim=Daniel Dae Kim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Heider=Fritz Heider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Somerhalder=Ian Somerhalder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naveen_Andrews=Naveen Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Muir=William Muir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunjin_Kim=Yunjin Kim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._I._Packer=James Innell Packer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Carr,_Countess_of_Somerset=Frances Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Benjamin=Richard Benjamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delbert_Mann=Delbert Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathew_St._Patrick=Mathew St. Patrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Burke_(politician)=Richard Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunil_Shetty=Sunil Shetty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Om_Puri=Om Puri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chika_Sakamoto=Chika Sakamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lat=LAT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Salerno=Nisa (paroliere)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psamtik_III=Psammetico III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_IV,_Duke_of_Austria=Federico IV d'Asburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikki_Cox=Nikki Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._K._Simmons=J. K. Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Simpson=Thomas Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Ellis=Robin Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carla_Bruni=Carla Bruni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Jefferson_Randolph=Martha Jefferson Randolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Couturat=Louis Couturat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Balfour=Eric Balfour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Fish=Fred Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flo_Sandon's=Flo Sandon's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Regan=Tom Regan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dustin_Nguyen=Dustin Nguyen (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Louisa_Woods=Margaret Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasmine_Guy=Jasmine Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albertus_Seba=Albertus Seba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ursula_Plassnik=Ursula Plassnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_Pauker=Ana Pauker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrinal_Sen=Mrinal Sen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassan_al-Turabi=Hasan al-Turabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigismondo_d'India=Sigismondo d'India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadeq_Mohammad_Khan_V=Sadeq Mohammad Khan V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_Wilson=Rita Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_C._Dobbin=James Cochran Dobbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Mercurio=Paul Mercurio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucha_Reyes_(Peruvian_singer)=Lucha Reyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_Ban=Lu Ban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_Smith=Lane Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brannon_Braga=Brannon Braga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Clark_(musician)=Dave Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Wotton_(zoologist)=Edward Wotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Th%C3%A9ophile_Steinlen=Théophile Alexandre Steinlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Krueger=Bob Krueger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Millman=Jakob Mil'man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrett_Wang=Garrett Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Phillips=Ethan Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Wright=Amy Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Monck,_2nd_Duke_of_Albemarle=Christopher Monck, II duca di Albemarle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bertie,_1st_Duke_of_Ancaster_and_Kesteven=Robert Bertie, I duca di Ancaster e Kesteven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasteur_Bizimungu=Pasteur Bizimungu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Thorpe=Richard Thorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerzy_Hoffman=Jerzy Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Klemens_Branicki=Jan Branicki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngawang_Namgyal=Shabdrung Ngawang Namgyal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Krause=Jerry Krause
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Vendryes=Joseph Vendryes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicente_Ferreira_Pastinha=Mestre Pastinha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sienna_Miller=Sienna Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Callahan_(photographer)=Harry Callahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Panzram=Carl Panzram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilde_Hildebrand=Hilde Hildebrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Emmet_Walsh=M. Emmet Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Crane_(programmer)=David Crane (programmatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulcie_September=Dulcie September
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Rabagliati=Alberto Rabagliati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernesto_Bonino=Ernesto Bonino (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorni_Kramer=Gorni Kramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loris_Stecca=Loris Stecca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilya_Ulyanov=Il'ja Nikolaevič Ul'janov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donal_Logue=Donal Logue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Wilhelm_Hahn=Carl Wilhelm Hahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Bruce,_3rd_Baron_Aberdare=Clarence Bruce, III barone Aberdare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Alexandrovna_Ulyanova=Marija Aleksandrovna Blank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bruce,_2nd_Baron_Aberdare=Henry Bruce, II barone Aberdare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aidan_Quinn=Aidan Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moira_Kelly=Moira Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvera_Sanchez=Elvera Sanchez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy_Davis_Sr.=Sammy Davis Sr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Franz_Buddeus=Johann Franz Budde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Mastin=Will Mastin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Britt=May Britt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altovise_Davis=Altovise Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_H%C3%A4berlin=Paul Häberlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Mohan_Adhikari=Man Mohan Adhikari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Karjakin=Sergej Karjakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miriam_Toews=Miriam Toews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leah_Pipes=Leah Pipes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Fischer=Fritz Fischer (storico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krista_Tesreau=Krista Tesreau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_A._Kimball=Dan A. Kimball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Lutz_(businessman)=Robert Anthony Lutz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ernest_Hocking=William Ernest Hocking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Todd=Tony Todd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_DeLisle=Grey DeLisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharmila_Tagore=Sharmila Tagore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Bass_(outlaw)=Sam Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endre_Ady=Endre Ady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shunsuke_Nakamura=Shunsuke Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bingham=Joseph Bingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Diodati=Giovanni Diodati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Davenant=Charles Davenant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Cahill=Erin Cahill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Willett=Thomas Willett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ettore_Cunial=Ettore Cunial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Episcopius=Simon Episcopius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Wadding=Luca Wadding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Hutchinson=Lucy Hutchinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_van_Limborch=Philipp van Limborch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Barrett=Tina Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_LaPaglia=Jonathan LaPaglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodhi_May=Jodhi May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matteo_La_Grua=Matteo La Grua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Keith_(actor)=Robert Keith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_de_Ros_(died_1285)=Robert de Ros, I barone de Ros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdagases_I=Abdagase I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_William_Lane=Edward William Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Godfrey_Leland=Charles Godfrey Leland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus=Gesù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Mackay_(author)=Charles Mackay (autore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catharine_Macaulay=Catharine Macaulay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Macklin=Charles Macklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Manners,_2nd_Earl_of_Rutland=Henry Manners, II conte di Rutland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Manners,_6th_Earl_of_Rutland=Frances Manners, VI conte di Rutland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Nuno_Pinto_da_Costa=Pinto da Costa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Poole=William Poole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronika_Cherkasova=Veranika Čarkasava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Redfield=James Redfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Robertson=Morgan Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvan_Abeylegesse=Elvan Abeylegesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Rutmanis=Kevin Rutmanis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Cambridge=Ada Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Walker_(actress)=Kim Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Johnson_(criminal)=Albert Johnson (criminale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_Medress=Hank Medress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_McCormick=Carolyn McCormick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Bonsall=Brian Bonsall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patti_Yasutake=Patti Yasutake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukas_Foss=Lukas Foss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gennady_Rozhdestvensky=Gennadij Nikolaevič Roždestvenskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heng_Samrin=Heng Samrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Staniforth=Michael Staniforth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizzy_Caplan=Lizzy Caplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Bleibtreu=Moritz Bleibtreu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Villiers,_Duchess_of_Buckingham=Katherine Manners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Clarence_Mangan=James Clarence Mangan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Martin=Theodore Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S%C3%A1muel_Teleki=Sámuel Teleki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_James_Mathias=Thomas James Mathias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_Durkin=Junior Durkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conor_McPherson=Conor McPherson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djedefre=Djedefra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Montagu=Elizabeth Montagu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Baker=Stanley Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Dell=Dorothy Dell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Coyle=Richard Coyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Rolle=Richard Rolle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Cunitz=Maria Cunitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koca_Sinan_Pasha=Koca Sinan Pascià
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehmed_Said_Pasha=Küçük Mehmed Said Pascià
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Kentenich=Josef Kentenich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehmed_Fuad_Pasha=Fu'ad Pascià
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Friedrich_von_Ammon=Christoph Friedrich von Ammon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Surnow=Joel Surnow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Rosmer=Alfred Rosmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Hendrick=Rick Hendrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iain_Softley=Iain Softley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Auspitz=Heinrich Auspitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggie_Nalder=Reggie Nalder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Alioto=Joseph Alioto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Church_(physician)=Benjamin Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Aldridge=Alan Aldridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Thomas=Henry Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunayn_ibn_Ishaq=Hunayn ibn Ishaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Newbern=George Newbern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Allen=Rex Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Carn%C3%A9=Marcel Carné
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Ray=Gabrielle Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascale_Ogier=Pascale Ogier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Guillaume=Albert Guillaume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cl%C3%A9o_de_M%C3%A9rode=Cléo de Mérode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dani_Levy=Dani Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelus_Silesius=Angelus Silesius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Prados=Emilio Prados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Corner=Philip Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Amsler-Laffon=Jakob Amsler-Laffon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Reicha=Antonín Reicha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hayman_Cummings=William Hayman Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophilus_Presbyter=Teofilo (monaco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Ries=Ferdinand Ries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_D._Wright=Carolyn D. Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misato_Fukuen=Misato Fukuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Thomas_Bacon=Francis Thomas Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Oppenheimer=Ernest Oppenheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Israeli_ben_Solomon=Isaac Israeli ben Solomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Merrill=Robert Merrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Tufail=Ibn Tufayl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unsuk_Chin=Unsuk Chin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Sexwale=Tokyo Sexwale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivy_Queen=Ivy Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Louise=Anita Louise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Polito=Jon Polito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lona_Andre=Lona Andre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_X_Alexander_I=Tolomeo X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Demy=Jacques Demy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijay_Tendulkar=Vijay Tendulkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Campbell_(geologist)=Colin Campbell (geologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Golding=Louis Golding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermenguer=Ermenguer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Vyrubova=Anna Vyrubova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Trease=Geoffrey Trease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Brownmiller=Susan Brownmiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaucelm=Gocelone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Davies=Terence Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudy_Van_Gelder=Rudy Van Gelder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ole_Kirk_Christiansen=Ole Kirk Christiansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Brittany=Morgan Brittany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_Fuca=Juan de Fuca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Easterbrook=Leslie Easterbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%A1nos_Starker=János Starker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_James_Hall,_4th_Baronet=James Hall (1761-1832)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisette_de_Brinon=Lisette de Brinon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_De_Filippo=Eduardo De Filippo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hua_Tuo=Hua Tuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_L._Martin=Jesse L. Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Epatha_Merkerson=S. Epatha Merkerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proof_(rapper)=Proof (rapper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Muravyov_(athlete)=Vladimir Murav'ëv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Dundas,_2nd_Marquess_of_Zetland=Lawrence Dundas, II marchese di Zetland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Sidorov=Nikolaj Sidorov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Prokofyev=Andrej Prokof'ev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Prokosch=Frederic Prokosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernle_Chatfield,_1st_Baron_Chatfield=Ernle Chatfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Bryzhin=Viktor Bryzgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Krylov=Vladimir Krylov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitaliy_Savin=Vitalij Savin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_Richie=Shane Richie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucille_Bremer=Lucille Bremer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Hegemann=Werner Hegemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aftab_Shivdasani=Aftab Shivdasani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_von_Bismarck=Herbert von Bismarck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_ibn_Husayn_Zayn_al-Abidin=Ali ibn al-Husayn (Zayn al-'Abidin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Greene=Liz Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ustadh_Sis=Ustadh Sis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bera,_Count_of_Barcelona=Berà, conte di Barcellona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meena_Keshwar_Kamal=Meena Keshwar Kamal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Najdorf=Miguel Najdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beth_Ehlers=Beth Ehlers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampon,_Count_of_Barcelona=Rampò di Barcellona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egill_Skallagr%C3%ADmsson=Egill Skallagrímsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Weingartner=Felix Weingartner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_de_Bourbon,_Duchess_of_Bourbon=Giovanna di Borbone-Vendôme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_of_Septimania=Bernardo I di Tolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M%C3%A1irt%C3%ADn_%C3%93_Dire%C3%A1in=Máirtín Ó Direáin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_McRae=Colin McRae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaim_of_Volozhin=Chaim Ickovits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uchenna_Emedolu=Uchenna Emedolu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shingo_Suetsugu=Shingo Suetsugu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yazaldes_Nascimento=Yazaldes Nascimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Czaplicka=Maria Czaplicka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Allam=Roger Allam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Harrison_(actor)=Richard Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldfield_Thomas=Oldfield Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Faulks=Sebastian Faulks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gilbert_(naturalist)=John Gilbert (naturalista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Saabye_Christensen=Lars Saabye Christensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Acker=Jean Acker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Erwitt=Elliott Erwitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Simon=Simone Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tukaram=Tukaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basarab_II_of_Wallachia=Basarab II di Valacchia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Hamilton_(actor)=Neil Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madge_Blake=Madge Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Thomas=Leslie Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naja_Marie_Aidt=Naja Marie Aidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Pazienza=Andrea Pazienza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Asplund=Lillian Asplund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_von_Borsody=Suzanne von Borsody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Ypsilantis_(1725%E2%80%931805)=Alexander Ypsilantis (1725-1805)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rintaro=Rintarō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakianako_Nariki=Kakianako Nariki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berengar_the_Wise=Berengario I di Tolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillemundus=Guillemundus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meb_Keflezighi=Mebrahtom Keflezighi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Brown=Jon Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jared_Taylor=Jared Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Clive=Colin Clive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Asafyev=Boris Vladimirovič Asaf'ev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Peter_Hall=Kevin Peter Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoff_Crammond=Geoff Crammond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansoor_Hekmat=Mansoor Hekmat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciriaco_De_Mita=Ciriaco De Mita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lettice_Knollys=Lettice Knollys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Burns=Marc Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kareem_Streete-Thompson=Kareem Streete-Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicente_de_Lima=Vicente de Lima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Sohl=Jerry Sohl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sybil_Thorndike=Sybil Thorndike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Furneaux=Tobias Furneaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miri_Yu=Miri Yū
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P%C3%A9ter_Esterh%C3%A1zy=Péter Esterházy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aureolus_of_Aragon=Aureolus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oodgeroo_Noonuccal=Oodgeroo Noonuccal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Yepishin=Andrej Epišin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Bartholomew=Freddie Bartholomew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibrahim_al-Makadmeh=Ibrahim al-Maqadma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Frank=Paul Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Linder=Max Linder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Gabin=Jean Gabin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Shaw=Greg Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Robsart=Amy Robsart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delme_Thomas=Delme Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Noll=Ingrid Noll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_of_Helmarshausen=Ruggero di Helmarshausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Kellerman=Annette Kellerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristin_Chenoweth=Kristin Chenoweth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Gordon_Laing=Alexander Gordon Laing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Bureau=Jean Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Purdy=Cecil Purdy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burkhard,_Margrave_of_Austria=Burcardo d'Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Dunham=Katherine Dunham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Truscott=Steven Truscott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Childress=Mark Childress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Junxia=Wang Junxia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Borodin=Michail Markovič Borodin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gray_(U.S._author)=John Gray (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmy_Rossum=Emmy Rossum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parley_P._Pratt=Parley P. Pratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Eckert=Franz Eckert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Sturm=Julius Sturm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juhi_Chawla=Juhi Chawla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dainis_Ozols=Dainis Ozols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarak_Ben_Ammar=Tarak Ben Ammar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dwight_Whitney=William Dwight Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treg_Brown=Treg Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meighan_Desmond=Meighan Desmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dik_Browne=Dik Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Akroyd_Stuart=Herbert Akroyd Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgard_Colle=Edgar Colle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ogonowski=John Ogonowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_Blount,_Countess_of_Devonshire=Penelope Devereux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_VI,_Margrave_of_Baden=Ermanno VI di Baden-Baden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_of_Austria=Gertrude di Babenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Han_Shaogong=Han Shaogong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marceline_Desbordes-Valmore=Marceline Desbordes-Valmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Callea=Anthony Callea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_R._Pierce=John Robinson Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ange-Jacques_Gabriel=Ange-Jacques Gabriel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_Dan_George=Chief Dan George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Messmer=Otto Messmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luiz_Bonf%C3%A1=Luiz Bonfá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamsin_Greig=Tamsin Greig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Broc=Jean Broc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haakon_Sigurdsson=Hákon Sigurðarson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karol_Lipi%C5%84ski=Karol Lipiński
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Othmar_Schoeck=Othmar Schoeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Savile_(Bible_translator)=Henry Savile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Babbitt=Irving Babbitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Digby,_1st_Earl_of_Bristol=John Digby, I conte di Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Kinsey=Robert Kinsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Ozanam=Jacques Ozanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaughn_Meader=Vaughn Meader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Robertson_Nicoll=William R. Nicoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avram_Iancu=Avram Iancu (avvocato)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Bayldon=Geoffrey Bayldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cecil,_3rd_Earl_of_Salisbury=James Cecil, III conte di Salisbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mieczys%C5%82aw_Weinberg=Moisej Samuilovič Vajnberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Paige=Peter Paige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_Gill=Thea Gill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Ferras=Christian Ferras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallgr%C3%ADmur_P%C3%A9tursson=Hallgrímur Pétursson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C%C3%A9sar_Ritz=César Ritz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierino_Belli=Pierino Belli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Taylor_(neoplatonist)=Thomas Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Salviati=Antonio Salviati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Le_Bel=Jean Le Bel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uday_Chopra=Uday Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnaldo_Momigliano=Arnaldo Momigliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Barbera=Joseph Barbera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Francesco_Anerio=Giovanni Francesco Anerio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_Bashoff=Blake Bashoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Ngoyi=Lilian Ngoyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurab_Azmaiparashvili=Zurab Azmaiparashvili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Khitruk=Fëdor Chitruk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Daily=Bill Daily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Jenny_(cymatics)=Hans Jenny (cimatica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscus_Bossinensis=Franjo Bosanac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junia_Calvina=Giunia Calvina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sh%C5%ABji_Terayama=Shūji Terayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Wallace=Chris Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shabaka=Shabaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labarna_I=Labarna I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciara=Ciara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Haig=David Haig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Gombrich=Ernst Gombrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Black=Alex Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacy_Potocki=Ignacy Potocki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Ko%C5%82%C5%82%C4%85taj=Hugo Kołłątaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theo_van_Gogh_(film_director)=Theo van Gogh (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Howard=Kenny Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Willem_Mesdag=Hendrik Willem Mesdag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Kazimierz_Czartoryski=Adam Kazimierz Czartoryski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Aleksander_Czartoryski=August Aleksander Czartoryski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiwara_no_Teika=Fujiwara no Teika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciszek_Ksawery_Branicki=Franciszek Ksawery Branicki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hamilton,_Duke_of_Ch%C3%A2tellerault=James Hamilton (1516)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicity_Lott=Felicity Lott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Walker_Atkinson=William Walker Atkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaaf_Joos=Gustaaf Joos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_de_Valois,_Duke_of_Angoul%C3%AAme=Carlo di Valois-Angoulême (1573-1650)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaikhosru_Shapurji_Sorabji=Kaikhosru Shapurji Sorabji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemma_Frisius=Gemma Frisio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Umbral=Francisco Umbral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theo_van_Gogh_(art_dealer)=Theodorus van Gogh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izabela_Czartoryska=Izabela Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hamilton,_3rd_Earl_of_Arran=James Hamilton, III conte di Arran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Mace=Nancy Mace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89mile_Boirac=Émile Boirac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Elton=Geoffrey Rudolph Elton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanto_Megaranto=Susanto Megaranto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Quagliati=Paolo Quagliati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joely_Fisher=Joely Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Morse=Robert Morse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Pigafetta=Antonio Pigafetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Soo-man=Lee Soo-man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmy_Hennings=Emmy Ball-Hennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Mohr=Joseph Mohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Zamakhshari=Zamakhshari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Ji-hyun=Jun Ji-hyun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Parker_Foulke=William Parker Foulke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taye_Diggs=Taye Diggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zo%C3%AB_Heller=Zoë Heller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Womack=Samantha Womack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoff_Capes=Geoff Capes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Douglas,_6th_Earl_of_Angus=Archibald Douglas, VI conte di Angus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanis%C5%82aw_Poniatowski_(1676%E2%80%931762)=Stanisław Poniatowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Keane=Margaret Keane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._D._Souther=J. D. Souther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Cohn=Ferdinand Julius Cohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Merchant=Stephen Merchant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Heshko=Ivan Heško
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatikios=Tatikios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subutai=Subedei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Nonaka=Ai Nonaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takahiro_Mizushima=Takahiro Mizushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustavo_Cisneros=Gustavo Cisneros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Eastwood=Alison Eastwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Allwine=Wayne Allwine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algoth_Niska=Algoth Niska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Elkins_Widener=Harry Elkins Widener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Garnett=Edward Garnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V%C3%A1clav_Kliment_Klicpera=Václav Kliment Klicpera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Widerberg=Bo Widerberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Animuccia=Giovanni Animuccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Weidler=Virginia Weidler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marduk-apla-iddina_II=Marduk-apla-iddina II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Gonzales=Alberto Gonzales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_V,_Count_of_Toulouse=Raimondo V di Tolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labashi-Marduk=Labashi-Marduk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_VII,_Count_of_Toulouse=Raimondo VII di Tolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louie_Gohmert=Louie Gohmert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daran_Norris=Daran Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel-Ange_Duquesne_de_Menneville=Michel-Ange Duquesne de Menneville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Maybrick=James Maybrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_d'Albert=Eugen d'Albert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Byrne_(playwright)=John Byrne (scrittore 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Nepomuk_David=Johann Nepomuk David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulk_III,_Count_of_Anjou=Folco III d'Angiò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingelger=Ingelger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulk_I,_Count_of_Anjou=Folco I d'Angiò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulk_II,_Count_of_Anjou=Folco II d'Angiò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_I,_Count_of_Anjou=Goffredo I d'Angiò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_II,_Count_of_Anjou=Goffredo II d'Angiò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_III,_Count_of_Anjou=Goffredo III d'Angiò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_IV,_Count_of_Anjou=Goffredo V d'Angiò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Mathison=Melissa Mathison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bimal_Roy=Bimal Roy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaya_Bachchan=Jaya Bachchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rowand_Anderson=Robert Rowand Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marchetto_Cara=Marchetto Cara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeroen_Krabb%C3%A9=Jeroen Krabbé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuya_Tsurumaki=Kazuya Tsurumaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darlene_Conley=Darlene Conley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Antonio_Bonporti=Francesco Antonio Bonporti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janusz_Zarenkiewicz=Janusz Zarenkiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Charles_Gregory=Augustus Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Bright=Cameron Bright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Godelier=Maurice Godelier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marisa_Mell=Marisa Mell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Hibbert=Jimmy Hibbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Curtis=Cliff Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_de_Luci=Richard de Luci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Sacks=Jonathan Sacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Scolari=Peter Scolari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Milan%C3%A9s=Pablo Milanés
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Key=Ellen Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Patrick_Shanley=John Patrick Shanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earle_Nelson=Earle Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Rees=Roger Rees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luc-Olivier_Merson=Luc-Olivier Merson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leona_Helmsley=Leona Helmsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Wettig=Patricia Wettig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_North_Patterson=Richard North Patterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnulf,_Duke_of_Bavaria=Arnolfo di Baviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_del_Paso=Fernando del Paso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_B._Dent=Frederick B. Dent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Onslow_(composer)=George Onslow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishbel_Hamilton-Gordon,_Marchioness_of_Aberdeen_and_Temair=Isabel Marjoribanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Barger=Sonny Barger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Bozzetto=Bruno Bozzetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Chandler_(actor)=Jeff Chandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paavo_Haavikko=Paavo Haavikko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Poniatowski=Andrzej Poniatowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamau_Brathwaite=Kamau Brathwaite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Abernethy_(minister)=John Abernethy (teologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izabella_Poniatowska=Izabella Poniatowska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron_Janis=Byron Janis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratan_Tata=Ratan Tata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ole_Henrik_Laub=Ole Henrik Laub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Kluge=Friedrich Kluge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Kircher=Pete Kircher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grecia_Colmenares=Grecia Colmenares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yusuf_Lule=Yusuf Lule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Ian_Nicholas=Thomas Ian Nicholas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Yune=Rick Yune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorkell_the_Tall=Thorkell l'Alto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Rice=Elmer Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Alekseyev=Fëdor Jakovlevič Alekseev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Fraser,_21st_Lady_Saltoun=Flora Fraser, XXI Lady Saltoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_E._Sherwood=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julio_Toro=Julio Toro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_Wecker=Konstantin Wecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poul_Heegaard=Poul Heegaard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Sep%C3%BAlveda=Luis Sepúlveda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Schwabe=Carlos Schwabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalina_de_Erauso=Catalina de Erauso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Abraham_(actor)=John Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reika_Hashimoto=Reika Hashimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Eno=Roger Eno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_ibn_al-Athir=Ali Ibn al-Athir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Tyrrell=Murray Tyrrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Michael_Vogl=Johann Michael Vogl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Leeds=Andrea Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Guill%C3%A9n=Jorge Guillén
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Cebotari=Maria Cebotari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Novikov=Pëtr Sergeevič Novikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroki_Azuma=Hiroki Azuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mihail_Manoilescu=Mihail Manoilescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Bobesco=Lola Bobescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alban_Butler=Alban Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beth_Henley=Beth Henley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timur_Bekmambetov=Timur Bekmambetov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_Umiliani=Piero Umiliani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matvey_Blanter=Matvej Isaakovič Blanter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Robertson=Julian Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Craveirinha=José Craveirinha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Einstein=Alfred Einstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Gerhard_Zuccarini=Joseph Gerhard Zuccarini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Polk=Oscar Polk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyaenus_of_Lampsacus=Polieno di Lampsaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Garang=John Garang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepetela=Pepetela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Bannen=Ian Bannen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Oates=Warren Oates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Johnson=Van Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Clinton=James Clinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Debret=Jean-Baptiste Debret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Baptiste_Abbeloos=Jean-Baptiste Abbeloos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbo_Cernuus=Abbone il Curvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Abelly=Louis Abelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloys_Sprenger=Aloys Sprenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eumenes_III=Eumene III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Audebert=Jean-Baptiste Audebert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iris_Adrian=Iris Adrian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassandra_Harris=Cassandra Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn-Holly_Johnson=Lynn-Holly Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leila_Hyams=Leila Hyams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Bouquet=Carole Bouquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Sancho=Fernando Sancho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevalier_d'Eon=Cavaliere d'Éon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Naismith=Laurence Naismith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kani=John Kani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egon_Wellesz=Egon Wellesz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Censorinus=Censorino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Maude=Cyril Maude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignaz_Pleyel=Ignace Pleyel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_de_Nogaret=Guglielmo di Nogaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Paolo_Colonna=Giovanni Paolo Colonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Raffaelli=Giacomo Raffaelli (mosaicista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Mansfield=Jeremy Mansfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Abberline=Frederick Abberline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_James_Perry=William James Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsha_Norman=Marsha Norman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Hendry=Gloria Hendry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Curtis=Adam Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Katt=William Katt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Kittelsen=Theodor Kittelsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Rueber-Staier=Eva Rueber-Staier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Maltese=Michael Maltese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eero_Aarnio=Eero Aarnio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_von_Winkelried=Arnold von Winkelried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_McGrory=Matthew McGrory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Porchia=Antonio Porchia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vagn_Holmboe=Vagn Holmboe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aditya_Chopra=Aditya Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Bridges=Ruby Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoko_Watanabe=Yōko Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Lieberman=Nancy Lieberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_von_Kempelen=Wolfgang von Kempelen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Panno=Oscar Panno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucie_Aubrac=Lucie Aubrac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Fargas=Antonio Fargas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jang_Hyuk=Jang Hyuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Walter=Jimmy Walter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Adam=Jacob Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Gotell=Walter Gotell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Adam=Johannes Michael Friedrich Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Bulloch=Jeremy Bulloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melchior_Adam=Melchior Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Spencer,_7th_Earl_Spencer=Albert Spencer, VII conte Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentin_Adamberger=Valentin Adamberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Coryat=Thomas Coryat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawney_Bean=Sawney Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimi_Mbaye=Mamadou Jimi Mbaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_Masereel=Frans Masereel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Hanks=Colin Hanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackenzie_Crook=Mackenzie Crook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cung_Le=Cung Le
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucio_Bini=Lucio Bini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Beauclerk,_1st_Duke_of_St_Albans=Charles Beauclerk, I duca di St. Albans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitty_Kelly=Kitty Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Clooney=Nick Clooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesca_Caccini=Francesca Caccini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Boren=Dan Boren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allyson_Schwartz=Allyson Schwartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Landy=Eugene Landy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slimane_of_Morocco=Mulay Sulayman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Spencer_(actor)=John Spencer (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_G._Carr=Nicholas G. Carr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Aboab_I=Isaac Aboab I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Friedman=George Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronan_Farrow=Ronan Farrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Needham=Hal Needham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Carmack=Chris Carmack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Schiff=Richard Schiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Sheeley=Sharon Sheeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Roundtree=Richard Roundtree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesley_Ann_Warren=Lesley Ann Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Shapiro=Ben Shapiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Fuentes=Daisy Fuentes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Forrest=Frederic Forrest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Keener=Catherine Keener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Lucas=Josh Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumi_Kakazu=Yumi Kakazu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuko_Inuyama=Inuko Inuyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Strauss_III=Johann Strauss III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Asmat_Abdel-Meguid=Ahmed Asmat Abdel-Meguid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Blum=Robert Blum (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jang_Na-ra=Jang Na-ra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Walkinshaw=Tom Walkinshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goa_Gil=Goa Gil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Brown=Bryan Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Peace=David Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Lindo_Ferretti=Giovanni Lindo Ferretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_P._Hogan_(director)=James P. Hogan (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonita_Granville=Bonita Granville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathy_Downs=Cathy Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steffi_Duna=Steffi Duna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Hye-kyo=Song Hye-kyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennox_Miller=Lennox Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Fox=Virginia Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edna_May_Oliver=Edna May Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Fischer=Stanley Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dario_Castello=Dario Castello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Macdonald_(director)=Kevin Macdonald (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Dratch=Rachel Dratch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Joseph_Bosio=François Joseph Bosio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Lennon=Cynthia Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_Abduh=Muhammad Abduh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vic_Mizzy=Vic Mizzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Emge=David Emge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Foree=Ken Foree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaylen_Ross=Gaylen Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italo_Santelli=Italo Santelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_Page=Joy Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Hey=Virginia Hey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Sieber=Christopher Sieber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_FitzAlan,_1st_Baron_Arundel=John FitzAlan, I barone Arundel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhagat_Singh=Bhagat Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Kitchen=Kenneth Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_II_Bernoulli=Nicolaus II Bernoulli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_I_Bernoulli=Nicolaus Bernoulli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Robinson_(organic_chemist)=Robert Robinson (chimico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Weber=Marianne Weber (sociologa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_von_Tepl=Johannes von Tepl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alda_Lara=Alda Lara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karel_Goeyvaerts=Karel Goeyvaerts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulina_Chiziane=Paulina Chiziane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Meloni=Christopher Meloni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Dia=Ali Dia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B%C3%A1lint_Bakfark=Bálint Bakfark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_W._Martin=John W. Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_II,_Duke_of_Austria=Alberto II lo Sciancato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Jean_Baptiste_Collin-Mezin=Charles Jean Baptiste Collin-Mezin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Haggard=Ted Haggard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giorgio_Perlasca=Giorgio Perlasca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Lacoue-Labarthe=Philippe Lacoue-Labarthe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Spiridonova=Marija Aleksandrovna Spiridonova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Grazia_Cucinotta=Maria Grazia Cucinotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Donohoe=Amanda Donohoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Lange=Ted Lange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linnea_Quigley=Linnea Quigley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Panoz=Don Panoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLean_Stevenson=McLean Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Bauer=Jo Bauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Adami=Adam Adami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuchum=Küçüm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_McKinney=Mark McKinney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Lowe=Al Lowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Colombo=Joseph Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_J._Ong=Walter J. Ong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_Dughet=Gaspard Dughet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gesalec=Gesalico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolbodo=Wolbodo di Liegi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joost_Schmidt=Joost Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naram-Sin_of_Akkad=Narām-Sîn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Ponsonby,_1st_Baron_Ponsonby_of_Shulbrede=Arthur Ponsonby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandro_Corsaro=Sandro Corsaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemachandra=Hemacandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri-Pierre_Roch%C3%A9=Henri-Pierre Roché
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules-Albert_de_Dion=Jules-Albert De Dion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodocus_Hondius=Jodocus Hondt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Emery=Gilbert Emery (1875-1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floyd_Crosby=Floyd Crosby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_Johnson=Hall Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaine_Morgan_(writer)=Elaine Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karel_Roden=Karel Roden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_N%C3%B6stlinger=Christine Nöstlinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hoccleve=Thomas Occleve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garret_Wesley,_1st_Earl_of_Mornington=Garret Wesley, I conte di Mornington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_T._Mason=Stevens Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Adamson=Andrew Adamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristine_Sutherland=Kristine Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Berliner=Hans Berliner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autolycus_of_Pitane=Autolico di Pitane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_McMaster_Murdoch=William McMaster Murdoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiji_Fujiwara=Keiji Fujiwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Albert_Krug=Julius Albert Krug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albin_Julius=Albin Julius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Sills=Douglas Sills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilakantha_Somayaji=Nilakantha Somayaji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Mouton=Jean Mouton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitney_Smith=Whitney Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iago_ap_Beli=Iago ap Beli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beli_ap_Rhun=Beli ap Rhun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroki_Takahashi=Hiroki Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques-Alain_Miller=Jacques-Alain Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_Georg_Scheutz=Per Georg Scheutz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irrfan_Khan=Irrfan Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Halfpenny=Jill Halfpenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Klemperer=Victor Klemperer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Stevens=Stella Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Rosales,_Jr.=Thomas Rosales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renato_Terra=Renato Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anil_Kapoor=Anil Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Kemper=Edmund Kemper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mihail_Sturdza=Mihail Sturdza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhun_Hir_ap_Maelgwn=Rhun ap Maelgwn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madlyn_Rhue=Madlyn Rhue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bh%C4%81skara_I=Bhaskara I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mithun_Chakraborty=Mithun Chakraborty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Hone=Philip Hone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonor_Fini=Leonor Fini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto,_Duke_of_Austria=Ottone IV d'Asburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feodor_Chaliapin,_Jr.=Fëdor Fëdorovič Šaljapin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulce_Mar%C3%ADa_Loynaz=Dulce María Loynaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nammalvar=Nammāḻvār
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Atherton=John Atherton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillis_van_Coninxloo=Gillis van Coninxloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_D'Errico=Donna D'Errico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beulah_Bondi=Beulah Bondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Semichastny=Vladimir Efimovič Semičastnyj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalla=Lalla (nome)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsutomu_Nihei=Tsutomu Nihei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Foo=Mark Foo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einion_Yrth_ap_Cunedda=Einion ap Cunedda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ieng_Sary=Ieng Sary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadwallon_Lawhir_ap_Einion=Cadwallon ap Einion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makio_Inoue=Makio Inoue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanae_Kobayashi=Sanae Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gampopa=Gampopa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giancarlo_Minardi=Gian Carlo Minardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Noth=Chris Noth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audra_Lindley=Audra Lindley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Ludwig_Blume=Carl Ludwig Blume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Schell=Catherine Schell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludo_Martens=Ludo Martens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felissa_Rose=Felissa Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasr_Abu_Zayd=Nasr Hamid Abu Zayd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Howley=Rob Howley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osvaldo_Cavandoli=Osvaldo Cavandoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Bailey_(civil_engineer)=Donald Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narendra_Karmarkar=Narendra Karmarkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Hankey,_1st_Baron_Hankey=Maurice Hankey, I barone Hankey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wellesley,_1st_Baron_Cowley=Henry Wellesley, I barone Cowley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paget_Brewster=Paget Brewster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Forbes_(basketball)=Jim Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carr%C3%A9_Otis=Carré Otis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyd_Alexander=Boyd Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Dreyfus=James Dreyfus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Dotrice=Roy Dotrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulisse_Stacchini=Ulisse Stacchini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Paranya=Karl Paranya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_III,_Duke_of_Austria=Alberto III d'Asburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_IV,_Duke_of_Austria=Alberto IV d'Asburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madge_Sinclair=Madge Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Cuellar=Henry Cuellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_von_Hammer-Purgstall=Joseph von Hammer-Purgstall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Hecht=Anthony Hecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Westmoreland=Lynn Westmoreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayard_Nicholas=Fayard Nicholas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._R._Wright=L. R. Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curt_Backeberg=Curt Backeberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Dale=Virginia Dale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Dieffenbach=Ernst Dieffenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamphela_Ramphele=Mamphela Ramphele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Jennings=Tom Jennings (informatico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Headlam=Stewart Headlam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Wahl=Jean Wahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aur%C3%A9lio_Buarque_de_Holanda_Ferreira=Aurélio Buarque de Holanda Ferreira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Renoir=Pierre Renoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Marfan=Antoine Marfan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Fumero=Melissa Fumero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Dedecker=Jean-Marie Dedecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Hamilton=Antoine Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_C._Meyer=Stephen C. Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wentworth_Higginson=Thomas Wentworth Higginson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Konig=Charles Konig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwen_Moore=Gwen Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%81lvaro_de_Luna,_Duke_of_Trujillo=Álvaro de Luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joaquin_Murrieta=Joaquin Murrieta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Sen_Yung=Victor Sen Yung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S%C3%B8ren_Kragh-Jacobsen=Søren Kragh-Jacobsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Cruz=Alexis Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristian_Levring=Kristian Levring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Johnston=Reginald Fleming Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talbot_Mundy=Talbot Mundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hibbert_(Anti-Trinitarian)=Robert Hibbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melchior_Franck=Melchior Franck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millard_Mitchell=Millard Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest,_Duke_of_Austria=Ernesto I d'Asburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Merrill=Gary Merrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Sarno=Jay Sarno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Miller=Ben Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Alexander=Sarah Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farag_Foda=Farag Foda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merneptah=Merenptah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_La_Touche_(lyricist)=John Latouche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lovett_Pearce=Edward Lovett Pearce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Barnes_(playwright)=Peter Barnes (sceneggiatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William,_Duke_of_Austria=Guglielmo I d'Asburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Buchheister=Carl Buchheister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_IV,_Duke_of_Austria=Leopoldo IV d'Asburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Meadow_Sutcliffe=Francis Meadow Sutcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hermann_(actor)=Peter Hermann (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaa_Mubarak='Ala' Mubarak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Berghaus=Heinrich Berghaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Meyer_(publisher)=Joseph Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Spellings=Margaret Spellings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cymburgis_of_Masovia=Cimburga di Masovia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakov_Pavlov=Jakov Fedotovič Pavlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Leeson=John Leeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Gibson=Henry Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ona_Munson=Ona Munson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Vettius_Bolanus=Marco Vettio Bolano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Perthes=Georg Perthes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodri_Molwynog=Rhodri Molwynog ap Idwal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Brooker=Charlie Brooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caradog_ap_Meirion=Caradog ap Meirion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanna_Kaysen=Susanna Kaysen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olga_Baclanova=Ol'ga Vladimirovna Baklanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Abrahams=Jim Abrahams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Axel=Gabriel Axel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smyth_(Baptist_minister)=John Smyth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Kershaw=Ian Kershaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Helwys=Thomas Helwys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dack_Rambo=Dack Rambo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_A._M._Stern=Robert A. M. Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Andreini=Isabella Andreini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giambattista_Andreini=Giovan Battista Andreini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elissa_Landi=Elissa Landi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhys_Isaac=Rhys Llywelyn Isaac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Manners=David Manners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_O'Sullivan=Richard O'Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farouk_Kaddoumi=Faruq al-Qaddumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Han_Ji-hye=Han Ji-hye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dann_Florek=Dann Florek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Chandler=Helen Chandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Blazejowski=Carol Blazejowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_H._Robinson=Arthur H. Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_von_Koenigsegg=Christian von Koenigsegg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsy_Palmer=Betsy Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Constant_(Brazil)=Benjamin Constant (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Butler_(schoolmaster)=Samuel Butler (1774-1839)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Goux=Jules Goux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longin_Pastusiak=Longin Pastusiak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achille_Varzi=Achille Varzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Lautenschlager=Christian Lautenschlager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Ascari=Antonio Ascari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_DePalma=Ralph De Palma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istv%C3%A1n_Szab%C3%B3=István Szabó (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimo_Introvigne=Massimo Introvigne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Lisboa=Mel Lisboa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Lanner=Joseph Lanner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Tennant=Dorothy Tennant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijou_Phillips=Bijou Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ihsahn=Ihsahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Tilton=Martha Tilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_White=Hayden White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Adler_(rabbi)=Samuel Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lollia_Paulina=Lollia Paolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Baird=Stuart Baird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St%C3%A9phane_Audran=Stéphane Audran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Haefliger=Ernst Haefliger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Waxman=Al Waxman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roden_Cutler=Roden Cutler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jang_Dong-gun=Jang Dong-gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_de_Mendoza=Pedro de Mendoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacquet_of_Mantua=Jacquet da Mantova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Moll=Kurt Moll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Cura=José Cura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Weinreich=Max Weinreich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johanne_Luise_Heiberg=Johanne Luise Heiberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Butler=Mario Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Albers=Hans Albers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammi-Saduqa=Ammi-Saduqa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Martin_Loeffler=Charles Martin Loeffler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Yancey=Philip Yancey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kubaba=Kubaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Hasselblad=Victor Hasselblad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Franklin=Frederic Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Stallone=Frank Stallone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Jacobi=Viktor Jacobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahn_Jae-wook=Ahn Jae-wook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Armetta=Henry Armetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cassels=Richard Cassels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Castle=Richard Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dariush_Shayegan=Daryush Shayegan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estelle_Taylor=Estelle Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jes%C3%BAs_Franco=Jesús Franco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Mitchell=Adrian Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albin_Grau=Albin Grau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ollie_Johnston=Ollie Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederik_L._Schodt=Frederik L. Schodt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hotter=Hans Hotter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_William_Frohawk=Frederick William Frohawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Fleisher=Leon Fleisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violet_Jessop=Violet Jessop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Sturm_von_Sturmeck=Jacob Sturm von Sturmeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne_Fran%C3%A7ois_Geoffroy=Étienne-François Geoffroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smith_(wrestler)=John Smith (lottatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Guthrie=Francis Guthrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Ferrari=Dino Ferrari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsutomu_Miyazaki=Tsutomu Miyazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Jencks=Charles Jencks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuan_Longping=Yuan Longping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tammy_Grimes=Tammy Grimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul-Henri-Benjamin_d'Estournelles_de_Constant=Paul-Henri-Benjamin d'Estournelles de Constant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Weil=Andrew Weil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Breuer=Eric Breuer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Inglis=Bob Inglis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Rees=Lionel Rees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Parkes_Bonington=Richard Parkes Bonington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiaki_Kuriyama=Chiaki Kuriyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Reichenbach=Heinrich Gustav Reichenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikkawa_Hiroie=Kikkawa Hiroie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bodin_de_Boismortier=Joseph Bodin de Boismortier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Berry_(bass-baritone)=Walter Berry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Clark=Bob Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Shulman=Max Shulman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leif_Erland_Andersson=Leif Erland Andersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Hansen=Alan Hansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abby_Aldrich_Rockefeller=Abby Aldrich Rockefeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques-Nicolas_Bellin=Jacques-Nicolas Bellin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimee_Bender=Aimee Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Troeltsch=Ernst Troeltsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bonynge=Richard Bonynge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bressler=Charles Bressler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yefim_Bronfman=Efim Naumovič Bronfman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hillman=James Hillman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_Br%C3%BCggen=Frans Brüggen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitaly_Tseshkovsky=Vitalij Valer'evič Ceškovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_von_Dohn%C3%A1nyi=Christoph von Dohnányi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Donath=Helen Donath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Cavendish,_Marchioness_of_Hartington=Kathleen Agnes Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Kennedy_Lawford=Patricia Kennedy Lawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan_Lerman=Logan Lerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_James_Alfred_Lef%C3%A9bure-W%C3%A9ly=Louis James Alfred Lefébure-Wély
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Rosenberg=Alan Rosenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Chernoff=Herman Chernoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Marc_Antoine_de_Noailles=Louis Marc Antoine di Noailles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_Collins_Pappalardi=Gail Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griselio_Torresola=Griselio Torresola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Arnason=Eleanor Arnason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orgetorix=Orgetorige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Abe_(actor)=Hiroshi Abe (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Abe_(astronomer)=Hiroshi Abe (astronomo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Duthac=Duthac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Revill=Clive Revill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adnan_Oktar=Adnan Oktar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_D'Aubuisson=Roberto D'Aubuisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughie_Gallacher=Hughie Gallacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ousmane_Semb%C3%A8ne=Ousmane Sembène
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspar_van_Weerbeke=Gaspar van Weerbeke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Juhl=Jerry Juhl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Swain=Dominique Swain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayumi_Ito=Ayumi Itō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akemi_Okamura=Akemi Okamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piotr_Adamczyk=Piotr Adamczyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Shackelford=Ted Shackelford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikael_Ljungberg=Mikael Ljungberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Fukuyama=Jun Fukuyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Carrol_Naish=J. Carrol Naish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Dorigo=Marco Dorigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_von_Amerling=Friedrich von Amerling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry_Anderson=Perry Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_von_Gierke=Otto von Gierke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianfranco_Fini=Gianfranco Fini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Mebane=Alexander Mebane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_I_of_Naples=Luigi di Taranto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazael=Hazael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Quinnell=Scott Quinnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_Nichols=Dudley Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlieb_Rabener=Gottlieb Wilhelm Rabener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asa_Hutchinson=Asa Hutchinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dall=John Dall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Bagshaw_Ward=Nathaniel Bagshaw Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gheorghe_Funar=Gheorghe Funar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Alter=Robert Alter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Mullin=Herbert Mullin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maleagant=Meleagant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Chelimo=Richard Chelimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knut_Lundmark=Knut Emil Lundmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Tammam=Abu Tammam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V._S._Pritchett=Victor Sawdon Pritchett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Maxim=Joey Maxim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mentuhotep_II=Mentuhotep II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonifacius=Bonifacio (comes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Certon=Pierre Certon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Kevin_Walker=Andrew Kevin Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_of_Brescia=Arnaldo da Brescia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landon_Ronald=Landon Ronald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Auma=Alice Auma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rebhorn=James Rebhorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tite_Kubo=Tite Kubo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Lyn=Nicole Lyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peng_Bo=Peng Bo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philo_of_Byzantium=Filone di Bisanzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philo_of_Larissa=Filone di Larissa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaowapa_Boorapolchai=Yaowapa Boorapolchai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Zahn=Steve Zahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_Noailles=Philippe de Noailles (1715-1794)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul,_6th_duc_de_Noailles=Paul de Noailles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Noailles=Jean de Noailles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_London_(bass-baritone)=George London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathryn_Damon=Cathryn Damon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnar_Kaasen=Gunnar Kaasen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_Rampling=Godfrey Rampling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel_Henri_Victurnien_de_Noailles=Emmanuel Henri Victurnien de Noailles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Gopal_Varma=Ram Gopal Varma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Mortier=Erwin Mortier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Gert_P%C3%B6ttering=Hans-Gert Pöttering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%A9on_Bakst=Léon Bakst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_de_Bont=Jan de Bont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buhturi=Al-Buhturi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Bray=Alan Bray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_of_Durham=Reginaldo di Durham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Bobadilla=Nicolás Bobadilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Barrot=Jacques Barrot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yosef_Haim_Brenner=Yosef Haim Brenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Parkins=Barbara Parkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Mazzinghi=Alessandro Mazzinghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Mikhailovich_Myasishchev=Vladimir Michajlovič Mjasiščev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodi_Albert=Jodi Albert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Colbourne=Maurice Colbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Heinemann=Edward H. Heinemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_Baker_Motley=Constance Baker Motley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Elias_Spingarn=Joel Elias Spingarn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_de_Noailles=Louis de Noailles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_St._Pierre_Ruffin=Josephine St. Pierre Ruffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelis_Lely=Cornelis Lely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Taneyev=Sergej Ivanovič Taneev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Martinez=A Martinez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_del_Riego=Rafael del Riego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Waage=Peter Waage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Francis_Wade=John Francis Wade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ab%C5%AB_al-Waf%C4%81'_B%C5%ABzj%C4%81n%C4%AB=Abu l-Wafa Muhammad al-Buzjani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Alden=Harold Alden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgios_Grivas=Georgios Grivas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morley=Henry Morley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Norris_(philosopher)=John Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Norton=Caroline Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Painter_(author)=William Painter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Kirke_Paulding=James Kirke Paulding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franchinus_Gaffurius=Franchino Gaffurio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lecy_Goranson=Alicia Goranson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamada_Arinaga=Yamada Arinaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geert_Adriaans_Boomgaard=Geert Adriaans Boomgaard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamada_Arinobu=Yamada Arinobu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bessho_Nagaharu=Bessho Nagaharu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renato_Canova=Renato Canova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Jacobsen=Roy Jacobsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Fosnes_Hansen=Erik Fosnes Hansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bible_John=Bible John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonja_Sohn=Sonja Sohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Philips=John Philips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galeazzo_Maria_Sforza=Galeazzo Maria Sforza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Dennis=Patrick Dennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antigone_Costanda=Antigone Costanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Cryer=Jon Cryer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piotr_Skarga=Piotr Skarga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_da_Gagliano=Marco da Gagliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacy_Peralta=Stacy Peralta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6th_Dalai_Lama=Tsangyang Gyatso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy,_Count_of_Flanders=Guido di Dampierre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffroi_de_Charney=Geoffrey de Charnay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Lion=Alfred Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimazu_Tadahisa=Shimazu Tadahisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimazu_Katsuhisa=Shimazu Katsuhisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomponio_Nenna=Pomponio Nenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ari_Lemmke=Ari Lemmke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimazu_Takahisa=Shimazu Takahisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Zwick=Edward Zwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garson_Kanin=Garson Kanin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_O'Reilly=Robert O'Reilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lewis_Tiffany=Charles Lewis Tiffany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mart%C3%ADn_Luis_Guzm%C3%A1n=Martín Luis Guzmán
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Pettet=Joanna Pettet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krishnan_Sasikiran=Krishnan Sasikiran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radames_Pera=Radames Pera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimazu_Yoshihisa=Shimazu Yoshihisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimazu_Yoshihiro=Shimazu Yoshihiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahima_Chaudhry=Mahima Chaudhry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimazu_Tadatsune=Shimazu Tadatsune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_McKenzie=Jacqueline McKenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimotsuki_Kanetsugu=Kimotsuki Kanetsugu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Barraband=Jacques Barraband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Bell=Jamie Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hyams=Peter Hyams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggi_Hambling=Maggi Hambling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnaeus_Julius_Verus=Gneo Giulio Vero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_McGregor_(football)=William McGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Glenn=Scott Glenn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Jules_de_Noailles=Anne Jules di Noailles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Bird=Brad Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Aston=Hugh Aston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubem_Fonseca=Rubem Fonseca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joaqu%C3%ADn_Almunia=Joaquín Almunia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Jones_(actor)=Doug Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Antoine_de_Noailles=Louis-Antoine de Noailles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Barton=Steve Barton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Rooney=Dan Rooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumitru_Burlan=Dumitru Burlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Leacock=Richard Leacock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzi_Narkiss=Uzi Narkiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Hess_(violinist)=Willy Hess (violinista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Hess_(composer)=Willy Hess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatano_Hideharu=Hatano Hideharu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Tyler=Mia Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_de_Broglie=Gabriel de Broglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dykstra=John Dykstra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonor_Michaelis=Leonor Michaelis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Fordyce=Bruce Fordyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_McInerney=Jay McInerney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Artsutanov=Jurij Arcutanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Roger_Trencavel=Raimondo Ruggero Trencavel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Beach=Gary Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirate_Masahide=Hirate Masahide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodes_Rogers=Woodes Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayashi_Hidesada=Hayashi Hidesada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PU-Sarruma=PU-Sarruma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Candido=Candy Candido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piermaria_Oddone=Piermaria Oddone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hearn=George Hearn (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pithana=Pithana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Grimani=Domenico Grimani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Laing_(architect)=David Laing (architetto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Scalia=Jack Scalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram%C3%B3n_P%C3%A9rez_de_Ayala=Ramón Pérez de Ayala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasekura_Tsunenaga=Hasekura Tsunenaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Tognazzini=Bruce Tognazzini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamoru_Nagano=Mamoru Nagano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Hunter_(actor)=Bill Hunter (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imogen_Stubbs=Imogen Stubbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentina_Cervi=Valentina Cervi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Striggio=Alessandro Striggio (padre)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakuma_Nobumori=Sakuma Nobumori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques-Nompar_de_Caumont,_duc_de_La_Force=Jacques Nompar de Caumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ritter_Beard=Mary Ritter Beard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Rustichelli=Carlo Rustichelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukesh_Ambani=Mukesh Ambani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Ritchard=Cyril Ritchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Stamets=Paul Stamets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Eitan=Rafael Eitan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerardo_Reichel-Dolmatoff=Gerardo Reichel-Dolmatoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Weitz_(filmmaker)=Paul Weitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jens_Hundseid=Jens Hundseid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurelio_Lampredi=Aurelio Lampredi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gioacchino_Colombo=Gioachino Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Jano=Vittorio Jano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Brandt=Rudolf Brandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuesday_Weld=Tuesday Weld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_A._Barker=Philip Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhard_Bersu=Gerhard Bersu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Crossland=Jill Crossland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straton_of_Sardis=Stratone di Sardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Dyer=Wayne Walter Dyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Ellis=Doug Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandro_Penna=Sandro Penna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Malanga=Gerard Malanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_White=Duncan White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryke_Geerd_Hamer=Ryke Geerd Hamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshio_Taniguchi=Yoshio Taniguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Trump=Fred Trump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Nelson_(designer)=George Nelson (designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Forte=Will Forte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_von_Knyphausen=Wilhelm von Knyphausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niwa_Nagahide=Niwa Nagahide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Spee=Friedrich Spee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harley_Granville-Barker=Harley Granville-Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franti%C5%A1ek_Maxmili%C3%A1n_Ka%C5%88ka=František Kaňka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rustichello_da_Pisa=Rustichello da Pisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Longhi=Alessandro Longhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Kahn=Joseph Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Widenius=Michael Widenius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Motwani=Paul Motwani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Blehr=Otto Blehr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Hagerup=Francis Hagerup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Roussel=Raymond Roussel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector_Pieterson=Hector Pieterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Steen=Johannes Steen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_Jones=Orlando Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gerhardie=William Gerhardie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cavendish-Bentinck,_7th_Duke_of_Portland=William Cavendish-Bentinck, VII duca di Portland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Wisting=Oscar Adolf Wisting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmer_Hanssen=Helmer Julius Hanssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sverre_Hassel=Sverre Helge Hassel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Roos=Don Roos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitri_Amilakhvari=Dimitri Amilakhvari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drastamat_Kanayan=Drastamat Kanayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_II,_Prince_of_Taranto=Filippo II d'Angiò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Colston=Edward Colston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Owen=Daniel Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_(swimmer)=William Henry (nuotatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Tucker=Jonathan Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bennett=Michael Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Stevens=Andrew Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Eduard_Hellmayr=Carl Eduard Hellmayr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boardman_Conover=Henry Boardman Conover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_McKechnie=Donna McKechnie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jude_Watson=Jude Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Jacobson=Van Jacobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niwa_Nagashige=Niwa Nagashige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Dupuis=Roy Dupuis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oda_Nobutaka=Oda Nobutaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloysius_Bertrand=Aloysius Bertrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_Lambert=Phyllis Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_Mompou=Federico Mompou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Mallapert=Robin Mallapert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Cornell=Katharine Cornell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_O'Bannon=Dan O'Bannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belaid_Abdessalam=Belaid Abdessalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamrat_Layne=Tamirat Layne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Alfasi=Isaac Alfasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Rambert=Marie Rambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_E._Kinck=Hans Ernst Kinck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Murray,_Duchess_of_Atholl=Anne Drummond Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Innes-Ker,_Duchess_of_Roxburghe=Emily Anne Spencer-Churchill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimazu_Tadayoshi=Shimazu Tadayoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisa_Montagu_Douglas_Scott,_Duchess_of_Buccleuch=Louisa Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Wellesley,_Duchess_of_Wellington=Elizabeth Hay, duchessa di Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Sutherland-Leveson-Gower,_Duchess_of_Sutherland=Anne Hay-Mackenzie, duchessa di Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Campbell,_Duchess_of_Argyll=Elizabeth Campbell, duchessa di Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Sutherland-Leveson-Gower,_Duchess_of_Sutherland=Harriet Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisa_Cavendish,_Duchess_of_Devonshire=Louise von Alten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roemer_Visscher=Roemer Visscher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archidamus_III=Archidamo III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottobah_Cugoano=Ottobah Cugoano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gower_Champion=Gower Champion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chananel_ben_Chushiel=Chananel ben Chushiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melania_Trump=Melania Trump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissim_ben_Jacob=Nissim ben Jacob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Tudor-Pole=Edward Tudor-Pole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Vaughton=Howard Vaughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Bugatti=Jean Bugatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Gr%C3%BCninger=Paul Grüninger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rembrandt_Bugatti=Rembrandt Bugatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Ancona=Mario Ancona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Salzer=Felix Salzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Booth_(philanthropist)=Charles Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Crawford=Marion Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_B._Floyd=John Buchanan Floyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Floyer_(physician)=John Floyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Leberecht_Fl%C3%BCgel=Gustave Leberecht Flügel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Johnson_(composer)=John Johnson (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oleg_Deripaska=Oleg Vladimirovič Deripaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_of_Salerno=Ruggero di Salerno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Patten=Brian Patten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_McPeak=Holly McPeak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Crichton=Charles Crichton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_David_Zlotoff=Lee David Zlotoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Tesselschade_Visscher=Maria Tesselschade Visscher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Valerius_Messalla_Messallinus=Marco Valerio Messalla Messallino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqui_McShee=Jacqui McShee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Arden=Don Arden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Leigh=Katie Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Grace=Frederick Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Roddin=Hugh Roddin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Gunn_(boxer)=Richard Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Oldman=Albert Oldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideyuki_Umezu=Hideyuki Umezu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matic_Osovnikar=Matic Osovnikar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charibert_II=Cariberto II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aoi_Miyazaki=Aoi Miyazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mini_Jakobsen=Mini Jakobsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Sasso=Will Sasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y%C5%ABko_Tsushima=Yūko Tsushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khun_Sa=Khun Sa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Maudslay=Alfred Maudslay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yue_Jin=Yue Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Duplessis=Marie Duplessis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsu_Inoue=Tetsu Inoue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treat_Williams=Treat Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Moch=Jules Moch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Soustelle=Jacques Soustelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audra_McDonald=Audra McDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Smith,_Baron_Smith_of_Kelvin=Robert Smith (dirigente d'azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigi_Becali=George Becali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Bilibin=Ivan Jakovlevič Bilibin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clemente_Yerovi=Clemente Yerovi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Dix=Carl Dix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Cahen=Claude Cahen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Serge=Victor Serge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutton_Foster=Sutton Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Urdaneta=Rafael Urdaneta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dag_Solstad=Dag Solstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Castle=William Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Donahue=Heather Donahue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Leonard=Joshua Leonard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_II,_Duke_of_Austria=Rodolfo II d'Asburgo (1270-1290)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_Vi%C3%B1es=Ricardo Viñes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Stroman=Susan Stroman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Parricida=Giovanni di Svevia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Heinroth=Oskar Heinroth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chet_Powers=Chet Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Moulu=Pierre Moulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_V,_Archduke_of_Austria=Leopoldo V d'Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Vasconcelos=José Vasconcelos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Charles,_Archduke_of_Austria=Ferdinando Carlo d'Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hakim_ibn_Hizam=Hakim ibn Hizam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigismund_Francis,_Archduke_of_Austria=Sigismondo Francesco d'Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Thornton=Bruce Thornton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89douard_Boubat=Édouard Boubat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Gamper=Hans Gamper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Vatel=François Vatel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Newman_(lifeguard)=Michael Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Unsworth=Barry Unsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Suter=Martin Suter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Adler=Charlie Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misako_Tanaka=Misako Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dwyer=Bob Dwyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Walter_(publisher)=John Walter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Lamb=Mary Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Kilvert=Francis Kilvert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_Vaida-Voevod=Alexandru Vaida-Voevod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Martens=Friedrich Fromhold Martens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantin_S%C4%83n%C4%83tescu=Constantin Sănătescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Mawardi=Al-Mawardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Clarence_Stedman=Edmund Clarence Stedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriarch_Miron_of_Romania=Miron Cristea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Field=Ron Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherry_Lansing=Sherry Lansing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_Schlossberg=Hayden Schlossberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Hurwitz=Jon Hurwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Le_Gray=Gustave Le Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Reuben=Gloria Reuben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Henry_Kress=Samuel Henry Kress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Lynch=Jennifer Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Profaci=Joe Profaci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmine_Galante=Carmine Galante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicodemo_Scarfo=Nicodemo Scarfo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Abraham_Teller=Wilhelm Abraham Teller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Friedrich_Nicolai=Christoph Friedrich Nicolai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Goldman=Jane Goldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Lake=Leonard Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ng=Charles Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onna_White=Onna White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenan=Chenan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Martini=Johannes Martini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_David=Elizabeth David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Jackson_(actor)=Gordon Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_Broca=Philippe de Broca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Morell=Theodor Morell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignazio_Donati=Ignazio Donati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89ric_Rohmer=Éric Rohmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etsuko_Kozakura=Etsuko Kozakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takahiro_Sakurai=Takahiro Sakurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susumu_Chiba=Susumu Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Dexter=Alexander Grant Dexter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisao_Egawa=Hisao Egawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gennaro=Peter Gennaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Gerberding=Julie Gerberding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Daugherty=Michael Daugherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khwaja_Mir_Dard=Dard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarl_Waldemar_Lindeberg=Jarl Waldemar Lindeberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutilius_Taurus_Aemilianus_Palladius=Rutilio Tauro Emiliano Palladio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lang_Lang_(pianist)=Lang Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallus_Anonymus=Gallus Anonymus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Parkinson=Sydney Parkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinitta=Sinitta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gandon=James Gandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicci_French=Nicci French
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Meibom_(poet)=Heinrich Meibom (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Ionesco=Eva Ionesco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophus_Bugge=Sophus Bugge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Rellstab=Ludwig Rellstab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Andreas_Munch=Peter Andreas Munch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Sewell=George Sewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timanthes=Timante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timon_of_Phlius=Timone di Fliunte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_Tushingham=Rita Tushingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Howard_Marshall=James Howard Marshall II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Adamson=George Adamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Rodger=George Rodger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_I,_Duke_of_Austria=Leopoldo I d'Asburgo (duca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Christaller=Walter Christaller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_III,_Duke_of_Austria=Leopoldo III d'Asburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VI,_Archduke_of_Austria=Alberto VI d'Asburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Franklin=Jeff Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Pollux=Giulio Polluce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billie_Whitelaw=Billie Whitelaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Obradors=Jacqueline Obradors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Deezen=Eddie Deezen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Betker=Jan Betker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Hemsworth=Chris Hemsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_di_Credi=Lorenzo di Credi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milo_O'Shea=Milo O'Shea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Griffiths=Cecil Griffiths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lope_de_Rueda=Lope de Rueda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ainsworth-Davis=John Ainsworth-Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cara_Pifko=Cara Pifko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarpeia=Tarpea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodore_Cochran=Commodore Cochran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Meyerowitz=Joel Meyerowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Seymour-Smith=Martin Seymour-Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anil_Ambani=Anil Ambani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorleif_Schjelderup-Ebbe=Thorleif Schjelderup-Ebbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Helffrich=Alan Helffrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Ward=Megan Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Smirnov_(politician)=Ivan Nikitič Smirnov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lasseter=John Lasseter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romas_Kalanta=Romas Kalanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Octavius_Hill=David Octavius Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulmer_Hobson=Bulmer Hobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitrie_Ghica=Dimitrie Ghica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Haver=June Haver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolae_Golescu=Nicolae Golescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risa_Wataya=Risa Wataya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manolache_Costache_Epureanu=Manolache Costache Epureanu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ly_Tong=Ly Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrienne_La_Russa=Adrienne La Russa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernanda_Montenegro=Fernanda Montenegro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deepa_Mehta=Deepa Mehta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisowath_Sirik_Matak=Sisowath Sirik Matak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_van_Dam=José van Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mischa_Auer=Misha Auer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Granger=Francis Granger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Erwin=Stuart Erwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_A._Wickliffe=Charles Anderson Wickliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akim_Tamiroff=Akim Tamiroff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._B._Warner=H.B. Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Thierse=Wolfgang Thierse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Young=Roland Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul_Sattar_Edhi=Abdul Sattar Edhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cullum=John Cullum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Tabori=George Tabori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Crist=Charlie Crist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Drew_Barrymore=John Drew Barrymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_Fassino=Piero Fassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Chaney=Norman Chaney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Kornman=Mary Kornman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Gordon_Lee=Eugene Gordon Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickie_Moore_(actor)=Dickie Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Condon=Jackie Condon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Cobb=Joe Cobb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayaka_Ohara=Sayaka Ōhara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Daniels=Mickey Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akeno_Watanabe=Akeno Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teymur_Bakhtiar=Teymur Bakhtiar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroaki_Hirata=Hiroaki Hirata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_DeWolf_Smyth=Henry DeWolf Smyth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Corddry=Rob Corddry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuyuki_Anzai=Nobuyuki Anzai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavio_Biondo=Flavio Biondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Fontanarrosa=Roberto Fontanarrosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Oliver=Jackie Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Hall_Chamberlain=Basil Hall Chamberlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_George_Aston=William George Aston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Callen=Michael Callen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Isserles=Moshe Isserles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotty_Beckett=Scotty Beckett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Davis_(actor)=Jack Davis (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_R._Smith=Jay R. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Jackson=Eugene Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Darling=Jean Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruthie_Henshall=Ruthie Henshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Statius_Priscus=Marco Stazio Prisco Licinio Italico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Birdseye=Clarence Birdseye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Hutchins=Bobby Hutchins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ann_Jackson=Mary Ann Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Serkin=Rudolf Serkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_DeBorba=Dorothy DeBorba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Haines=Donald Haines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Bond=Tommy Bond (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Levy=Howard Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Kibrick=Sidney Kibrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulpius_Marcellus=Ulpio Marcello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Serkin=Peter Serkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virius_Lupus=Virio Lupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Lahad=Antoine Lahad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Shirley-Quirk=John Shirley-Quirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Bordewijk=Ferdinand Bordewijk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravi_Zacharias=Ravi Zacharias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitzi_Kapture=Mitzi Kapture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscilla_Lopez=Priscilla Lopez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_von_Unwerth=Ellen von Unwerth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axel_Wenner-Gren=Axel Wenner-Gren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_H._Michel=Robert Michel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Yaoting=Sun Yaoting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leroy_F._Aarons=Leroy Aarons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wirgman=Charles Wirgman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hopper=William Hopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Urcuyo=Francisco Urcuyo Maliaños
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woody_Johnson=Woody Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Blinder=Alan Blinder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camillo_Sivori=Camillo Sivori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Vuillaume=Jean-Baptiste Vuillaume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Molloy=Matt Molloy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksei_Musin-Pushkin=Aleksej Ivanovič Musin-Puškin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gila_Almagor=Gila Almagor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Montgomerie,_10th_Earl_of_Eglinton=Alexander Montgomerie, X conte di Eglinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_London=Jason London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Sansweet=Stephen Sansweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loren_C._Ball=Loren C. Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amol_Palekar=Amol Palekar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marek_Jurek=Marek Jurek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Yergin=Daniel Yergin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jemmy_Button=Jemmy Button
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Kert=Larry Kert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_William_Miller=Charles William Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Reed_Smith=Paul Reed Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Henderson_(theologian)=Alexander Henderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Adam=Ken Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Lee=Michele Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_DeSimone=Thomas DeSimone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radu_Vasile=Radu Vasile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_Meriadoc=Conan Meriadoc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedley_Bull=Hedley Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Hellinger=Bert Hellinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Van_Patten=Dick Van Patten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_D._Jones=Michael D. Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%B6ran_Wahlenberg=Göran Wahlenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Ay_Sempier=Evelyn Ay Sempier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Pe%C3%B1alosa=Francisco de Peñalosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Praimnath=Stanley Praimnath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Leyton=John Leyton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peta_Nocona=Viaggiatore Solitario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Santos_(actor)=Pablo Santos (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_First=Ruth First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ota_%C5%A0ik=Ota Šik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare_Torry=Clare Torry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Salieri=Mario Salieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_N%C3%B8rg%C3%A5rd=Per Nørgård
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_Rovina=Hanna Rovina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Welling=Tom Welling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Lloyd=Frank Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshood_Abiola=Moshood Abiola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Jaewon=Kim Jae-won
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Murray_(writer)=Albert Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_Goclenius=Rudolph Göckel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_Dantzig=Tobias Dantzig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_David_Hall=Robert David Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalifa_bin_Hamad_Al_Thani=Khalifa bin Hamad al-Thani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_de_La_Tour_d'Auvergne=Maddalena de La Tour d'Auvergne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_von_Stein=Charlotte von Stein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_de_Gournay=Marie de Gournay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedric_Price=Cedric Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Vonlanthen=Jo Vonlanthen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Jane_Kelly=Mary Jane Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudy_Demotte=Rudy Demotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhard_Marcks=Gerhard Marcks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Stride=Elizabeth Stride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffin_Dunne=Griffin Dunne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Raabe=Wilhelm Raabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabban_Bar_Sauma=Rabban Bar Sauma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warwick_Brown=Warwick Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Herrmann=Hans Herrmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Donohue=Mark Donohue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salim_Kechiouche=Salim Kechiouche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_of_Savoy=Luisa di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Morison=Stanley Morison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shlomo_Mintz=Shlomo Mintz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Esposito=John Louis Esposito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaus_Joseph_von_Jacquin=Nikolaus Joseph von Jacquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Chappell=Lisa Chappell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Hyo-jin=Kim Hyo-jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Shirley_(actress)=Anne Shirley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Washkansky=Louis Washkansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiquito_(actor)=Chiquito (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_von_F%C3%BChrich=Joseph von Führich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Pierre_Henri_Rieu=Charles Pierre Henri Rieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Oedekerk=Steve Oedekerk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Naki=Hamilton Naki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcantonio_Raimondi=Marcantonio Raimondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Raibolini=Francesco Francia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Don=David Don
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederica_von_Stade=Frederica von Stade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Markova=Alicia Markova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Stratas=Teresa Stratas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Dobson=Anita Dobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Mrugowsky=Joachim Mrugowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Szigeti=Joseph Szigeti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Campari=Giuseppe Campari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Charbonneaux=Philippe Charbonneaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arngr%C3%ADmur_J%C3%B3nsson=Arngrímur Jónsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Maurice=Emil Maurice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martti_Talvela=Martti Talvela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabetta_Brusa=Elisabetta Brusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Tear=Robert Tear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jess_Thomas=Jess Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Tucker=Richard Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionysius,_Metropolitan_of_Kiev=Dionisio (metropolita di Kiev)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Santoro=Michele Santoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Ernst_Eberlin=Johann Ernst Eberlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Heppner=Ben Heppner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Harper=Heather Harper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eaglen=Jane Eaglen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Forrester=Maureen Forrester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Fournier=Pierre Fournier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zino_Francescatti=Zino Francescatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Fr%C3%BChbeck_de_Burgos=Rafael Frühbeck de Burgos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H%C3%A9l%C3%A8ne_Grimaud=Hélène Grimaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Gr%C3%BCmmer=Elisabeth Grümmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_von_Pelzeln=August von Pelzeln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Holliger=Heinz Holliger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Lada=Josef Lada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Lear=Evelyn Lear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Finkleman=Ken Finkleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Hicks=Catherine Hicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Oldenburg=Henry Oldenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Maillard=Jean Maillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Manchin=Joe Manchin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutulu_Shakur=Mutulu Shakur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theobald_Boehm=Theobald Boehm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Chaplygin=Sergej Alekseevič Čaplygin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thom_Mayne=Thom Mayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Ivory_(director)=James Ivory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Ninov=Victor Ninov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H%C3%A9lo%C3%AFse_d'Argenteuil=Eloisa (badessa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._E._Ruthenberg=Charles Emil Ruthenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Tydings=Alexandra Tydings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesses_VI=Ramses VI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesses_VII=Ramses VII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Bourne=Matthew Bourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Alaskey=Joe Alaskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Michael_Ziehrer=Carl Michael Ziehrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_Prideaux=Humphrey Prideaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miko%C5%82aj_%22the_Red%22_Radziwi%C5%82%C5%82=Mikołaj Radziwiłł
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wemyss_Reid=Thomas Wemyss Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leitch_Ritchie=Leitch Ritchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_William_Robertson=Thomas William Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Stewart_Rose=William Stewart Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_David_Schoepff=Johann David Schoepff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutchison_Stirling=James Hutchison Stirling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeng_Jinlian=Zeng Jinlian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lainie_Kazan=Lainie Kazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10th_Dalai_Lama=Tsultrim Gyatso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Spadolini=Giovanni Spadolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophonisba=Sofonisba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wuhl=Robert Wuhl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%81rni_Magn%C3%BAsson=Árni Magnússon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miko%C5%82aj_%22the_Black%22_Radziwi%C5%82%C5%82=Mikołaj Krzysztof Radziwiłł (1515-1565)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpaida=Alpaïde di Bruyères
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Dickau=Dan Dickau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Thomas_(author)=Ross Thomas (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aribo_of_Austria=Aribo d'Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_%C5%A0koda=Emil Škoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Benz=Julie Benz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artavazd_Peleshyan=Artavazd Pelešjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Stuart,_Duchess_of_Albany=Charlotte Stuart, duchessa di Albany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Hyneman=Jamie Hyneman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldine_McEwan=Geraldine McEwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutherford_Alcock=Rutherford Alcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agatharchus=Agatarco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gershom_Scholem=Gershom Scholem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_Garcia=Sunny Garcia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Marlowe=June Marlowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Rykiel=Sonia Rykiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustavo_Franco=Gustavo Franco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_McKinney=Bill McKinney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Giacchino=Michael Giacchino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Cleaveland=Moses Cleaveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Reitz=Edgar Reitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leontine_Sagan=Leontine Sagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Victor_IV_(1138)=Antipapa Vittore IV (Conti)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Victor_IV_(1159%E2%80%931164)=Antipapa Vittore IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Alfenus_Senecio=Lucio Alfeno Senecione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude-Henri_Belgrand_de_Vaubois=Claude Henri de Belgrand de Vaubois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dariga_Nazarbayeva=Dariga Nazarbaeva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Beuckelaer=Joachim Beuckelaer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Barroso=Maria Barroso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Hillenburg=Stephen Hillenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%A9onide_Massine=Léonide Massine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Gluck=Alma Gluck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Finnissy=Michael Finnissy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christa_Winsloe=Christa Winsloe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Bancroft=Frederic Bancroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindley_Miller_Garrison=Lindley Miller Garrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Omar=Don Omar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Burke_(British_actor)=David Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Chinetti=Luigi Chinetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Bish=Diane Bish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CeCe_Peniston=CeCe Peniston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_H%C3%A9rold=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Taylor_(wrestler)=Chris Taylor (wrestler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Chauvenet=William Chauvenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Utsumi=Kenji Utsumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Azevedo=Tony Azevedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bianca_Jagger=Bianca Jagger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Di_Stefano=Giuseppe Di Stefano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Pepper=Barry Pepper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Sarah=Sara la Nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Shabalov=Alexander Shabalov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verney_Lovett_Cameron=Verney Lovett Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Rolston=Mark Rolston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinton_Battle=Hinton Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Klein=Ernest Klein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Hastings=Max Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_Purvis_and_Robert_Wade=Neal Purvis e Robert Wade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sthiramati=Sthiramati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Laqueur=Walter Laqueur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Boycott=Charles Boycott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Willem_Daendels=Herman Willem Daendels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragomir_Milo%C5%A1evi%C4%87=Dragomir Milošević
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Boyer=Jacqueline Boyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Pascal=Jean-Claude Pascal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marius_Goring=Marius Goring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorvald_Eiriksson=Þorvaldr Eiríksson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Lehzen=Louise Lehzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Browne=Walter Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Doisneau=Robert Doisneau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Anderson=Harry Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermanno_Olmi=Ermanno Olmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Kelly_(snowboarder)=Craig Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirk_Acevedo=Kirk Acevedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiichi_Morimura=Seiichi Morimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Krylov_(marshal)=Nikolaj Ivanovič Krylov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Kucharzewski=Jan Kucharzewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yisrael_Meir_Lau=Yisrael Meir Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Reece=Jimmy Reece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Chalk=Gary Chalk (illustratore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Steuart_(economist)=James Steuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Minton=Yvonne Minton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitri_Mitropoulos=Dimitri Mitropoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Glover=Bruce Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Ratzel=Friedrich Ratzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paz_Vega=Paz Vega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hildegard_of_the_Vinzgau=Ildegarda (moglie di Carlo Magno)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delia_Scala=Delia Scala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baconin_Borzacchini=Mario Umberto Borzacchini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Darracq=Pierre Alexandre Darracq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_M%C3%BCnchinger=Karl Münchinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minamoto_no_Yorimasa=Minamoto no Yorimasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Wilhelm_Ferdinand_Solger=Karl Wilhelm Ferdinand Solger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judah_Leon_Abravanel=Leone Ebreo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleixo_de_Abreu=Alexis de Abreu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Josef_Abs=Hermann Josef Abs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Ma'shar_al-Balkhi=Abu Ma'shar al-Balkhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ogdon=John Ogdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Leopold_Wagner=Heinrich Leopold Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothea_Binz=Dorothea Binz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Assante=Armand Assante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnar_Wennerberg=Gunnar Wennerberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_I,_Count_of_Flanders=Luigi I di Fiandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Mathiez=Albert Mathiez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Oistrakh=Igor' Davydovič Ojstrach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley_Berman=Shelley Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Fran%C3%A7ois_Paillard=Jean-François Paillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicity_Palmer=Felicity Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Adam_(architect)=James Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Peerce=Jan Peerce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberta_Peters=Roberta Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Kendall_Adams=Charles Kendall Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_Piatigorsky=Grigorij Pavlovič Pjatigorskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Afzelius=Adam Afzelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Prey=Hermann Prey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitman_Mayo=Whitman Mayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pritchard_(conductor)=John Pritchard (direttore d'orchestra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathleen_Synge_Morawetz=Cathleen Synge Morawetz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Viesturs=Ed Viesturs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Joseph_Addonizio=Hugh Joseph Addonizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus_Adler=Cyrus Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_Ferrera=America Ferrera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alopen=Alopen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itagaki_Nobukata=Itagaki Nobukata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lane_Allen=James Lane Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lennox_Richardson=Charles Lennox Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Paul_Goode=John Paul Goode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Bennett=Jeff Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margot_Kidder=Margot Kidder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Alin=Oskar Alin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Kroner=Richard Kroner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Haym=Rudolf Haym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Eddowes=Catherine Eddowes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Casiraghi=Andrea Casiraghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefanie_Powers=Stefanie Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dee_Wallace=Dee Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akwasi_Afrifa=Akwasi Afrifa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Adolph_Agardh=Carl Adolph Agardh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Georg_Agardh=Jacob Georg Agardh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Agnos=Art Agnos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_LaRocka=Frankie LaRocka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masahiro_Sakurai=Masahiro Sakurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arina_Tanemura=Arina Tanemura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Savini=Tom Savini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrietta_Treffz=Henrietta Treffz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul-Q%C4%81dir_B%C4%ABdel=Abdul-Qādir Bēdil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yelena_Bonner=Elena Bonnėr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Bryullov=Karl Pavlovič Brjullov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollonius_Molon=Apollonio Molone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Sch%C3%BCrer=Emil Schürer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Walther=Carl Walther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serenus_Sammonicus=Quinto Sereno Sammonico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Femi_Taylor=Femi Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Aubret=Isabelle Aubret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grethe_Ingmann=Grethe Ingmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Lindon=Vincent Lindon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniele_Luttazzi=Daniele Luttazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_R._Hunt=Peter Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dembo=Richard Dembo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Griem=Helmut Griem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Aviles=Rick Aviles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ko%C3%A7i_Xoxe=Koçi Xoxe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Machholz=Donald Edward Machholz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jebe=Jebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasna_Benhassi=Hasna Benhassi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Graf=Stephanie Graf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolfo_Pio_da_Carpi=Rodolfo Pio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_G=Shock G
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Schwarz=Gerard Schwarz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Kersten=Felix Kersten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Spottiswoode=Roger Spottiswoode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V%C3%ADt%C4%9Bzslav_H%C3%A1lek=Vítězslav Hálek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaiser_Kuo=Kaiser Kuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Lachenal=Louis Lachenal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Scimone=Claudio Scimone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Herzog=Maurice Herzog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Yost=Graham Yost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Willans=Geoffrey Willans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radovan_Richta=Radovan Richta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gay_Talese=Gay Talese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_VelJohnson=Reginald VelJohnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Morrissey=Donna Morrissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherraine_Schalm=Sherraine Schalm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_L%C3%BCdke=Bruno Lüdke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_del_Mar_Bonet=Maria del Mar Bonet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tricia_Helfer=Tricia Helfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Whitty=Jeff Whitty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_Columbus=Bartolomeo Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Culler=Jonathan Culler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Demantius=Christoph Demantius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McNaughton=John McNaughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Collins=Lauren Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ressler=Robert Ressler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Mind=Gottfried Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Yagher=Kevin Yagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sekula_Drljevi%C4%87=Sekula Drljević
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Bodman=Samuel Bodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Mackenzie=Duncan Mackenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Foote_Whyte=William Foote Whyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._P._McKenna=T.P. McKenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Carossa=Hans Carossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man%C3%A8s_Sperber=Manès Sperber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juraj_Dobrila=Juraj Dobrila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Jandl=Ernst Jandl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Kutepov=Alexander Pavlovič Kutepov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksei_Antonov=Aleksej Innokent'evič Antonov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzysztof_Wodiczko=Krzysztof Wodiczko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garcilaso_de_la_Vega_(chronicler)=Garcilaso de la Vega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autran_Dourado=Autran Dourado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-L%C3%A9opold_Boilly=Louis-Léopold Boilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Bourriaud=Nicolas Bourriaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grayson_Hall=Grayson Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Zamprogna=Dominic Zamprogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alciphron=Alcifrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Rust=Bernhard Rust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanette_Fabray=Nanette Fabray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Boyen=Hermann von Boyen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Gro%C3%9Fmann=Carl Großmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhao_Ruirui=Zhao Ruirui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chu_Jinling=Chu Jinling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Hao_(volleyball)=Yang Hao (pallavolista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemowit_IV,_Duke_of_Masovia=Siemowit IV di Masovia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamlyn_Tomita=Tamlyn Tomita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diederich_Franz_Leonhard_von_Schlechtendal=Diederich Franz Leonhard von Schlechtendal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Shaver=Helen Shaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillip_Parker_King=Phillip Parker King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_ben_Jacob_Cordovero=Moses Cordovero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_J._Chaput=Charles Joseph Chaput
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babak_Khorramdin=Babak Khorramdin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Ann_Robinson=Jo Ann Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Burnaby=Andrew Burnaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerrit_Blaauw=Gerrit Blaauw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophus_Schandorph=Sophus Schandorph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Schelandre=Jean de Schelandre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Victor_von_Scheffel=Joseph Victor von Scheffel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Portales=Diego Portales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronim_Augustyn_Lubomirski=Hieronim Augustyn Lubomirski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Elliott=Grace Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Schiltberger=Johann Schiltberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Davis=John A. Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Gustaf_Ekeberg=Anders Gustav Ekeberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Courtois=Bernard Courtois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_Geibel=Emanuel Geibel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Persson_(magnate)=Stefan Persson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Reich=Ferdinand Reich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everhardus_Johannes_Potgieter=Everhardus Johannes Potgieter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Busken_Huet=Conrad Busken Huet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melanie_Blatt=Melanie Blatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Delafontaine=Marc Delafontaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Julius_Stahl=Friedrich Julius Stahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Walsh_(producer)=Bill Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Cabot=Susan Cabot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Hyer=Martha Hyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Riley=Richard Riley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Doran=Ann Doran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_Macfadyen=Angus Macfadyen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsuko_Tanaka_(voice_actress)=Atsuko Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_E._Wilson=Harriet E. Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlin_Perkins=Marlin Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wilhelm_Schirmer=Johann Wilhelm Schirmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Chadwick=John Chadwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Sch%C3%B6nfeld=Eduard Schönfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Christophe_Lafaille=Jean-Christophe Lafaille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Jules_Hetzel=Pierre-Jules Hetzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renato_Ruggiero=Renato Ruggiero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomponius_Porphyrion=Pomponio Porfirione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Fry=Nick Fry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomasz_Sikora=Tomasz Sikora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Blobel=Paul Blobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wyer=John Wyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Terray=Lionel Terray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verus_(senator)=Vero (senatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Stokes_Mitchell=Brian Stokes Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Allen=Patrick Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Gorchakov=Aleksandr Michajlovič Gorčakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernie_Sabella=Ernie Sabella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Zofia_Sapieha=Anna Zofia Sapieha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Bartolomeo_Rastrelli=Bartolomeo Rastrelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melchior_Klesl=Melchior Khlesl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reza_Abbasi=Reza Abbasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilson_Ahmeti=Vilson Ahmeti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshisuke_Aikawa=Yoshisuke Aikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Geiger=Abraham Geiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_von_Albori=Eugen von Albori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mykelti_Williamson=Mykelti Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayat_al-Akhras=Ayat Al-Akhras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Trollope=Frances Trollope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Gillis=Christopher Gillis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoe_Gozen=Tomoe Gozen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Dallesandro=Joe Dallesandro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Giorno=John Giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_III_ibn_al-Husayn=Ali Muddat ibn al-Husayn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Schappeler=Christoph Schappeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandr_Khanzhonkov=Aleksandr Alekseevič Chanžonkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Grey,_Baron_Grey_of_Naunton=Ralph Grey, barone Grey di Naunton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynne_Frederick=Lynne Frederick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Somervell=Arthur Somervell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_R._Hall=Hanna R. Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Vanderbilt_II=George Washington Vanderbilt II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintero_brothers=Serafin e Joaquin Álvarez Quintero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Durand=Pierre Durand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Michael_Fay=J. Michael Fay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ant%C3%B3nio_Jos%C3%A9_de_Almeida=António José de Almeida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_McPherson_Allen=William McPherson Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ion_Emanuel_Florescu=Ion Emanuel Florescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Rosetti=Theodor Rosetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hermann_Schomburgk=Robert Hermann Schomburgk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Ebbinghaus=Julius Ebbinghaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_King_(tenor)=James King (tenore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Friedrich_Daniel_Schubart=Christian Friedrich Daniel Schubart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Khan=Irene Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_von_Schwind=Moritz von Schwind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Muliar=Fritz Muliar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelmine_Schr%C3%B6der-Devrient=Wilhelmine Schröder-Devrient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Majerus=Michel Majerus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Hermann_Schulze-Delitzsch=Franz Hermann Schulze-Delitzsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Maier=Michael Maier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Seddon=Thomas Seddon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Antonucci=Danny Antonucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillian_Armstrong=Gillian Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Derrick=Thomas Derrick (boia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Galamian=Ivan Galamian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maeda_Toshimasu=Maeda Toshimasu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Pacchioni=Antonio Pacchioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazel_Hawke=Hazel Hawke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Cannan=Gilbert Cannan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Quax=Dick Quax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Court_de_G%C3%A9belin=Antoine Court de Gébelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kerr=Alfred Kerr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Cherry=Marc Cherry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthonie_Cornelis_Oudemans=Anthonie Cornelis Oudemans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_McCracken=James McCracken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mills_(encyclopedist)=John Mills (enciclopedista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truls_M%C3%B8rk=Truls Mørk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabbatius_of_Solovki=Sabbazio di Solovki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Emory_Smith=Charles Emory Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Sims=Molly Sims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chely_Wright=Chely Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Tobias_Sergel=Johan Tobias Sergel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herta_Ehlert=Herta Ehlert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Sautet=Claude Sautet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlies_Askamp=Marlies Askamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Vidal=Lisa Vidal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Alfred_Paget=Alfred Henry Paget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvia_Pinal=Silvia Pinal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olli_Rehn=Olli Rehn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Le_Maingre=Jean II Le Meingre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Kulagina=Nina Kulagina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coelius_Sedulius=Sedulio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel-Peter_Witkin=Joel Peter Witkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Cort=Henry Cort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yehuda_Ashlag=Yehuda Ashlag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Snyder=Daniel Snyder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaos_Plastiras=Nikolaos Plastiras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Sampson=Anthony Sampson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loretta_Devine=Loretta Devine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Mel=La storia di Mel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dign%C4%81ga=Dignaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elihu_Palmer=Elihu Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnon_Milchan=Arnon Milchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madylin_Sweeten=Madylin Sweeten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Whipple=Allen Whipple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Cellarius=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Cellarius=Christoph Keller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurens_van_der_Post=Laurens van der Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Oman=Charles Oman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Brucker=Johann Jacob Brucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo_of_Tournai=Oddone di Tournai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Clauberg=Johannes Clauberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gilder=George Gilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Flint=Robert Flint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan_and_Cole_Sprouse=Dylan e Cole Sprouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliane_Karp=Eliane Karp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praxilla=Prassilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Hildebrand=Rudolf Hildebrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petre_S._Aurelian=Petre S. Aurelian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_McLaughlin_Korologos=Ann McLaughlin Korologos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gheorghe_Grigore_Cantacuzino=Gheorghe Grigore Cantacuzino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantin_Angelescu=Constantin Angelescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Leonardi=Marco Leonardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hildegard_Neumann=Hildegard Neumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hyde=Thomas Hyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%A1szl%C3%B3_Kov%C3%A1cs_(cinematographer)=László Kovács (fotografo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godefroid_Kurth=Godefroid Kurth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Selby=David Selby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Newey=Adrian Newey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_F%C3%B6rster=Bernhard Förster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsay_and_Sidney_Greenbush=Lindsay e Sidney Greenbush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Raza_Khan_Barelvi=Ahmad Reza Khan Barelvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In%C3%A9s_de_Su%C3%A1rez=Inés de Suárez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Lupo=Michael Lupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandru_G._Golescu=Alexandru G. Golescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Kapp=Wolfgang Kapp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Norfolk=Lawrence Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Hazelhoff_Roelfzema=Erik Hazelhoff Roelfzema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Garfield=Eugene Garfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Dreser=Heinrich Dreser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Tonson=Jacob Tonson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talisa_Soto=Talisa Soto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristina_S%C3%B6derbaum=Kristina Söderbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Molnau=Carol Molnau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Williams_(game_designer)=Bill Williams (programmatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bluhdorn=Charles Bluhdorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brande_Roderick=Brande Roderick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%A1bor_A._Somorjai=Gábor Arpad Somorjai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Trendelenburg=Friedrich Trendelenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Webb=Robert Webb (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_DeSena=Jack De Sena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_al-Shatir=Ibn al-Shatir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miron_Cozma=Miron Cozma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksey_Nikolayevich_Tolstoy=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sol_Hurok=Sol Hurok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Bing=Rudolf Bing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Lewin=Albert Lewin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Repnin=Nikolaj Vasil'evič Repnin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goffredo_Petrassi=Goffredo Petrassi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Peters=Jean Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Houghton=Katharine Houghton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tami_Stronach=Tami Stronach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antony_MacDonnell,_1st_Baron_MacDonnell=Antony MacDonnell, I barone MacDonnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_Gooden=Drew Gooden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Villoresi=Emilio Villoresi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Corte-Real=Miguel Corte-Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India_Allen=India Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Gale=Bob Gale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Courtney=Nicholas Courtney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Sleidanus=Johannes Sleidanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermione_Baddeley=Hermione Baddeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Riccio=Andrea Briosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Camenisch=Marco Camenisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Koehler=Johann Gottfried Koehler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archduke_Albrecht,_Duke_of_Teschen=Alberto d'Asburgo-Teschen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thayer_David=Thayer David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Ward=Joseph Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Collins_Whitney=William Collins Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_Massey=Kyle Massey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_de_Le%C3%B3n=Moses de León
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_Dru=Joanne Dru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicente_Espinel=Vicente Espinel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lowie=Robert Lowie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Curtis_Hepburn=James Curtis Hepburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leif_Segerstam=Leif Segerstam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Lucioni=Luigi Lucioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Duphly=Jacques Duphly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Grafton=Anthony Grafton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_McClure=Steve McClure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Amici=Giovanni Battista Amici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_Luini=Bernardino Luini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Ehrlich=Eugen Ehrlich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Nicole=Fred Nicole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Robins=Elizabeth Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Rhett=Alicia Rhett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stede_Bonnet=Stede Bonnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Griboyedov=Aleksandr Sergeevič Griboedov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Skinner=Claire Skinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Zimmer=Emma Zimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Hussey=Ruth Hussey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Decleir=Jan Decleir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Boothby=Guy Boothby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilie_Schindler=Emilie Schindler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Pablo_Duarte=Juan Pablo Duarte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dietrich_Mateschitz=Dietrich Mateschitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cunniff=John Cunniff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Jacques_Garvey=Amy Jacques Garvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bishop_Sudworth=George Bishop Sudworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filippo_Parlatore=Filippo Parlatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Callahan_(actor)=John Callahan (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Hagen=Jean Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musaylimah=Musaylima ibn Habib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Bergman=Andrew Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Most=Johann Most
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrienne_Frantz=Adrienne Frantz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lev_Chernyi=Lev Černyj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Galleani=Luigi Galleani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Esmond=Jill Esmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philips_van_Almonde=Philips van Almonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Ray_Rector=Ricky Ray Rector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_Erbe=Kathryn Erbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynda_Lopez=Lynda Lopez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakesh_Roshan=Rakesh Roshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Banks=Leslie Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_C._Carmel=Roger C. Carmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Gulko=Boris Francevič Gul'ko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Moore_(actress)=Terry Moore (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Henner=Jean-Jacques Henner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_von_Arneth=Alfred von Arneth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Henri_Halphen=Georges Henri Halphen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_dal_Pozzo_Toscanelli=Paolo dal Pozzo Toscanelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_Gordon_(novelist)=Noah Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Ritschl=Friedrich Wilhelm Ritschl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Liss=David Liss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_Joseph_Alphonse_Gratry=Joseph Gratry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_of_Seville=Giovanni da Siviglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicky_Oppenheimer=Nicky Oppenheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvatore_Accardo=Salvatore Accardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Eduard_von_Holtei=Karl von Holtei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Dee=Ruby Dee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Perschy=Maria Perschy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Nikolaus_G%C3%B6tz=Johann Nikolaus Götz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Uz=Johann Peter Uz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristen_Bell=Kristen Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Gouthi%C3%A8re=Pierre Gouthière
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%A9on_Gozlan=Léon Gozlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Foner=Eric Foner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Spence=Bruce Spence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Souliotis=Elena Souliotis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R%C3%B3zsa_P%C3%A9ter=Rózsa Péter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Mitchell=Jerry Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Deakins=Roger Deakins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lando_Ndasingwa=Lando Ndasingwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yehuda_Krinsky=Yehuda Krinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caupo_of_Turaida=Caupo di Turaida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%A9rard_Encausse=Gérard Encausse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._C._Sherriff=Robert Cedric Sherriff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leila_Josefowicz=Leila Josefowicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Cummings=Robert Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yurina_Hase=Yurina Hase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Robin_Milne=Christopher Robin Milne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakana_Yamazaki=Wakana Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masumi_Asano=Masumi Asano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Kuznetsov=Fëdor Isidorovič Kuznecov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Schreck=Julius Schreck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junko_Takeuchi=Junko Takeuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erhard_Heiden=Erhard Heiden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Lockhart=Gene Lockhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Kilburn=Terry Kilburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Izambard=Georges Izambard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Warner=Harry Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Vidor=Charles Vidor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Feld=Fritz Feld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Greaves=John Greaves (astronomo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_G._Hall=Ken G. Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mildred_Dunnock=Mildred Dunnock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Innes=Laura Innes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frieda_Inescort=Frieda Inescort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_Blandiana=Ana Blandiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Patrick_(actress)=Lee Patrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigurd_Pettersen=Sigurd Pettersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Francesco_Grazzini=Anton Francesco Grazzini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Berni=Francesco Berni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermengarde_of_Hesbaye=Ermengarda di Hesbaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginar_IV,_Count_of_Mons=Reginardo IV di Mons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Holborne=Anthony Holborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles,_Duke_of_Lower_Lorraine=Carlo I di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginar_II,_Count_of_Hainaut=Reginardo II di Hainaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaki_Hunter=Kaki Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_of_Opava=Martino Polono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Vergara=Jorge Vergara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranulf_de_Gernon,_4th_Earl_of_Chester=Ranulph de Gernon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Percy=George Percy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Drummond,_16th_Earl_of_Perth=James Eric Drummond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Frank_Bowden,_1st_Baronet=Frank Bowden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Lane=Lauren Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pankaj_Kapur=Pankaj Kapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristina_Brandi=Kristina Brandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Berchtold=Joseph Berchtold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pupi_Avati=Pupi Avati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Smith_(actress)=Liz Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrell_Biggs=Tyrell Biggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Hampton=Christopher Hampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirali_Muslimov=Şirəli Müslümov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Fleury=Claude Fleury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielle_Darrieux=Danielle Darrieux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Graf=Arturo Graf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Williman=Claudio Williman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Cheng=Adam Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Andreyevich_Tolstoy=Pëtr Andreevič Tolstoj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Gorguloff=Pavel Timofeevič Gorgulov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Ferdinand_von_Graefe=Karl Ferdinand von Gräfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vova_and_Olga_Galchenko=Ol'ga Gal'čenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garry_Winogrand=Garry Winogrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Pucci_(poet)=Antonio Pucci (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Ryder=Lisa Ryder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Bellas=Bruce Bellas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Bartiromo=Maria Bartiromo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili_Chookasian=Lili Chookasian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countess_Marie_Larisch_von_Moennich=Maria Luisa Larisch-Wallersee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_C._F._Greve=Georg C. F. Greve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Bungay=Stephen Bungay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_V%C3%A9lez_de_Guevara=Luis Vélez de Guevara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Cherry=Wayne Cherry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Henry_Hackett=James Henry Hackett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Gollwitzer=Helmut Gollwitzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_of_Germany=Agnese di Waiblingen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Frans_van_Bloemen=Jan Frans van Bloemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Gerson=Max Gerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques-Fran%C3%A7ois_Blondel=Jacques-François Blondel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Blondin=Charles Blondin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Jiaxiang=Zhang Jiaxiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izumi_Matsumoto=Izumi Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_Kippel=Shane Kippel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvon_Chouinard=Yvon Chouinard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Afdal_Shahanshah=Al-Afdal Shahanshah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne_Maurice_Falconet=Étienne Maurice Falconet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adalbert_Falk=Adalbert Falk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Hernandez=Jay Hernandez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruggero_Bonghi=Ruggiero Bonghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Bonitz=Hermann Bonitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvira_de_Hidalgo=Elvira de Hidalgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Taverner=Richard Taverner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katarzyna_Sobieska=Katarzyna Sobieska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigismondo_Pandolfo_Malatesta=Sigismondo Pandolfo Malatesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Ward=Sophie Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostino_Straulino=Agostino Straulino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Sergeyevich_Menshikov=Aleksandr Sergeevič Menšikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawe%C5%82_Huelle=Paweł Huelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chips_Moman=Chips Moman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etty_Hillesum=Etty Hillesum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Matthews=Al Matthews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barjik=Barjik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doon_Mackichan=Doon Mackichan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Joe_Campbell=Larry Joe Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steponas_Darius=Steponas Darius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Grenander=Alfred Grenander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasdai_ibn_Shaprut=Hasday ibn Shaprut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Malypetr=Jan Malypetr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kshemaraja=Kṣemarāja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anandavardhana=Anandavardhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasugupta=Vasugupta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Neill_Cream=Thomas Neill Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somananda=Somānanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughes_brothers=Albert ed Allen Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pooja_Bhatt=Pooja Bhatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahesh_Bhatt=Mahesh Bhatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twinkle_Khanna=Twinkle Khanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wesley_Ruggles=Wesley Ruggles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimple_Kapadia=Dimple Kapadia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Lincoln=Andrew Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_von_Grolman=Karl von Grolman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ji%C5%99%C3%AD_Trnka=Jiří Trnka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesley_Langley=Lesley Langley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Rullo=Jason Rullo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Penn=Irving Penn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamel_Debbouze=Jamel Debbouze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Bassey=Jennifer Bassey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lampi%C3%A3o=Lampião
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Neame=Ronald Neame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Jackson_Davis=Andrew Jackson Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_S._Battle=John Stewart Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Merckle=Adolf Merckle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Higgs=Michael Higgs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Leung_Ka-fai=Tony Leung Ka-Fai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Dawson=Christopher Dawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernadette_Chirac=Bernadette Chirac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Stewart=French Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludvig_Nobel=Ludvig Nobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenette_Goldstein=Jenette Goldstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Ward_(musician)=Andy Ward (musicista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_James_Waller=Robert James Waller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlene_Barshefsky=Charlene Barshefsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prithviraj_Kapoor=Prithviraj Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Parnell=Chris Parnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ruthven,_3rd_Earl_of_Gowrie=John Ruthven, III conte di Gowrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qutuz=Sayf al-Din Qutuz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Kirshner=Don Kirshner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucien_Guitry=Lucien Guitry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Julius_Hammer=Friedrich Julius Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M%C3%A6rsk_Mc-Kinney_M%C3%B8ller=Mærsk Mc-Kinney Møller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Waitz=Georg Waitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Prokhorov=Michail Prochorov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Herz_(businessman)=Michael Herz (imprenditore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_DeVos=Richard DeVos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Ashraf_Khalil=Al-Ashraf Khalil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Narahashi=Miki Narahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuhiro_Takato=Yasuhiro Takato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayako_Shiraishi=Ayako Shiraishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumi_Takada=Yumi Takada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terri_Minsky=Terri Minsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dadasaheb_Phalke=Dhundiraj Govind Phalke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rishi_Kapoor=Rishi Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_Paolo_Vergerio=Pietro Paolo Vergerio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Fodor_(violinist)=Eugene Fodor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Spiera=Francesco Spiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gon%C3%A7alves_Dias=Antônio Gonçalves Dias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Boesak=Allan Boesak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Haig=Brian Haig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_von_Tschammer_und_Osten=Hans von Tschammer und Osten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Khallikan=Ibn Khallikan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Richardson=Terry Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Storm_Petersen=Robert Storm Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_d'Ancona=Alessandro D'Ancona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janusz_Radziwi%C5%82%C5%82_(1579%E2%80%931620)=Janusz Radziwiłł (1579-1620)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Baneham=Richard Baneham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogus%C5%82aw_Radziwi%C5%82%C5%82=Bogusław Radziwiłł
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Leaf=Ryan Leaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Dunn=Ryan Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_DiCamillo=Brandon DiCamillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsines=Apsine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_L._Turner=Fred Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Lecoq=Jacques Lecoq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gu%C3%B0brandur_%C3%9Eorl%C3%A1ksson=Guðbrandur Þorláksson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Maddow=Rachel Maddow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustine_Birrell=Augustine Birrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Savater=Fernando Savater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad,_Duke_of_Lorraine=Corrado il Rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artur_Hazelius=Artur Immanuel Hazelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Ishii=Ken Ishii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Anselmo=Tony Anselmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Walcott=Mary Walcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Loring=Gloria Loring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanne_Klatten=Susanne Klatten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Del_Vecchio=Leonardo Del Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Wojciech_Potocki=Alfred Wojciech Potocki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Yuki=Kaori Yuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Broad=Eli Broad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiros_Latsis=Spiro Latsis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunil_Mittal=Sunil Bharti Mittal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Robert_Tisch=Preston Robert Tisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Malone=John C. Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Whichcote=Benjamin Whichcote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Riegel=Hans Riegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanis%C5%82aw_Kostka_Potocki=Stanisław Kostka Potocki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Obata=Takeshi Obata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miko%C5%82aj_Krzysztof_%22the_Orphan%22_Radziwi%C5%82%C5%82=Mikołaj Krzysztof Radziwiłł (1549-1616)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trudie_Styler=Trudie Styler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Sidney=Mary Sidney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Cheney=Liz Cheney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erika_Christensen=Erika Christensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Bromfield=Louis Bromfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Highmore=Freddie Highmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Groves=Charles Groves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melusina_von_der_Schulenburg,_Countess_of_Walsingham=Melusina von der Schulenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Agn%C3%A8s_Berthelot_de_Pl%C3%A9neuf,_marquise_de_Prie=Giovanna Agnese Berthelot de Pleneuf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Aquin=Hubert Aquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicki_Baum=Vicki Baum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Je_Tsongkhapa=Tsongkhapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Singmaster=David Singmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Bathurst,_1st_Earl_Bathurst=Allen Bathurst, I conte Bathurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Rudolf_Brommy=Karl Rudolf Brommy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Heder=Jon Heder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Nettlau=Max Nettlau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milcho_Leviev=Milcho Leviev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lisin=Vladimir Lisin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Ferrero=Michele Ferrero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pralhad_Keshav_Atre=Aacharya Atre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Wagenstein=Angel Wagenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Tschira=Klaus Tschira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Kun-hee=Lee Kun-hee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estevanico=Estebanico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oded_Fehr=Oded Fehr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mili_Avital=Mili Avital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaneta_Kimotsuki=Kaneta Kimotsuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniele_Sepe=Daniele Sepe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_Sid=Symphony Sid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Prina=Giuseppe Prina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Riegert=Peter Riegert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Despenser_the_Younger=Ugo Despenser il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Michael_Bishop=John Michael Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Alinei=Mario Alinei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Sajer=Guy Sajer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques-Fran%C3%A7ois_Ancelot=Jacques-François Ancelot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Woodville,_Duchess_of_Buckingham=Catherine Woodville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Lawford=Christopher Lawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uri_Orlev=Uri Orlev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Noth=Martin Noth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Stromer=Ernst Stromer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziauddin_Barani=Ḍiyāʾ al-Dīn Baranī
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Shawcross=Arthur Shawcross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Camargo_Barbosa=Daniel Barbosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Herrigel=Eugen Herrigel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Owen-Jones=John Owen-Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonzalo_Rubalcaba=Gonzalo Rubalcaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksander_Or%C5%82owski=Aleksander Orłowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Sladen=Elisabeth Sladen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Susman=Todd Susman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daliah_Lavi=Daliah Lavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Albert_Gary=James Albert Gary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wardell=William Wardell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Palacios=Alfredo Palacios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Ann_Walter=Lisa Ann Walter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nora_Dunn=Nora Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Neal=Diane Neal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Carell=Steve Carell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Perenchio=Jerry Perenchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irwin_Winkler=Irwin Winkler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cookie_Mueller=Cookie Mueller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hays=Robert Hays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Purves=Peter Purves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Wright=Edgar Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvan_Attal=Yvan Attal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Charles_Athanase_Peltier=Jean Charles Athanase Peltier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Meador=Joshua Meador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_D._Pistone=Joe Pistone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Byung-hun=Lee Byung-hun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porfirio_Barba-Jacob=Porfirio Barba-Jacob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_de_Clare=Eleonora de Clare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Grimaldi=Joseph Grimaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommaso_Grossi=Tommaso Grossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As-Salih_Ismail_al-Malik=Al-Malik al-Salih Isma'il
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_de_Clare,_6th_Earl_of_Gloucester=Riccardo di Clare, VI conte di Gloucester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesli_Kay=Lesli Kay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhur_Jaffrey=Madhur Jaffrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Baker_Hall=Philip Baker Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Lurie=Rod Lurie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samori_Ture=Samory Turé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Mazzoni=Jacopo Mazzoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Mazzoni_(poet)=Guido Mazzoni (letterato)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christophe_L%C3%A9on_Louis_Juchault_de_Lamorici%C3%A8re=Christophe Louis Léon Juchault de Lamoricière
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Ventriglia=Franco Ventriglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Weller=Peter Weller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Ivanovich_Shuvalov=Pëtr Ivanovič Šuvalov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Maksymilian_Fredro=Andrzej Maksymilian Fredro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Alda=Robert Alda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As-Salih_Ayyub=Al-Salih Ayyub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viviane_Romance=Viviane Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbie_Mitchell=Abbie Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Grauman=Walter Grauman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Mignon=Abraham Mignon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhimsen_Thapa=Bhimsen Thapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazimierz_Nestor_Sapieha=Kazimierz Nestor Sapieha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cunningham_(economist)=William Cunningham (economista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentaro_Miura=Kentarō Miura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Turton=William Turton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Morris_Hunt=William Morris Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matth%C3%A4us_Lang_von_Wellenburg=Matthäus Lang von Wellenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Hermes=Georg Hermes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hegemon_of_Thasos=Egemone di Taso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cratinus=Cratino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Herzog=Hans Herzog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillebert_de_Lannoy=Guilbert de Lannoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_Hottinger=Johann Heinrich Hottinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Saddler=Sandy Saddler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Forn=Juan Forn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hervey_Allen=Hervey Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Trubetskoy=Ivan Jur'evič Trubeckoj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Nizan=Paul Nizan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Silverstone=Ben Silverstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_O'Malley=Walter O'Malley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manolis_Glezos=Manolis Glezos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Hergenr%C3%B6ther=Joseph Hergenröther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiedemann_Giese=Tiedemann Giese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Joseph_Bruat=Armand Joseph Bruat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansaku_Itami=Mansaku Itami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshimitsu_Morita=Yoshimitsu Morita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harpocration=Arpocrazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Briggs=Shannon Briggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Dekker=Albert Dekker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophylact_I,_Count_of_Tusculum=Teofilatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodora_(senatrix)=Teodora (X secolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldassare_Donato=Baldassare Donato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hastings,_3rd_Earl_of_Huntingdon=Henry Hastings, III conte di Huntingdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyodor_Rostopchin=Fëdor Vasil'evič Rostopčin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Hormayr,_Baron_zu_Hortenburg=Joseph von Hormayr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_the_Younger=Carlo il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_Hammer=Doc Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venceslaus_Ulricus_Hammershaimb=Venceslaus Ulricus Hammershaimb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creed_Taylor=Creed Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cindy_Williams=Cindy Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Fabrizi=Nicola Fabrizi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Mirisch=Walter Mirisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Hayes_(writer)=Billy Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Gomperz=Theodor Gomperz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Kendal=Jennifer Kendal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Russell,_Lord_Russell=William Russell (1639-1683)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Marquardt=Joachim Marquardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Adolf_Becker=Wilhelm Adolf Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuji_Hirayama=Yūji Hirayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enric_Valor_i_Vives=Enric Valor i Vives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Vincenzo_Gravina=Gian Vincenzo Gravina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaacov_Agam=Yaacov Agam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Laidlaw=Marc Laidlaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_de_Ferrers,_5th_Earl_of_Derby=Guglielmo di Ferrers, V conte di Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Hanriot=François Hanriot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrick_van_Brederode=Enrico di Brederode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Trigger=Bruce Trigger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gully=John Gully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didi_Conn=Didi Conn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Larroquette=John Larroquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Frost=Nick Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_de_Bohun,_7th_Earl_of_Hereford=Humphrey di Bohun, VII conte di Hereford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Vickers=Jon Vickers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cajetan=Tommaso De Vio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Willetts=Dave Willetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_LeBrock=Kelly LeBrock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sutcliffe=David Sutcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Percy,_7th_Earl_of_Northumberland=Thomas Percy, VII conte di Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wellesley,_6th_Duke_of_Wellington=Henry Wellesley, VI duca di Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brie_Larson=Brie Larson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuki_Yoshitaka=Kuki Yoshitaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Franzese=Michael Franzese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Croce=Giovanni Croce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adel_Emam=Adel Imam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Borwein=Peter Borwein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlene_Francis=Arlene Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanic_Truesdale=Yanic Truesdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanton_T._Friedman=Stanton T. Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasang_Lhamu_Sherpa=Pasang Lhamu Sherpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Fleischer=Richard Fleischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lew_Wasserman=Lew Wasserman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Sullivan_(politician)=Kevin Sullivan (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eusebio_Kino=Eusebio Francesco Chini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_C._Camilleri=Louis Carey Camilleri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%81ngel_Sanz_Briz=Ángel Sanz Briz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Newnes=George Newnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Ghosn=Carlos Ghosn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Araniko=Araniko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_von_Hagemeister=Leontij Andrianovič Gagemejster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legall_de_Kermeur=Legall de Kermeur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Rogers=Jim Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jura_Soyfer=Jura Soyfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_James_(novelist)=Bill James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Bain_(inventor)=Alexander Bain (inventore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Adriani=Giovan Battista Adriani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Louis-Antoine-Gaston_Boissier=Gaston Boissier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Solovyov=Sergej Solov'ëv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Bracegirdle=Anne Bracegirdle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demosthenes_(general)=Demostene (militare)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gregson=John Gregson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Wills=Harry Wills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Parker=Cecil Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumitru_St%C4%83niloae=Dumitru Stăniloae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Blyden=Larry Blyden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Eden,_1st_Baron_Auckland=William Eden, I barone Auckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Bassano=Giovanni Bassano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Parisse=Annie Parisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazimierz_Kordylewski=Kazimierz Kordylewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_zu_Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg=Ludwig von Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berlenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_of_Brotherton,_1st_Earl_of_Norfolk=Tommaso di Brotherton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willigis=Villigiso di Magonza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idris_Elba=Idris Elba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Bellavere=Vincenzo Bellavere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarjei_Vesaas=Tarjei Vesaas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eufrosinia_Kersnovskaya=Eufrosinia Kersnovskaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batya_Gur=Batya Gur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Lee_Thompson=J. Lee Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shunsuke_Kazama=Shunsuke Kazama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla_Williams=Camilla Ella Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thursday_October_Christian_II=Thursday October Christian II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silviu_Brucan=Silviu Brucan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liver-Eating_Johnson=Mangiafegato Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Corbin=Barry Corbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Sagard=Gabriel Sagard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annibale_Padovano=Annibale Padovano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohiro_Kitoh=Mohiro Kitō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Meun=Jean de Meung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Ludwig_Rudolf_Maercker=Georg Ludwig Rudolf Maercker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%A9opold_Simoneau=Léopold Simoneau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Elliott=Patricia Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Buus=Jacques Buus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scipione_Piattoli=Scipione Piattoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_King_(actor)=Ted King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Panaro=Hugh Panaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcello_Truzzi=Marcello Truzzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vannozza_dei_Cattanei=Vannozza Cattanei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leotychidas=Leotichida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Lester_Arnold=Edwin Lester Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_(rapper)=Devon (rapper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Sperati=Giovanni Desperati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jukka_Ammondt=Jukka Ammondt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dougray_Scott=Dougray Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Banks_Rhine=Joseph Rhine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishigaki_Rin=Ishigaki Rin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Diehl=August Diehl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emy_Coligado=Emy Coligado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ennio_Doris=Ennio Doris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin_Saint-Hilaire=Augustin de Saint-Hilaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etteilla=Etteilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_verDorn=Jerry Ver Dorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Dicopoulos=Frank Dicopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennie_Briscoe=Bennie Briscoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Newman_(actor)=Robert Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_O'Leary_(actor)=Michael O'Leary (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine_Toussaint=Lorraine Toussaint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Raines=Ron Raines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Bailey_(actor)=Scott Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Szmanda=Eric Szmanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Guilfoyle=Paul Guilfoyle (attore 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_P._de_Seversky=Aleksandr Nilolaevič Prokof'ev-Severskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Shepherd-Barron=John Sheperd-Barron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lavery=John Lavery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Pinkston=Ryan Pinkston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Schmidt=Bernhard Valdemar Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottokar_II_of_Styria=Ottocaro II di Stiria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Dmitrievich_Maksutov=Dmitrij Dmitrievič Maksutov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Harrower_(actress)=Elizabeth Harrower (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Williams_(American_politician)=Jack Richard Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_of_Tudela=Beniamino di Tudela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Annakin=Ken Annakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Colizzi=Vittorio Colizzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Yashchenko=Volodymyr Jaščenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zig_Ziglar=Zig Ziglar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Butterfly_Hill=Julia Butterfly Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Francesco_Grossi=Giovanni Francesco Grossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottokar_III_of_Styria=Ottocaro III di Stiria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Delaroche=Hippolyte Delaroche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_of_Styria=Leopoldo di Stiria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbie_Flowers=Herbie Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottokar_I_of_Styria=Ottocaro I di Stiria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narcissus_(wrestler)=Narcisso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhavrao_Scindia=Madhav Rao Scindia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Aventinus=Giovanni Aventino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Laurentius=Antipapa Lorenzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Theodore=Antipapa Teodoro II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Paschal=Antipapa Pasquale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archdeacon_Theophylact=Antipapa Teofilatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_L%C3%A9opold_Robert=Louis Léopold Robert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Alphonse_Karr=Alphonse Karr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenny_Kuhr=Lenny Kuhr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom%C3%A1s_de_Iriarte_y_Oropesa=Tomás de Iriarte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B6rg_Jenatsch=Jürg Jenatsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergiu_Nicolaescu=Sergiu Nicolaescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%ADda_Baarov%C3%A1=Lída Baarová
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Garrett=Maureen Garrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Plunkett=Walter Plunkett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Keifer=Elizabeth Keifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Sloan=Tina Sloan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beth_Chamberlin=Beth Chamberlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Oppert=Jules Oppert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tch%C3%A9ky_Karyo=Tchéky Karyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iophon=Iofonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Pelphrey=Tom Pelphrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_J%C3%A1uregui=Juan de Jáuregui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Ryan=Tommy Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Shadyac=Tom Shadyac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Seitz=Friedrich Seitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Rothrock=Cynthia Rothrock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Saudek=Jan Saudek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_C._Evans=David C. Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_de_Bracton=Henry de Bracton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ira_Allen=Ira Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvador_Bacarisse=Salvador Bacarisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Hayward=Louis Hayward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Forsyth=Bill Forsyth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Fran%C3%A7aix=Jean Françaix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epiphanius_the_Wise=Epifanio il Saggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinando_Innocenti=Ferdinando Innocenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Graffman=Gary Graffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shia_LaBeouf=Shia LaBeouf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Boyett=William Boyett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rinat_Akhmetov=Rinat Achmetov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Beineix=Jean-Jacques Beineix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dunlap=William Dunlap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Fuqua=Ivan Fuqua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kriyananda=Kriyananda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arne_Garborg=Arne Garborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Warner=Karl Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Dennis=Simon Dennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hartston=William Hartston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Tamm=Mary Tamm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Eschenbach=Christoph Eschenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evgeny_Golubev=Evgenij Kirillovič Golubev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Terentius_Varro=Gaio Terenzio Varrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukiru_Sugisaki=Yukiru Sugisaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_de_Maistre=Xavier de Maistre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodovico_Agostini=Lodovico Agostini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Bolk=Louis Bolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eunice_Gayson=Eunice Gayson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Stark=Graham Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Daly=Herman Daly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arvid_August_Afzelius=Arvid August Afzelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Bautista_Topete=Juan Bautista Topete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Willson=Quentin Willson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Leguat=François Leguat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._P._Blackmur=Richard Palmer Blackmur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Demeulemeester=Ann Demeulemeester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Jacob=Gordon Jacob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Lang_(musician)=Don Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranulf_I_of_Aquitaine=Ranulfo I di Poitiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Laughland=John Laughland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Guarini=Anna Guarini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazimierz_Poniatowski=Kazimierz Poniatowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Boustany=Charles Boustany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charidemus=Caridemo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Clark_(actor)=Robert Clark (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bernard_Raczy%C5%84ski=Edward Raczyński
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maddalena_Casulana=Maddalena Casulana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsegaye_Gabre-Medhin=Tsegaye Gabre-Medhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hess=David Hess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Haysbert=Dennis Haysbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Burns=Edward Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gant=Robert Gant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masami_Suzuki=Masami Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Collazo=Oscar Collazo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Adamson=Al Adamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ogilvy_(businessman)=David Ogilvy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Hungerford,_1st_Baron_Hungerford=Walter Hungerford, I barone Hungerford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Friedrich_Grotefend=Georg Friedrich Grotefend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_of_Huntingdon=Enrico di Huntingdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_de_Gubernatis=Angelo De Gubernatis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Denker=Arnold Denker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostromir=Ostromir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Abney_Hastings=Frank Abney Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois-Nicolas-Beno%C3%AEt_Haxo=François-Nicolas-Benoît Haxo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ii_Naomasa=Ii Naomasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_H%C3%BCbner=Robert Hübner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_McCarthy_(author)=Mary McCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_I_Candiano=Pietro I Candiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Padbury=Wendy Padbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Groth=Klaus Groth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Raimund=Ferdinand Raimund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Reuter=Fritz Reuter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilly_Smith=Tilly Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josip_Juraj_Strossmayer=Josip Juraj Strossmayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_II_Candiano=Pietro II Candiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionisius=Dionisij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Nielsen=Connie Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Cartwright=Veronica Cartwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Brodkey=Harold Brodkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_G%C3%BCllich=Wolfgang Güllich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Kelly_(director)=Richard Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Alden_Robinson=Phil Alden Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Rockwell=Sam Rockwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Burtt=Ben Burtt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petr_Ivanovich_Panin=Pëtr Ivanovič Panin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Howard=Richard Howard (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Walpot_von_Bassenheim=Heinrich Walpot von Bassenheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_von_Kerpen=Otto von Kerpen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Gillett=Burt Gillett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufus_Sewell=Rufus Sewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Fanck=Arnold Fanck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B6rg_Breu_the_Elder=Jörg Breu il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clovis_Trouille=Clovis Trouille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_von_Th%C3%BCringen=Corrado di Turingia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Gerron=Kurt Gerron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhard_von_Malberg=Gerhard von Malberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Kramer=Josef Kramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Collinson=James Collinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Millar=Ian Millar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porfirio_Lobo_Sosa=Porfirio Lobo Sosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Syms=Sylvia Syms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attalus_(general)=Attalo (generale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taira_no_Koremori=Taira no Koremori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Nielsen_Hauge=Hans Nielsen Hauge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Cartwright=Angela Cartwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Caron_(ice_hockey)=Alain Caron (hockeista su ghiaccio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Seda=Jon Seda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregg_Berger=Gregg Berger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Jacolliot=Louis Jacolliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taira_no_Munemori=Taira no Munemori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Grazer=Brian Grazer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monique_Mercure=Monique Mercure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Steven_Horvitz=Richard Steven Horvitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lewis_Moore=William Lewis Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yosef_Shalom_Eliashiv=Yosef Shalom Eliashiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanis%C5%82aw_Lubieniecki=Stanisław Lubieniecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makenzie_Vega=Makenzie Vega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Authari=Autari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_of_Austria=Costanza d'Asburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avrohom_Yeshaya_Karelitz=Avraham Yeshayahu Karelitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Jones=Duncan Jones (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erland_Josephson=Erland Josephson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archduke_Ernest_of_Austria=Ernesto d'Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Leo=Melissa Leo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Torres=Liz Torres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Wood_(writer)=Christopher Wood (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Calhoun=Will Calhoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kieron_Dyer=Kieron Dyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramananda=Rāmānanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstanty_Kalinowski=Konstanty Kalinowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_A._Lepage=Guy A. Lepage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B8rgen_Moe=Jørgen Moe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Ostrowski=Frank Ostrowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babak_Payami=Babak Payami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leyla_Gencer=Leyla Gencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Figner=Vera Nikolaevna Figner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvia_Corzo=Silvia Corzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_a_Sancta_Clara=Abraham a Sancta Clara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambert_Massart=Joseph Lambert Massart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Martin_Smith=Charles Martin Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Efim_Geller=Juchym Petrovyč Heller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziad_Fazah=Ziad Fazah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimirs_Petrovs=Vladimirs Petrovs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Nakatani=Miki Nakatani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Chase=David Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Berfield=Justin Berfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_of_Flanders=Giovanna di Fiandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_K%C3%A4utner=Helmut Käutner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Newton=Thomas Newton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeev_Suraski=Zeev Suraski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andi_Gutmans=Andi Gutmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Coleman=Charlotte Coleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etana=Etana (mitologia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_S%C3%BCss=Wilhelm Süss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Wilcox=Larry Wilcox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesare_Pavese=Cesare Pavese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klara_Rumyanova=Klara Michajlovna Rumjanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._V._Skrotskii=George Skrotskii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Aherne=Brian Aherne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gargan=William Gargan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stephenson=James Stephenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Oakie=Jack Oakie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gleason=James Gleason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Travers=Henry Travers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Chekhov=Michail Aleksandrovič Čechov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gomez=Thomas Gomez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TiA=Tia (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Rose=Reginald Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Homolka=Oskar Homolka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_McCarthy_(actor)=Kevin McCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hunnicutt=Arthur Hunnicutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Genn=Leo Genn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Warrick=Ruth Warrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gardner_(composer)=John Gardner (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_de_Lantins=Arnold de Lantins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_de_Lantins=Hugo de Lantins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_S._Curtis=Edward Sheriff Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/False_Dmitry_II=Falso Dimitri II di Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Howitt=Peter Howitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/False_Dmitry_III=Falso Dimitri III di Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_W._Baldwin=Matthias William Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branko_Zorko=Branko Zorko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Vidali=Vittorio Vidali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julio_Antonio_Mella=Julio Antonio Mella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Taylor=Gilbert Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomas_Gustafson=Tomas Gustafson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Totter=Audrey Totter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balu_Mahendra=Balu Mahendra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Reeves=Michael Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Turretin=Francesco Turrettini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Hegarty=Diane Hegarty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Howard=Clint Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werenfried_van_Straaten=Werenfried van Straaten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Creasey=John Creasey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Seibert=Fred Seibert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Kloss=Henry Kloss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jeffries=John Jeffries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evsei_Liberman=Ovsij Hryhorovyč Liberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Mann_(sociologist)=Michael Mann (sociologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Holmes_(astronomer)=Edwin Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Winter=Alex Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Miller=Jimmy Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yehuda_Levi=Yehuda Levi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Randolph,_1st_Earl_of_Moray=Thomas Randolph, I conte di Moray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Willems=Dirk Willems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Matthew_Ward=Edward Matthew Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fitzalan-Howard,_14th_Duke_of_Norfolk=Henry Fitzalan-Howard, XIV duca di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_McTeigue=James McTeigue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Marshall_(entertainer)=Peter Marshall (attore 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Albert_Einstein=Hans Albert Einstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Boss_(fashion_designer)=Hugo Boss (stilista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldo_Salt=Waldo Salt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gisela_Kahn_Gresser=Gisela Gresser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Condon=Bill Condon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gioseffo_Guami=Gioseffo Guami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Bowman=Lee Bowman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luther_Adler=Luther Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_DeHaven=Gloria DeHaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Rodia=Simon Rodia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulia_Grisi=Giulia Grisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Rhind-Tutt=Julian Rhind-Tutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Morgan=Jane Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Duprez=June Duprez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_Ferrari=Dino Ferrari (pittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldine_Fitzgerald=Geraldine Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Beaumont=Hugh Beaumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Ernst_Schirmer=Heinrich Ernst Schirmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Ewell=Tom Ewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Brown=Vanessa Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Froese_Fischer=Charlotte Froese Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Arondeus=Willem Arondéus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Vogeler=Heinrich Vogeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alo%C3%AFse_Corbaz=Aloïse Corbaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Giannini=Vittorio Giannini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Vicentino=Nicola Vicentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Werber=Bernard Werber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Ferguson_(actor)=Colin Ferguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_M%C3%BCller-Brockmann=Josef Müller-Brockmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Treat_Clark=Spencer Treat Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilian_Baylis=Lilian Baylis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uwe-Jens_Mey=Uwe-Jens Mey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Landi=Stefano Landi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meinhard,_Duke_of_Carinthia=Mainardo II di Tirolo-Gorizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meinhard_I,_Count_of_Gorizia-Tyrol=Mainardo I di Tirolo-Gorizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meinhard_III,_Count_of_Gorizia-Tyrol=Mainardo III di Tirolo-Gorizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Butt=Archibald Butt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_M._Newman=Joseph M. Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuaki_Kiriya=Kazuaki Kiriya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_J._Tuttle=William Tuttle (truccatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y%C4%B1lmaz_G%C3%BCney=Yilmaz Güney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Fox=Spencer Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hecataeus_of_Abdera=Ecateo di Abdera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isshin_Chiba=Isshin Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaled_Fadhel=Khaled Fadhel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signe_Hasso=Signe Hasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Froberger=Johann Jakob Froberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edouard_Zeckendorf=Edouard Zeckendorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_of_Canterbury=Adriano di Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurd_Hatfield=Hurd Hatfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanda_Hendrix=Wanda Hendrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Hyland=Diana Hyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kika_Markham=Kika Markham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Lynn=Diana Lynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Marshall=Herbert Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hodgkin_(historian)=Thomas Hodgkin (storico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_Bati=Luca Bati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford_Canning,_1st_Viscount_Stratford_de_Redcliffe=Stratford Canning, I visconte di Stratford de Redcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Di_Angelo=Matt Di Angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Croft=William Croft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Dismas_Zelenka=Jan Dismas Zelenka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarquinio_Merula=Tarquinio Merula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinhard_Keiser=Reinhard Keiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Lechner=Leonhard Lechner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Angeloni=Francesco Angeloni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Scott_(actor)=Andrew Scott (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_de_Boron=Robert de Boron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asprilio_Pacelli=Asprilio Pacelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleonora_Gonzaga_(1598%E2%80%931655)=Eleonora Gonzaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odaenathus=Settimio Odenato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_Walker=Rudolph Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archduchess_Maria_Anna_of_Austria_(1610%E2%80%931665)=Maria Anna d'Asburgo (1610-1665)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_Calvert=Phyllis Calvert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_of_Italy=Ugo di Provenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Legrenzi=Giovanni Legrenzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Gasparini=Francesco Gasparini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janne_Ahonen=Janne Ahonen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bipasha_Basu=Bipasha Basu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urmila_Matondkar=Urmila Matondkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Zamora=Alfonso Zamora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_John_Neuhaus=Richard John Neuhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Girs=Nikolaj Karlovič Girs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Nikolayevich_Muravyov=Michail Nikolaevič Murav'ëv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._S._Sathyu=M. S. Sathyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Jenkins=Allen Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabeur_Trabelsi=Sabeur Trabelsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodrigo_Romero=Rodrigo Romero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B8rgen_Leth=Jørgen Leth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Michael_Glaser=Paul Michael Glaser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carla_Del_Ponte=Carla Del Ponte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olaf_Zinke=Olaf Zinke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corin_Redgrave=Corin Redgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Japart=Jean Japart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Nocard=Edmond Nocard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Pieter_Schotte=Jan Pieter Schotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodney_Rowland=Rodney Rowland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Klug=Chris Klug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_Charef=Omar Charef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Jackson_Freeman_II=Walter Jackson Freeman II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Riley=Andy Riley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Pennington=Michael Pennington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaetano_Greco=Gaetano Greco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Corsi=Jacopo Corsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herschel_Daugherty=Herschel Daugherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottavio_Rinuccini=Ottavio Rinuccini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Bishop=Bridget Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Portela_Valladares=Manuel Portela Valladares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maddie_Blaustein=Maddie Blaustein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caffarelli_(castrato)=Caffarelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wood_(English_actor)=John Wood (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odoardo_Farnese_(cardinal)=Odoardo Farnese (cardinale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Peniche=Arturo Peniche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsu_Shiratori=Tetsu Shiratori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sami_Tajeddine=Sami Tajeddine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Linn-Baker=Mark Linn-Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouabid_Bouden=Bouabid Bouden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azzeddine_Ourahou=Azzeddine Ourahou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lindsey=George Lindsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantoo_Cardinal=Tantoo Cardinal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becky_Wahlstrom=Becky Wahlstrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egon_Orowan=Egon Orován
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Zerby=Karen Zerby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandros_Papadiamantis=Alexandros Papadiamantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Giacomo_Gastoldi=Giovanni Giacomo Gastoldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerzy_Mniszech=Jerzy Mniszech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hillerman=John Hillerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_M._Fagan=Brian Fagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercurino_Gattinara=Mercurino Arborio di Gattinara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manoel_de_Oliveira=Manoel de Oliveira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Jo_Johnson=Amy Jo Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Tallchief=Maria Tallchief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Schiff=Jacob Henry Schiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_van_der_Aa=Pieter van der Aa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel_Osei=Emmanuel Osei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mensah=John Mensah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Blackwell=Richard Blackwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent_Smith=Kent Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Lynn=Jeffrey Lynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Konrad_Morgen=Georg Konrad Morgen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolus_de_Saxoferrato=Bartolo da Sassoferrato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_O'Connor_(actress)=Una O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gale_Page=Gale Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler_Kent=Tyler Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Celeste=Virginia Galilei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Raines=Ella Raines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Laynez=Diego Laínez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estelle_Winwood=Estelle Winwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Park_(actress)=Grace Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_Wolf=Hieronymus Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Askew=Anne Askew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._W._R._D._Bandaranaike=Solomon Bandaranaike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Mantell=Joe Mantell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_O'Connell=Arthur O'Connell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chill_Wills=Chill Wills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Kruschen=Jack Kruschen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Tracy=Lee Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Dunn_(actor)=Michael Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Finlay=Frank Finlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Blyth=Ann Blyth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabrizio_Meoni=Fabrizio Meoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Delsarte=Jean Delsarte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Gulyayev=Nikolaj Guljaev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janette_Scott=Janette Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Bender=Hans Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teri_Polo=Teri Polo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Pearce_(director)=Richard Pearce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Flickenschildt=Elisabeth Flickenschildt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashid_Nezhmetdinov=Rašid Nežmetdinov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Forsyth_(horticulturist)=William Forsyth (botanico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Eberhard_Rumphius=Georg Eberhard Rumphius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bret=David Bret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Strozzi=Bernardo Strozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Davidson=Amy Davidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhonda_Fleming=Rhonda Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Eaton=Shirley Eaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Schenkel=George Daniel Schenkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberico_Gentili=Alberico Gentili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Heckel=Erich Heckel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Malkov=Igor' Malkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Gerstein=Kurt Gerstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scipione_Gentili=Scipione Gentili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_French=Victor French
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Michael_Randel=Don Michael Randel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebekah_Brooks=Rebekah Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Gamba=Marina Gamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Crosse=Rupert Crosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Cassel=Seymour Cassel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Bomberg=Daniel Bomberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_S._Castellano=Richard S. Castellano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Frey=Leonard Frey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Marley=John Marley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Gilford=Jack Gilford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Gardenia=Vincent Gardenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Henry=Justin Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Young=Burt Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Stoecker=Adolf Stoecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Caspar_Kerll=Johann Kaspar Kerll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Edmond_Duranty=Louis Edmond Duranty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Beavan=Sean Beavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Drake=Tom Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Randolph,_3rd_Earl_of_Moray=John Randolph, III conte di Moray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Yuhua=Xu Yuhua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Carles=Pierre Carles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Hines=Jerome Hines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Joseph_Drexel=Anthony Joseph Drexel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Cornelisz_Vermeyen=Jan Cornelisz Vermeyen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Lauriston_Livermore=Jesse Livermore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Hiller=Ferdinand Hiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maeda_Toshimasa=Maeda Toshimasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Talbot,_1st_Earl_of_Tyrconnell=Richard Talbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Rochefort=Jean Rochefort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsudaira_Hirotada=Matsudaira Hirotada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maribel_Verd%C3%BA=Maribel Verdú
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Jenatzy=Camille Jenatzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Alwyn=William Alwyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Chartier=Alain Chartier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Martinet=Charles Martinet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Most=Johnny Most
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Lerner_(actor)=Michael Lerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Lambin=Denis Lambin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Caesar=Adolph Caesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sextus_Pompeius_Festus=Sesto Pompeo Festo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hickey_(actor)=William Hickey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Nikolaus_von_Nissen=Georg Nikolaus Nissen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Smith_(lexicographer)=William Smith (lessicografo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Joseph=Helen Joseph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Mariani_(chemist)=Angelo Mariani (chimico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legh_Richmond=Legh Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_VI,_Duke_of_Bavaria=Alberto VI di Baviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Zipoli=Domenico Zipoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Buckland=Raymond Buckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilia_Lanier=Emilia Lanier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Sa-rang_(actress)=Kim Sa-rang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mih%C3%A1ly_Munk%C3%A1csy=Mihály Munkácsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karyn_Kusama=Karyn Kusama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitzi_Gaynor=Mitzi Gaynor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Lubomirska=Julia Lubomirska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_McGregor=Chris McGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jezebel=Gezabele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongezi_Feza=Mongezi Feza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Orchard=John Orchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brent_Musburger=Brent Musburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingund=Ingonda (regina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Hughes=Francis Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aregund=Aregonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duarte_Barbosa=Duarte Barbosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Elcar=Dana Elcar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Polycarpou=Peter Polycarpou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Hurst=Lillian Hurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_Karp=Sophia Karp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_B%C3%A9dier=Joseph Bédier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Sammartini=Giovanni Battista Sammartini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxime_Rodinson=Maxime Rodinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giammateo_Asola=Giovanni Matteo Asola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Haskil=Clara Haskil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syrianus=Siriano (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Syme=James Syme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Mogulesko=Sigmund Mogulesko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne_Pivert_de_Senancour=Étienne Pivert de Senancour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Ludvig_Heiberg_(poet)=Johan Ludvig Heiberg (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomasine_Christine_Gyllembourg-Ehrensv%C3%A4rd=Thomasine Gyllembourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Civiale=Jean Civiale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cockfield,_Baron_Cockfield=Arthur Cockfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Simone_Assemani=Giuseppe Simone Assemani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Luigi_Assemani=Giuseppe Luigi Assemani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Assemani=Simone Assemani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Evodio_Assemani=Stefano Evodio Assemani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Sweet=Gary Sweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Gunter=Edmund Gunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Shimizu=Ai Shimizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Lombardo=Tony Lombardo (musicista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Kyrklund=Willy Kyrklund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Guggenheim=Davis Guggenheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Gardiner=Alan Gardiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Stanley,_4th_Earl_of_Derby=Henry Stanley, IV conte di Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_de_la_Cueva,_1st_Marquis_of_Bedmar=Alfonso de la Cueva-Benavides y Mendoza-Carrillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Helsingius=Johan Helsingius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Brugmans=Hendrik Brugmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Salvi_da_Sassoferrato=Sassoferrato (pittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herv%C3%A9_Bazin=Hervé Bazin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_H._Young=Hugh Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Jones_(rugby_union)=Eddie Jones (allenatore di rugby)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lamoureux=Charles Lamoureux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Landen=John Landen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherry_Miller=Sherry Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Park=Ray Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Cohen=Nick Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Penn=Chris Penn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Burkert=Rudolf Burkert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Turner=Eva Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo'Nique=Mo'Nique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Fago=Nicola Fago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Provenzale=Francesco Provenzale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bates_(actor)=Michael Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauro_Cavazos=Lauro Cavazos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Watanabe=Noriko Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nino_D'Angelo=Nino D'Angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiffany_Limos=Tiffany Limos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Toda=Keiko Toda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Nestroy=Johann Nestroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phan_B%E1%BB%99i_Ch%C3%A2u=Phan Bội Châu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Costin=Frank Costin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Dimmick_Harrison=Mary Scott Lord Dimmick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabijan_Abrantovich=Fabijan Abrantovič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panna_Cinka=Panna Czinka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_David_Moore=Joel David Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriana_Iliescu=Adriana Iliescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuya_Takahashi=Tetsuya Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikita_Trubetskoy=Nikita Jur'evič Trubeckoj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Ropartz=Guy Ropartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_Batinkoff=Randall Batinkoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Meslier=Jean Meslier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sokher_Goldstein=Sokher Goldstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Kjeldahl=Johan Kjeldahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Charvet=David Charvet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Sandow=Eugen Sandow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evgraf_Fedorov=Evgraf Stepanovič Fëdorov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Antonio_Solari=Pietro Antonio Solari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruggiero_Giovannelli=Ruggero Giovannelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloisio_da_Milano=Aloisio da Carcano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rezanov=Nikolaj Petrovič Rezanov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Dowd=Jeff Dowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Lateiner=Joseph Lateiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_von_Glasersfeld=Ernst von Glasersfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Neal=Edwin Neal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Kenwith=Herbert Kenwith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Taylor-Johnson=Sam Taylor-Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilyan_Tashman=Lilyan Tashman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Lampo=Hubert Lampo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Glinski=Michail Glinskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trudi_Canavan=Trudi Canavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Holt=Benjamin Holt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Brown_(actor)=Barry Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merritt_Butrick=Merritt Butrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Bakri=Abu ʿUbayd al-Bakri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Todd=Ann Todd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Mitchell_(comedian)=David Mitchell (comico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Bischof=Werner Bischof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_T._Sanderson=Ivan T. Sanderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Righetti=Amanda Righetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_A._Partain=Paul A. Partain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Grimshaw=Nicholas Grimshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Mikhailovich_Gordin=Jacob Gordin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Follows=Megan Follows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Daninos=Pierre Daninos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Siedow=Jim Siedow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_Ghinazzi=Pupo (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ota_Benga=Ota Benga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemp_Malone=Kemp Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Meddings=Derek Meddings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Maurois=André Maurois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Brown_(actress)=Pamela Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Bauhin=Johann Bauhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerrit_Smith_Miller=Gerrit Smith Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Ferro=Pablo Ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kusunoki_Masashige=Kusunoki Masashige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iyari_Limon=Iyari Limon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasmin_St._Claire=Jasmin St. Claire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Masherov=Pëtr Mironovič Mašerov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lamont=Peter Lamont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I._L._Peretz=Isacco Leyb Peretz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Vrubel=Michail Aleksandrovič Vrubel'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artur_Potocki=Artur Stanisław Potocki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon_Lee=Vernon Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boiorix=Boiorix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Hugo_Bendix=Vincent Hugo Bendix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dugald_Clerk=Dugald Clerk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maila_Nurmi=Maila Nurmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldine_James=Geraldine James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois-Beno%C3%AEt_Hoffman=François Benoît Hoffmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Marr=Nikolaj Jakovlevič Marr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladislav_Illich-Svitych=Vladislav Illič-Svityč
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Keppel,_7th_Earl_of_Albemarle=William Keppel, VII conte di Albemarle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayoshi_Son=Masayoshi Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sancho_II_of_Pamplona=Sancho II Garcés di Navarra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_von_Unruh=Fritz von Unruh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_O._Sauer=Carl Sauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gao_Gang=Gao Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Lins=Ivan Lins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_K._Glassman=James K. Glassman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simin_Behbahani=Simin Behbahani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Gascoyne=Mike Gascoyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Catto=Jamie Catto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Deutrom=Mark Deutrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Rafael_Donner=Georg Raphael Donner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charley_Grapewin=Charley Grapewin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Zion_Gumede=Josiah Zion Gumede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_E._Steinway=Heinrich Steinweg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dina_(musician)=Dina (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Duveen,_1st_Baron_Duveen=Joseph Duveen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikos_Zachariadis=Nikos Zachariadīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Menke=Sally Menke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leyla_Zana=Leyla Zana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Eriksson=Kenneth Eriksson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Playfair=William Playfair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrien_Auzout=Adrien Auzout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Christen_Asbj%C3%B8rnsen=Peter Christen Asbjørnsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Rinck=Henri Rinck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Sweeney=Sylvia Sweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_McLeod_Bethune=Mary McLeod Bethune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulda_Garborg=Hulda Garborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_David_Heinichen=Johann David Heinichen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Campbell_Gault=William C. Gault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Holt=Joseph Holt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Lemonnier=Pierre Lemonnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abba_Kovner=Abba Kovner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuya_Nakai=Kazuya Nakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Belli=Giulio Belli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Gottmann=Jean Gottmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Servilius_Glaucia=Gaio Servilio Glaucia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Walters=Henry Walters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wiley=William Wiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ina_Balin=Ina Balin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Hartley=Justin Hartley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battista_Farina=Battista Farina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_DeLonge=Tom DeLonge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Ch%C3%A1vez=Jorge Chávez Dartnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Martucci=Giuseppe Martucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_T._Weiss=Michael T. Weiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Wolff=Frederick Wolff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon_S._Ives=Gideon S. Ives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florencio_Campomanes=Florencio Campomanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Rueb=Alexander Rueb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folke_Rogard=Folke Rogard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_and_Gleb=Boris e Gleb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuko_Fueki=Yūko Fueki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chram=Cramno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Chaplin=Sydney Chaplin (attore 1885)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denyce_Graves=Denyce Graves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Levine_(game_developer)=Ken Levine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wouter_van_Twiller=Wouter van Twiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiji_Inafune=Keiji Inafune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shebitku=Shebitqo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A1s_Schiff=András Schiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Jermaine_Heredia=Wilson Jermaine Heredia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Russell,_Duchess_of_Bedford=Anne Stanhope, duchessa di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_von_Uexkull=Carl Wolmar Jakob von Uexküll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Stanhope,_3rd_Earl_of_Harrington=Charles Stanhope, III conte di Harrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin_Robespierre=Augustin de Robespierre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Georges-Picot=François Georges-Picot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_P._Patterson=Robert Porter Patterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjoe_Gortner=Marjoe Gortner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Walter_Stahlecker=Franz Walter Stahlecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Ponge=Francis Ponge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Keenlyside=Simon Keenlyside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksei_Balandin=Aleksej Aleksandrovič Balandin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Hodge=Patricia Hodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Pomortsev=Mikhail Pomortsev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setsuko_Hara=Setsuko Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cicely_Courtneidge=Cicely Courtneidge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Newbery=Jorge Newbery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bonomi_the_Elder=Joseph Bonomi il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstanty_Adam_Czartoryski=Konstanty Adam Czartoryski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Nowak-Jeziora%C5%84ski=Jan Nowak-Jeziorański
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Rowbotham=Sheila Rowbotham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrej_Hlinka=Andrej Hlinka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W%C5%82adys%C5%82aw_Czartoryski=Władysław Czartoryski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_F._Brannan=Charles F. Brannan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estienne_de_La_Roche=Estienne de La Roche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Kelly_(artist)=Ken Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Indus=Giulio Indo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._C._Bailey=H. C. Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Casson=Lewis Casson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dora_Bryan=Dora Bryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battling_Siki=Battling Siki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_Holliday=Polly Holliday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_II_of_Burgundy=Rodolfo II di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_III_of_Burgundy=Rodolfo III di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Kidd=Brian Kidd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_Marie=Constance Marie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Fraser=Brad Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Golding=Bruce Golding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anlaug_Amanda_Djupvik=Anlaug Amanda Djupvik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Grenon=Nicolas Grenon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Rosedale=Philip Rosedale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Schock=Rudolf Schock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niceto_Alcal%C3%A1-Zamora=Niceto Alcalá-Zamora y Torres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Claude_Richard=Louis Claude Marie Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nell_Shipman=Nell Shipman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren_Osugi=Ren Ōsugi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Hachette=Jeanne Hachette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_G%C3%BCtzlaff=Karl Gützlaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Meadows=Audrey Meadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ion_of_Chios=Ione di Chio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Landon=Margaret Landon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Zinelli=Carlo Zinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yosa_Buson=Yosa Buson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvette_Mimieux=Yvette Mimieux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoelun=Hoelun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsuo_Asami=Atsuo Asami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parveen_Babi=Parveen Babi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Vilar=Esther Vilar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machiko_Ky%C5%8D=Machiko Kyō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Wellesley,_5th_Duke_of_Wellington=Arthur Wellesley, V duca di Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cruger=John Cruger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daphne_Rubin-Vega=Daphne Rubin-Vega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaoru_Wada=Kaoru Wada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Guber=Peter Guber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tech_N9ne=Tech N9ne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_J._Spykman=Nicholas John Spykman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Kjell%C3%A9n=Rudolf Kjellen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juste-Aur%C3%A8le_Meissonnier=Juste-Aurèle Meissonnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melanthius=Melanzio di Sicione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Hervey=Jason Hervey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Toradze=Alexander Toradze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_de_Mena=Pedro de Mena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Janeway=Elizabeth Janeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Brandeker=Alexis Brandeker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Zhukovsky=Vasilij Andreevič Žukovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Bout=Viktor Bout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_d'Aulnoy=Marie-Catherine d'Aulnoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprague_Grayden=Sprague Grayden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Parker=Al Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Brassart=Johannes Brassart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Melville=Jean-Pierre Melville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Kozlowski=Linda Kozlowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Fly=William Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelis_de_Witt=Cornelis de Witt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Gundert=Hermann Gundert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christian_Reil=Johann Christian Reil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Conway_(actor)=Kevin Conway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Ormond=Julia Ormond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sven_Lidman_(writer)=Sven Lidman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristarchus_of_Tegea=Aristarco di Tegea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Ludwig=Emil Ludwig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Roberts_(athlete)=William Roberts (atleta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Gura=Eugen Gura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin_Royer=Augustin Royer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Brand,_1st_Viscount_Hampden=Henry Brand, I visconte Hampden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Charles_della_Faille=Jean-Charles della Faille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Tacquet=André Tacquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Bartsch=Jakob Bartsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joris_Hoefnagel=Joris Hoefnagel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_von_Hutten=Philipp von Hutten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Louise_Berneri=Marie Louise Berneri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cennino_Cennini=Cennino Cennini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrik_Gabriel_Porthan=Henrik Gabriel Portham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_von_F%C3%BCrstenberg=Diane von Fürstenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Jenkins=Henry Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Beyer=Adam Beyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drog%C3%B6n_Ch%C3%B6gyal_Phagpa=Drogön Chögyal Phagpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrej_Preston=Andrej Preston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C%C3%A2ndido_Rondon=Cândido Rondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Fleming=Erin Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Zetkin=Clara Zetkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montagu_Corry,_1st_Baron_Rowton=Montagu Lowry-Corry, I barone Rowton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Nasi=Giuseppe Nasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Wiazemsky=Anne Wiazemsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Hershey=Frank Hershey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urmas_Sisask=Urmas Sisask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olga_Ben%C3%A1rio_Prestes=Olga Benario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_McGillion=Paul McGillion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masanobu_Ando=Masanobu Andō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Dolgorukova=Marija Vladimirovna Dolgorukova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottomar_Ansch%C3%BCtz=Ottomar Anschütz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne-Jules_Marey=Étienne-Jules Marey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_Goodwin=Hannibal Goodwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Kraft=Robert K. Kraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacy_Kamano=Stacy Kamano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Pasley=Charles Pasley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Green_(actor)=Joseph Green (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eochu_Feidlech=Eochaid Feidlech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dietrich_von_Altenburg=Dietrich von Altenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartley_Campbell=Bartley Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Garnett=David Garnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Wilkins=George Hubert Wilkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanius=Stephen Hansen Stephanius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Tierney=Lawrence Tierney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiern_Pedersen=Christiern Pedersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandi_Burruss=Kandi Burruss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllida_Law=Phyllida Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hope_(actor)=William Hope (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_II_of_Bulgaria=Ivan II di Bulgaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Ludwig_Hartig=Georg Ludwig Hartig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Guiraud=Ernest Guiraud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menkheperre=Menkheperra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cygan=John Cygan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvatore_Burruni=Salvatore Burruni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cramer_(priest)=John Antony Cramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Arcari_(boxer)=Bruno Arcari (pugile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hortense_Mancini=Ortensia Mancini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Neval=Bridget Neval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Palant=Amy Palant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Graham=Bruce Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nell_Rankin=Nell Rankin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyvush_Finkel=Fyvush Finkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Schafer=Ed Schafer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype_Williams=Hype Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Philipp_Fallmerayer=Jakob Philipp Fallmerayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Wolf=Piccolo Lupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Augustin_Lauste=Eugène Augustin Lauste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Lur%C3%A7at=Jean Lurçat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Young-ae=Lee Young-ae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Faidutti=Bruno Faidutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Bronhill=June Bronhill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egon_Friedell=Egon Friedell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Howard,_13th_Duke_of_Norfolk=Henry Howard, XIII duca di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Ricks=Christopher Ricks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Henry_(poet)=James Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Martin_Coggi=Juan Martín Coggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Daniels=Phil Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Furse=Elizabeth Furse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ursula_Haubner=Ursula Haubner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lajos_Portisch=Lajos Portisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Wittgenstein=Peter Wittgenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Nicolai=Elena Nicolai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy,_8th_Earl_of_Northumberland=Henry Percy, VIII conte di Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalina_Sandino_Moreno=Catalina Sandino Moreno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Outram=Benjamin Outram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Okonedo=Sophie Okonedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Madsen=Virginia Madsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Albin=Adolf Albin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naor_Gilon=Naor Gilon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Rasche=David Rasche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takelot_II=Takelot II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deeyah_Khan=Deeyah Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josune_Bereziartu=Josune Bereziartu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainkho_Namtchylak=Sajncho Namčylak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ljubi%C5%A1a_Samard%C5%BEi%C4%87=Ljubiša Samardžić
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandro_Lopopolo=Sandro Lopopolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_Ferretti=Alberta Ferretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Naylor=Gloria Naylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_Frye=Dwight Frye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Howard,_7th_Duke_of_Norfolk=Henry Howard, VII duca di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmelo_Bossi=Carmelo Bossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Pisano=Bernardo Pisano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fastolf=John Fastolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Kruskal=Joseph Kruskal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariano_Pic%C3%B3n_Salas=Mariano Picón Salas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Freeman_(actor)=Paul Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Xuan=Zhou Xuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Forster=Marc Forster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiorenza_Cossotto=Fiorenza Cossotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_L._Rand=Austin Loomer Rand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markos_Kyprianou=Markos Kyprianou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tubal-cain=Tubal-cain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Groddeck=Georg Groddeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Katkov=Michail Nikiforovič Katkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beth_Howland=Beth Howland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Roberts=Emma Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duilio_Loi=Duilio Loi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Hanke=Karl Hanke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Logan_(writer)=John Logan (sceneggiatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodectes=Teodette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aphareus_(writer)=Afareo (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenocles=Senocle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcinus_(writer)=Carcino di Agrigento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaeremon_of_Alexandria=Cheremone di Alessandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beno%C3%AEt-Constant_Coquelin=Benoît-Constant Coquelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Alexandre_Honor%C3%A9_Coquelin=Ernest Alexandre Honoré Coquelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_L._Hale=Kenneth Hale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Messager=André Messager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eug%C3%A8ne_Manuel=Eugène Manuel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Capus=Alfred Capus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Donnay=Maurice Donnay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Stuart_(photographer)=Roy Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Yazid=Abu Yazid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Storey=Bobby Storey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Indrisano=Johnny Indrisano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F%C3%A9licien_Marceau=Félicien Marceau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devlet_I_Giray=Devlet I Giray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fakir_Musafar=Fakir Musafar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leah_Manning=Leah Manning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_Friedrich_Link=Johann Heinrich Friedrich Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Clarke=Steve Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Blankley=Anthony Blankley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Burrell=William Burrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_d'Allonville=Jacques Eugène d'Allonville de Louville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lock_Eastlake=Charles Lock Eastlake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berenice_(Seleucid_queen)=Berenice (regina seleucide)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiberio_Mitri=Tiberio Mitri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Brevoort_Zabriskie=Christian Brevoort Zabriskie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Hall_(programmer)=Jon Hall (informatico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Oliver=Daniel Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_Schiffers=Emanuel Schiffers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_da_Carpi=Girolamo da Carpi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Pucheran=Jacques Pucheran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mason_(chess_player)=James Mason (scacchista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viveca_Paulin=Viveca Paulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Monday=Kenny Monday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Pi%C3%ABch=Ferdinand Piëch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitch_Schauer=Mitch Schauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Spanjers=Martin Spanjers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Habermann=Eva Habermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theudebert_II=Teodeberto II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theuderic_II=Teodorico II (Merovingi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Olds=Sharon Olds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagobert_III=Dagoberto III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_McGovern_(boxer)=Terry McGovern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Brachetti=Arturo Brachetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudy_Ray_Moore=Rudy Ray Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_%C3%89tienne_Sainte-Claire_Deville=Henri Sainte-Claire Deville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Peter_J%C3%B8rgen_Julius_Thomsen=Julius Thomsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_V,_Count_of_Armagnac=Giovanni V d'Armagnac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Chikhachyov=Pëtr Aleksandrovič Čichačëv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bai_Qi=Bai Qi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tissot=James Tissot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eastman_(actor)=George Eastman (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Berryman=Michael Berryman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Gregory_(musician)=Dave Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_H%C3%A5rleman=Carl Hårleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuriy_Borzakovskiy=Jurij Borzakovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyula_Andr%C3%A1ssy_the_Younger=Gyula Andrássy il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamshi-Adad_I=Shamshi-Adad I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Meister=Joseph Meister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isser_Harel=Isser Harel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Marchand=Louis Marchand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Balaban=Bob Balaban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_%22Frogman%22_Henry=Clarence "Frogman" Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Averbakh=Jurij Averbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Henry_Dawson=Martin Henry Dawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Jackson_(manager)=Joe Jackson (manager)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andries_Both=Andries Both
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crist%C3%B3bal_de_Olid=Cristóbal de Olid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boileau-Narcejac=Boileau-Narcejac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfreda_Benge=Alfreda Benge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Clark=Steve Clark (chitarrista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Casey_(jazz_guitarist)=Al Casey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Siret=Nicolas Siret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Natterer=August Natterer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitty_Schram=Bitty Schram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piera_Coppola=Piera Coppola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaichi_Kaneda=Masaichi Kaneda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Bouvier_Beale=Edith Bouvier Beale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pannonica_de_Koenigswarter=Pannonica de Koenigswarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uwe_Boll=Uwe Boll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_von_Langenbeck=Bernhard von Langenbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Bureus=Johannes Bureus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_del_Cossa=Francesco del Cossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Talley=Jill Talley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Maitland_Balfour=James Maitland Balfour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Carre%C3%B1o=Teresa Carreño
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Byers=Nina Byers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Roberts=Isaac Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salawat_Yulayev=Salavat Julaev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_of_Herzfeld=Ida di Herzfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeneas_Silvius=Enea Silvio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Cocks=Jay Cocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Glazer=Jonathan Glazer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Hechter=Daniel Hechter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel_Lewis=Emmanuel Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Won_Bin=Won Bin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_II,_Margrave_of_Baden=Ermanno II di Baden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Muller=Sophie Muller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Rabin_(violinist)=Michael Rabin (violinista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Schwab=Klaus Schwab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ra'ad_bin_Zeid=Ra'ad bin Zeid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Goodrich=Frances Goodrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Hackett=Albert Hackett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Dac=Pierre Dac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Batlle_y_Grau=Lorenzo Batlle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Mizuno=Miki Mizuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Oldham_Kelsey=Frances Oldham Kelsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_C._Oden=Thomas C. Oden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Philipp_Harsdorffer=Georg Philipp Harsdörffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Jenner=Henry Jenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_Kurkov=Andrej Kurkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Hackford=Taylor Hackford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Bardac=Emma Bardac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hernando_Franco=Hernando Franco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighting_Harada=Fighting Harada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_of_Lausanne=Enrico di Losanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Buchanan=Larry Buchanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_%C3%85kerlund=Jonas Åkerlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Hyde-White=Wilfrid Hyde-White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Moe=Doug Moe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgios_Zoitakis=Geōrgios Zōitakīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flaithbertach_mac_Loingsig=Flaithbertach mac Loingsig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenifer_Lewis=Jenifer Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauro_Cristofani=Mauro Cristofani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Rix=Helmut Rix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Douglas-Hamilton,_14th_Duke_of_Hamilton=Douglas Douglas-Hamilton, XIV duca di Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Penn=Arthur Penn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Gigault=Nicolas Gigault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Abbe=James Edward Abbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Hauerwas=Stanley Hauerwas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Alinari=Vittorio Alinari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Percy_(Gunpowder_Plot)=Thomas Percy (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misia=Misia (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kunkel_Small=John Kunkel Small
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophan_Prokopovich=Feofan Prokopovič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Nyiramasuhuko=Pauline Nyiramasuhuko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulo_Muwanga=Paulo Muwanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Schl%C3%A4fli=Ludwig Schläfli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Keogh=Alfred Keogh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Racquet=Charles Racquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Roberts_(mystery_novel_writer)=Les Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Fisher=Terence Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Seweryn=Andrzej Seweryn (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rory_Byrne=Rory Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackenzie_Astin=Mackenzie Astin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Adolph_Kenngott=Gustav Adolph Kenngott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Foley=Scott Foley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Guidiccioni=Giovanni Guidiccioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Dunne=Robin Dunne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Bilderback=Nicole Bilderback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Borg=Marcus Borg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Maclay,_1st_Viscount_Muirshiel=John Maclay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekkehard_of_Aura=Eccheardo d'Aura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Friedrich_von_Schack=Adolf Friedrich von Schack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_McLaren=Bill McLaren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Meissner=Georg Meissner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesius_Nasica=Cesio Nasica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Benzelius_the_Elder=Erik Benzelius il vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Gaertner=Joseph Gaertner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cicely_Hamilton=Cicely Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Anderson_(actor)=John Anderson (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belinda_Metz=Belinda Metz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_William_Hunt=Alfred William Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Forster=Albert Forster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myson_of_Chenae=Misone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Guillaumin=Jean-Baptiste Guillaumin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_Sclopis=Federigo Sclopis di Salerano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Jongkind=Johan Barthold Jongkind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percival_Molson=Percival Molson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farah_Khan=Farah Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diades_of_Pella=Diade (inventore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_de_Monfreid=Henry de Monfreid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume-Gabriel_Nivers=Guillaume-Gabriel Nivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Arnaut_de_Zwolle=Henri Arnault de Zwolle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B%C3%A9la_Tarr=Béla Tarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyen=Toyen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Herbert,_1st_Earl_of_Torrington=Arthur Herbert, I conte di Torrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Sprague_Sargent=Charles Sprague Sargent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Scrope=Adrian Scrope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lafferty=James Lafferty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burton_J._Hendrick=Burton Jesse Hendrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edie_Adams=Edie Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Magdalena_Bach=Anna Magdalena Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Grant_(author)=Michael Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Schlumberger=Jean Schlumberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Goelz=Dave Goelz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Tamayo_y_Baus=Manuel Tamayo y Baus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siobhan_Fallon_Hogan=Siobhan Fallon Hogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Zito=Chuck Zito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soledad_Alvear=Soledad Alvear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derwent_Coleridge=Derwent Coleridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Johnstone=Keith Johnstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Davitt=Michael Davitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violette_Leduc=Violette Leduc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niles_Eldredge=Niles Eldredge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Baer=Robert Baer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svetozar_Gligori%C4%87=Svetozar Gligorić
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Hartstein=Gary Hartstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Kerry=Margaret Kerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_H._Gilmore=Peter H. Gilmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chieko_Honda=Chieko Honda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_of_Gloucester_(historian)=Roberto di Gloucester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Alexandre_de_Bonneval=Claude Alexandre de Bonneval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margherita_Carosio=Margherita Carosio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Bordone=Paris Bordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrus_Borel=Petrus Borel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Nomura=Kenji Nomura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Kaneda=Tomoko Kaneda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miwa_Matsumoto=Miwa Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Kaine=Tim Kaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Babington=Anthony Babington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Muchnick=Sam Muchnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Beyer=Don Beyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Polson=John Polson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauricio_Pellegrino=Mauricio Pellegrino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Vosloo=Arnold Vosloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Fahn=Melissa Fahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_Zahur_Khayyam=Mohammed Zahur Khayyam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Pease_(railway_pioneer)=Edward Pease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Vernon=John Vernon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_de_Bury=Bernard de Bury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moussa_Ag_Amastan=Musa ag Amastan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achille_Starace=Achille Starace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alister_McGrath=Alister McGrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vas_Blackwood=Vas Blackwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Donn_de_Burgh,_3rd_Earl_of_Ulster=William Donn de Burgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Harwood=Ronald Harwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anke_Engelke=Anke Engelke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Guido_Grandi=Luigi Guido Grandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeet_Ulrich=Skeet Ulrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_MacMillan=James MacMillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_C._Parker=Arthur Caswell Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achille_Dev%C3%A9ria=Achille Devéria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Roden=Lois Roden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiwara_no_Fuhito=Fujiwara no Fuhito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogumil_Dawison=Bogumił Dawison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Placido=Michele Placido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Villeret=Jacques Villeret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floris_II,_Count_of_Holland=Fiorenzo II d'Olanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Church_Terrell=Mary Church Terrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Pethick-Lawrence,_1st_Baron_Pethick-Lawrence=Frederick Pethick-Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambert_Wilson=Lambert Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Tyrrell=Ken Tyrrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_A._Cremin=Lawrence A. Cremin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Jolas=Eugene Jolas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Materassi=Emilio Materassi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandr_Gerasimov_(painter)=Aleksandr Gerasimov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_II_Eugene,_Duke_of_W%C3%BCrttemberg=Federico II Eugenio di Württemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Alexander,_Duke_of_W%C3%BCrttemberg=Carlo I Alessandro di Württemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilli_Palmer=Lilli Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Louis,_Duke_of_W%C3%BCrttemberg=Guglielmo Ludovico di Württemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eberhard_III,_Duke_of_W%C3%BCrttemberg=Eberardo III di Württemberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnacona=Capo Donnacona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niclas_Jensen=Niclas Jensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_B._Smith=Wallace B. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Pei=Mario Pei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascal_Yoadimnadji=Pascal Yoadimnadji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Cara_Deloria=Ella Cara Deloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Lohman=Alison Lohman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Wallace_Smith=William Wallace Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berengar_I_of_Italy=Berengario del Friuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Herman=Pete Herman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lar_Park_Lincoln=Lar Park-Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverley_Mitchell=Beverley Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roque_Dalton=Roque Dalton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Chausson=Jacques Chausson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Cox=Nathan Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendan_Gleeson=Brendan Gleeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II,_Elector_Palatine=Carlo I Luigi del Palatinato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Walker_(actor)=Robert Walker (attore 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Kay_Place=Mary Kay Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I_Louis,_Elector_Palatine=Carlo I Luigi del Palatinato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagui=Nagui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olindo_Guerrini=Olindo Guerrini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Olson=Nancy Olson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Clark=Fred Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_Talmadge=Constance Talmadge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Madeleine_Guimard=Marie-Madeleine Guimard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_de_Guignes=Joseph de Guignes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Blundell=Denis Blundell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Babiuch=Edward Babiuch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facundo_Bacardi=Facundo Bacardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diarmait_mac_Cerbaill=Diarmait mac Cerbaill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Pickett=Philip Pickett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Cole=Henry Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Q._Nilsson=Anna Q. Nilsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Hegius_von_Heek=Alessandro Hegio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Kupeck%C3%BD=Jan Kupecký
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donatas_Banionis=Donatas Banionis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bateman=James Bateman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wright_(privateer)=William Wright (corsaro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sedefkar_Mehmed_Agha=Sedefkar Mehmed Agha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Boen=Earl Boen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Ambers=Lou Ambers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Silberbauer=Karl Silberbauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hawkins=Richard Hawkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Barrow=Ed Barrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Mar%C3%ADa_Heredia_y_Heredia=José María Heredia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Dunglas_Home=Daniel Dunglas Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Howard,_Countess_of_Carlisle=Rosalind Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hecato_of_Rhodes=Ecatone di Rodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Ortiz_Berrocal=Miguel Berrocal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Thiselton=Anthony C. Thiselton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Levant=Brian Levant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoyt_Curtin=Hoyt Curtin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Fuster=Joan Fuster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hermann_von_Katte=Hans Hermann von Katte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Boston=Ralph Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_McClure=Robert McClure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masashi_Tanaka=Masashi Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Skossyreff=Boris Skossyreff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Weaver=Fritz Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Matthys=Jan Matthys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_von_Waldeck=Francesco di Waldeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinnes_(Ardiaean)=Pinne d'Illiria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Rodber=Tim Rodber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Smet=Laura Smet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Larivey=Pierre de Larivey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Casa=David Casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellanicus_of_Mytilene=Ellanico di Lesbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_d'Houdetot=Sophie d'Houdetot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Jacob_von_Haynau=Julius Jacob von Haynau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Hecker=Isaac Thomas Hecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conradin_Kreutzer=Conradin Kreutzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Bushnell_Hart=Albert Bushnell Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieronymus_of_Cardia=Geronimo di Cardia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Dawson=Anthony Dawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_van_Beers=Jan Van Beers (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meisa_Kuroki=Meisa Kuroki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_of_Saint_Victor=Ugo di San Vittore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elias_Venezis=Ilias Venezis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andres_Tarand=Andres Tarand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Eberhard_Herwarth_von_Bittenfeld=Karl Herwarth von Bittenfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siiri_Oviir=Siiri Oviir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Rumyantsev=Nikolaj Rumjancev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toomas_Savi=Toomas Savi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Blacher=Boris Blacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mihael_Brejc=Mihael Brejc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelko_Kacin=Jelko Kacin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ljudmila_Novak=Ljudmila Novak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvatore_Farina=Salvatore Farina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Winterbottom=Michael Winterbottom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Farinati=Paolo Farinati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_Clerc=Laurent Clerc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Cramer_(politician)=Michael Cramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Botnick=Bruce Botnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdallahi_ibn_Muhammad=Abd Allah al-Ta'aysh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sepp_Kusstatscher=Sepp Kusstatscher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Frassoni=Monica Frassoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Theurer=Elisabeth Theurer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Vawter=Ron Vawter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamdallah_Mustawfi=Hamdallah Mustawfi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Abbott_(comedian)=Steve Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Zegers=Kevin Zegers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_MacGregor=Katherine MacGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiko_Nomura=Michiko Nomura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gian_Francesco_Malfatti=Gianfrancesco Malfatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitomi_Nabatame=Hitomi Nabatame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuko_Sugiyama=Kazuko Sugiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Norman_Cohen=Stanley Cohen (genetista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuki_Saiga=Mitsuki Saiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Klein_(politician)=Herb Klein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armin_Laschet=Armin Laschet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Reul=Herbert Reul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renate_Sommer=Renate Sommer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainer_Wieland=Rainer Wieland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Giles=Warren Giles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Christoph_Heinrich_H%C3%B6lty=Ludwig Christoph Heinrich Hölty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Fiedler=Leslie Fiedler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cwichelm_of_Wessex=Cwichelm del Wessex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_of_Stolberg-Stolberg=Christian zu Stolberg-Stolberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Cadell_(explorer)=Francis Cadell (esploratore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Smith_(entomologist)=Frederick Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Gluckman=Max Gluckman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Strasburger=Eduard Strasburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octavius_Pickard-Cambridge=Octavius Pickard-Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Harridge=Will Harridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Blackwall=John Blackwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raoul_de_Houdenc=Raoul de Houdenc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet_Roberts=Juliet Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ban_Johnson=Ban Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_MacPhail=Larry MacPhail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_de_Rothschild=Pauline de Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_MacPhail=Lee MacPhail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Cronenberg=Denise Cronenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rae_Dawn_Chong=Rae Dawn Chong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_van_Beethoven=Johann van Beethoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodrigo_de_Bastidas=Rodrigo de Bastidas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathy_Young=Catherine Alicia Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgios_Papastamkos=Georgios Papastamkos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katerina_Batzeli=Katerina Batzeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stavros_Lambrinidis=Stauros Lamprinidīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giorgos_Toussas=Geōrgios Toussas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitrios_Papadimoulis=Dimitrios Papadimoulis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanasis_Pafilis=Athanasios Pafilīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Ross_(harpsichordist)=Scott Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisar_von_Kupffer=Elisar von Kupffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Kansas=Rocky Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lawson_(explorer)=John Lawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Peach_Robinson=Henry Peach Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_de_Alva_Cort%C3%A9s_Ixtlilxochitl=Fernando de Alva Cortés Ixtlilxochitl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaus_Gerhaert=Nikolaus Gerhaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dordi_Nordby=Dordi Nordby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lang_Ping=Lang Ping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Riera=Teresa Riera Madurell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Valenciano=Elena Valenciano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Journet=Marcel Journet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Rogers_(chess_player)=Ian Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Spautz=Jean Spautz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erna_Hennicot-Schoepges=Erna Hennicot-Schoepges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrid_Lulling=Astrid Lulling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Hedh=Anna Hedh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riitta_Myller=Riitta Myller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ieke_van_den_Burg=Ieke van den Burg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_von_Lasaulx=Arnold von Lasaulx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Lassen=Eduard Lassen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_West=Shane West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Bello=Maria Bello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Boring=Edwin Boring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Reid=Christopher Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandyse_McClure=Kandyse McClure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_E._Anzald%C3%BAa=Gloria Anzaldúa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva-Britt_Svensson=Eva-Britt Svensson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Ibrisagic=Anna Ibrisagic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Said_Nurs%C3%AE=Said Nursi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_Ek=Lena Ek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Sigismund_Kunth=Karl Sigismund Kunth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clementina_Walkinshaw=Clementina Walkinshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Athanase_Walckenaer=Charles Athanase Walckenaer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barry_(set_designer)=John Barry (scenografo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deneys_Reitz=Deneys Reitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dieterle=William Dieterle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tia_Mowry=Tia Mowry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Rainsy=Sam Rainsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riya_Sen=Riya Sen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_de_l'Obel=Mathias de l'Obel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_von_Reznicek=Emil von Reznicek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juanita_Moore=Juanita Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Kohner=Susan Kohner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Kermode=Frank Kermode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melanie_Mayron=Melanie Mayron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Beavers=Louise Beavers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Roland=Gilbert Roland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_von_Einem=Gottfried von Einem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burr_Steers=Burr Steers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Gretchaninov=Aleksandr Tichonovič Grečaninov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Randolph=Lillian Randolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Bender=Lawrence Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanns_Jelinek=Hanns Jelinek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micha%C5%82_Witkowski=Michał Witkowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selim_Palmgren=Selim Palmgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Rebikov=Vladimir Ivanovič Rebikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Rieti=Vittorio Rieti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Greyson=John Greyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naftali_Hertz_ben_Yaakov_Elchanan=Naftali Hertz Ben Yaakov Elchanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronzino=Agnolo Bronzino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Tcherepnin=Aleksandr Nikolaevič Čerepnin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Charles_Abrial=Jean-Marie Charles Abrial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Bakr_ibn_Umar=Abu Bakr ibn Umar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kader_Arif=Kader Arif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Weber=Henri Weber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roma_Maffia=Roma Maffia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ealy=Michael Ealy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._F._Bruce=Frederick Fyvie Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisa_Ferreira=Elisa Ferreira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Kesselring=Joseph Kesselring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonny_Moseley=Jonny Moseley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almodis_de_la_Marche=Almodis de La Marche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laima_Andrikien%C4%97=Laima Andrikienė
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valdis_Dombrovskis=Valdis Dombrovskis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Jogiches=Leo Jogiches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Andreas_Wagner=Johann Andreas Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Fallot=Étienne-Louis Arthur Fallot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Palatucci=Giovanni Palatucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Colombo=Giuseppe Colombo (matematico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Blanchard=Rachel Blanchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Takeshita=Keiko Takeshita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Cassini=Alexandre Henri Gabriel de Cassini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiao_Qiang=Xiao Qiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Collinson_(botanist)=Peter Collinson (botanico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Bishop=Ed Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Alexis_Brialmont=Henri Alexis Brialmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Mercator=Nicolaus Mercator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Pilati=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikari_Ishida=Hikari Ishida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_August_Schultes=Josef August Schultes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Hermann_Schultes=Julius Hermann Schultes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirroc_Lofton=Cirroc Lofton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Jacobsen=Robert Jacobsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amedeo_Obici=Amedeo Obici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Tellini=Enrico Tellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Sohn-Rethel=Alfred Sohn-Rethel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jihan_El-Tahri=Jihan El-Tahri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roselyne_Bachelot=Roselyne Bachelot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brice_Hortefeux=Brice Hortefeux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspasius=Aspasio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Goldman=Gary Goldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Asper=Hans Asper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiyoko_Kawashima=Chiyoko Kawashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaya_Onosaka=Masaya Onosaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Eberhardt=Isabelle Eberhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Donovan=Daisy Donovan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Ludwig_Willdenow=Carl Ludwig Willdenow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherie_Lunghi=Cherie Lunghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthim_I=Antim I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._J._Enright=Dennis Joseph Enright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_von_Volkmann=Richard von Volkmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyotaro_Nishimura=Kyotaro Nishimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Perry=Frank Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Mylott=Eva Mylott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Alessandro_Guidi=Alessandro Guidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Achillini=Alessandro Achillini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anselm_Hollo=Anselm Hollo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Corby=Ellen Corby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalla_Fatma_N'Soumer=Lalla Fadhma n'Soumer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Barnhart=Robert Barnhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Beck=Michael Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Homer-Dixon=Thomas Homer-Dixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Jones=Ashley Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Drake=Gabrielle Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Weaver=Jason Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Calvert_(painter)=Edward Calvert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Richmond_(painter)=George Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Derek=John Derek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Griaule=Marcel Griaule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Purefoy=James Purefoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Adil_I=Al-'Adil I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Billington_(actor)=Michael Billington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Pomeranz=Kenneth Pomeranz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barclay_(poet)=John Barclay (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Abbott=Greg Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonin_Proust=Antonin Proust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Parker_Bowles=Andrew Parker Bowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Prutz=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Courtauld_(art_collector)=Samuel Courtauld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambert_II_of_Spoleto=Lamberto II di Spoleto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Daniel_Sullivan=Timothy Daniel Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Olivi=Giuseppe Olivi (naturalista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Lazar=Marc Lazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Wilhelm_Volkmann=Alfred Wilhelm Volkmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Levi=Peter Levi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abane_Ramdane=Abane Ramdane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krim_Belkacem=Belkacem Krim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_delle_Chiaje=Stefano Delle Chiaje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89douard_Louis_Trouessart=Édouard Louis Trouessart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Granville_Browne=Edward Granville Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Yermolaev=Vladimir Grigor'evič Ermolaev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Rinaldi_(architect)=Antonio Rinaldi (architetto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryoichi_Ikegami=Ryōichi Ikegami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Julius_Walbaum=Johann Julius Walbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Hobsbaum=Philip Hobsbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Brusca=Giovanni Brusca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_McNeil=Scott McNeil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warwick_Estevam_Kerr=Warwick Kerr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mekhi_Phifer=Mekhi Phifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinji_Imanishi=Kinji Imanishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Toll=John Toll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrogio_Minoja=Ambrogio Minoja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yitzhak_HaLevi_Herzog=Yitzhak HaLevi Herzog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Cook_(architect)=Peter Cook (architetto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osorkon_II=Osorkon II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Etting=Ruth Etting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Foulkes=Bill Foulkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Tavernier=Bertrand Tavernier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazar_Berman=Lazar' Naumovič Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Chapu=Henri Chapu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philar%C3%A8te_Chasles=Philarète Chasles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Bourne=Lois Bourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Wilson_(American_actor)=Patrick Wilson (attore statunitense)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Pi%C3%B9=Mario Più
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Shutta=Ethel Shutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Carey=Catherine Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Gottlieb_von_Hippel_the_Elder=Theodor Gottlieb von Hippel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_I,_Landgrave_of_Thuringia=Ermanno I di Turingia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alasdair_mac_Mhaighstir_Alasdair=Alasdair MacMhaighstir Alasdair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivazzade_Halil_Pasha=İvazzade Halil Pascià
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asaka_Seto=Asaka Seto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Carey=Johnny Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bridgeman,_1st_Viscount_Bridgeman=William Bridgeman, I visconte Bridgeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaifi_Azmi=Kaifi Azmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Hart=Ian Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein_Fahmy=Hussein Fahmy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashutosh_Gowariker=Ashutosh Gowariker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Haag=Rudolf Haag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ney_Rosauro=Ney Rosauro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Espenson=Jane Espenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Natterer=Johann Natterer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beah_Richards=Beah Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Horowitz=Isaiah Horowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herodas=Eroda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Napier_Hemy=Charles Napier Hemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Leacock=Philip Leacock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeroen_Tel=Jeroen Tel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Moran=Erin Moran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_de_la_Tour=Frances de la Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Casimir_II,_Prince_of_Nassau-Dietz=Enrico Casimiro II di Nassau-Dietz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mich%C3%A8le_Morgan=Michèle Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipater_II_of_Macedon=Antipatro II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Tieri_(mobster)=Frank Tieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Kuschnerova=Elena Kušnerova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Vonnoh=Bessie Potter Vonnoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Miscavige=David Miscavige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Robinson=Leon Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malik_Yoba=Malik Yoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_E._Doug=Doug E. Doug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Sanchez=Marco Sanchez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._R._Richards=J. R. Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rouben_Mamoulian=Rouben Mamoulian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ike_Williams=Ike Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeo_Borghesi=Bartolomeo Borghesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Oatley=Neil Oatley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisuke_Ishiwatari=Daisuke Ishiwatari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donato_Acciaioli=Donato Acciaiuoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kieran_Culkin=Kieran Culkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accursius=Accursio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise-Victorine_Ackermann=Louise-Victorine Ackermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hinwood=Peter Hinwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeysuckle_Weeks=Honeysuckle Weeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Ankvab=Alexander Ankvab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ludvigovich_Bartini=Roberto Oros di Bartini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Stang=Dorothy Stang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Kussmaul=Adolf Kussmaul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Vaughn=Ned Vaughn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Leslie=Joan Leslie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mell_Lazarus=Mell Lazarus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_De_Coster=Charles De Coster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Jeffreys=Anne Jeffreys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bart=Roger Bart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muiredach_Bolgrach=Muiredach Bolgrach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ailill_Finn=Ailill Finn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnobius_the_Younger=Arnobio il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Symons=Julian Symons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Kuhlau=Friedrich Kuhlau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_May_Karff=Mona May Karff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Symonds=Pat Symonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filippo_Filippi=Filippo Filippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_La_Rocque=Rod La Rocque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Blore=Edward Blore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerri_Lawlor=Gerri Lawlor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Marie_Lenz=Nicole Marie Lenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Stewart_(basketball)=Michael Stewart (cestista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Adler=Larry Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Reed=Pamela Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumi_Shimamoto=Sumi Shimamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anny_Ondra=Anny Ondra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barisan_of_Ibelin=Barisano di Ibelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_of_Ibelin=Ugo di Ibelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida,_Countess_of_Boulogne=Ida di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_of_Ibelin=Baldovino di Ibelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Bolotnikov=Ivan Isaevič Bolotnikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balian_of_Ibelin=Baliano di Ibelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_Scott=Campbell Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Ferrara=Abel Ferrara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Postlethwaite=Harvey Postlethwaite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_M._Brewer=Richard Brewer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Holme=Thomas Holme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_of_Markyate=Christina di Markyate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_de_Mendoza=Bernardino de Mendoza (1540-1604)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menno_van_Coehoorn=Menno van Coehoorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanna_Hamilton=Suzanna Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyriacus_II_of_Constantinople=Ciriaco di Costantinopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irnerius=Irnerio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Botsford=George Botsford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Skelton=Robin Skelton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Turpin=Tom Turpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wesley_Merritt=Wesley Merritt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patty_McCormack=Patty McCormack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Kuper=Adam Kuper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Segestes=Segeste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raquel_Rastenni=Raquel Rastenni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%81lvaro_de_Menda%C3%B1a_de_Neira=Álvaro de Mendaña de Neira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Madison=Guy Madison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christodoulos_of_Athens=Cristodulo (arcivescovo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Willner=Hal Willner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Laube=Heinrich Laube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_McBride=Jeff McBride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Theodor_Anton_Maria_von_Dalberg=Karl Theodor von Dalberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gisbertus_Voetius=Gijsbert Voet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witta_of_B%C3%BCraburg=Witta di Büraburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farkhonda_Hassan=Farkhonda Hassan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Noiret=Philippe Noiret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Kelly_(martial_artist)=Jim Kelly (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicky_Crane=Nicky Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_Mays=Jefferson Mays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Zakariya_Yahya=Abu Zakariyya Yahya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesare_Emiliani=Cesare Emiliani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazushi_Hagiwara=Kazushi Hagiwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahabuddin_Ahmed=Shahabuddin Ahmed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fannie_Farmer=Fannie Merritt Farmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kovalic=John Kovalic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigfrid_Karg-Elert=Sigfrid Karg-Elert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Weber=Jake Weber (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Eisenberg=Jesse Eisenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M%C3%A1ty%C3%A1s_Seiber=Mátyás Seiber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalamos=Calamo (mitologia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Alcubierre=Miguel Alcubierre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Fitzhugh_Lee=William Henry Fitzhugh Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doris_Wishman=Doris Wishman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Zelter=Carl Friedrich Zelter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Sanders=Karl Sanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazbia_Sirry=Gazbia Sirry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagwa_Fouad=Nagwa Fouad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._E._Y._Hales=E.E.Y. Hales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samia_Gamal=Samia Gamal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Rusesabagina=Paul Rusesabagina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Pilates=Joseph Pilates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Dauvergne=Antoine Dauvergne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faten_Hamama=Faten Hamama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Morgan_(artist)=Sally Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Friedrich_Poeppig=Eduard Friedrich Poeppig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zez_Confrey=Zez Confrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Feirstein=Bruce Feirstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meiko_Kaji=Meiko Kaji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Gr%C3%BCnfeld=Ernst Grünfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaidu=Kaidu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Emerson=Hope Emerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Scot=Thomas Scot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheri_Oteri=Cheri Oteri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Augustine_Healy=James Augustine Healy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Weatherly=Michael Weatherly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Fauchet_(historian)=Claude Fauchet (storico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Fauchet_(revolutionist)=Claude Fauchet (rivoluzionario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Faucit=Helena Faucit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morto_da_Feltre=Morto da Feltre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina_Bellman=Gina Bellman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Adlon=Percy Adlon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traci_Bingham=Traci Bingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Meyer_(political_philosopher)=Frank Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Balss=Heinrich Balss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Davies_(rugby,_born_1962)=Jonathan Davies (rugbista 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gy%C3%B6rgy_Klapka=György Klapka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaudenzio_Ferrari=Gaudenzio Ferrari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Jellinek=Adolf Jellinek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olav_Duun=Olav Duun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Huss=Toby Huss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kjell_Hallbing=Kjell Hallbing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhyan_Chand=Dhyan Chand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Laurent=François Laurent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Mapother=William Mapother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Manfredini=Francesco Manfredini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Charnin=Martin Charnin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Nardini=Pietro Nardini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_II_Acciaioli=Francesco II Acciaiuoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Laurie=John Laurie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Carter=Glenn Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toni_Gardemeister=Toni Gardemeister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diocles_(mathematician)=Diocle (matematico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Toribio_Medina=José Toribio Medina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D%C3%A9sir%C3%A9-%C3%89mile_Inghelbrecht=Désiré-Emile Inghelbrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Carpenter=Doug Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Menzel=Adolph von Menzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Merbecke=John Merbecke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Harley=Steve Harley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Sonnerat=Pierre Sonnerat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._H._Abrams=M.H. Abrams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marthe_Camille_Bachasson,_Count_of_Montalivet=Marthe-Camille Bachasson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Ingram_(actor)=Rex Ingram (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre,_Count_of_Montalivet=Jean-Pierre Bachasson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marinus_Willett=Marinus Willett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Reston=James Reston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yujiro_Ishihara=Yūjirō Ishihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyacinth_(Bichurin)=Iakinf Bičurin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odofredus=Odofredo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yelizaveta_Kovalskaya=Elizaveta Nikolaevna Koval'skaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurrell_Froude=Richard Hurrell Froude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Robinson=Elmer Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Jank=Christian Jank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandr_Kvyatkovsky=Aleksandr Aleksandrovič Kvjatkovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Genthe=Arnold Genthe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Liptrot_Hatton=John Liptrot Hatton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_de_Nobili=Roberto de Nobili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Wickramasinghe=Martin Wickramasinghe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_de_Macque=Giovanni de Macque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Butterfield=Herbert Butterfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Patrick_Thomas=Sean Patrick Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas-Th%C3%A9odore_de_Saussure=Nicolas-Théodore de Saussure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Landauer=Gustav Landauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Quilter=Roger Quilter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Friedrich_Puchta=Georg Friedrich Puchta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann,_F%C3%BCrst_von_P%C3%BCckler-Muskau=Hermann von Pückler-Muskau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcello_Viotti=Marcello Viotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles-Louis_Hanon=Charles-Louis Hanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Costa_(conductor)=Michele Costa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Hunnam=Charlie Hunnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susarion=Susarione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Fraenkel_(political_scientist)=Ernst Fraenkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Spon=Jacob Spon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Stamp,_1st_Baron_Stamp=Josiah Stamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_August_Vulpius=Christian August Vulpius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Jermyn,_1st_Earl_of_St_Albans=Henry Jermyn, I conte di St Albans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Ghislanzoni=Antonio Ghislanzoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Holstenius=Luca Olstenio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Meursius=Johannes van Meurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Cl%C3%BCver=Filippo Cluverio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermippus=Ermippo (comico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harald_Szeemann=Harald Szeemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whit_Bissell=Whit Bissell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Jeffries=Lionel Jeffries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Dunn=Kevin Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Gustav_Hotho=Heinrich Gustav Hotho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Locke_(composer)=Matthew Locke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Accolti=Pietro Accolti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Nelson=Ray Nelson (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Fliedner=Theodor Fliedner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernand_de_Brinon=Fernand de Brinon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Benedict_Listing=Johann Benedict Listing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldo_Buzzi=Aldo Buzzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_H._Lewis=Joseph H. Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dee_Bradley_Baker=Dee Bradley Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominick_Argento=Dominick Argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mori_Ranmaru=Mori Ranmaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cooper_Gotch=Thomas Cooper Gotch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathilda_May=Mathilda May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Kerr,_11th_Marquess_of_Lothian=Philip Kerr, XI marchese di Lothian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Cadogan_Cowper=Frank Cadogan Cowper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_Durango=Santiago Durango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelsey_Kirkland=Gelsey Kirkland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Brenton=Howard Brenton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lory_Bianco=Bonnie Bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yael_Dayan=Yael Dayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukari_Yoshihara=Yukari Yoshihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missy_Giove=Missy Giove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_Quinctius_Atta=Tito Quinzio Atta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arghun=Arghun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret,_Duchess_of_Norfolk=Margaret, duchessa di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicente_Lombardo_Toledano=Vicente Lombardo Toledano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Antonio_de_Dominis=Marco Antonio de Dominis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conall_Gulban=Conall Gulban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Kerr=Philip Kerr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sackville,_3rd_Duke_of_Dorset=John Sackville, III duca di Dorset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Llewelyn_Davies=Michael Llewelyn Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass_Giorgini=Mass Giorgini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Wopat=Tom Wopat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leigh_Van_Valen=Leigh Van Valen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Vigran=Herb Vigran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiberius_Julius_Pollienus_Auspex=Tiberio Giulio Pollieno Auspice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Moench=Conrad Moench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Mehring=Franz Mehring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Cohen=Bruce Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karel_Vasak=Karel Vašák
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_James_Brenham=Charles James Brenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wigbert=Vigberto di Fritzlar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Learned=Michael Learned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Sang=Julius Sang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Pearson=Stan Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonja_Graf=Sonja Graf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Raitt=John Raitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aino_Ackt%C3%A9=Aino Ackté
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Epstein=Jake Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manius_Aemilius_Lepidus_(consul_11)=Manio Emilio Lepido (console 11)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Pacchiarotti=Giacomo Pacchiarotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Aemilius_Lepidus_Minor=Marco Emilio Lepido minore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zygmunt_Stojowski=Zygmunt Stojowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atso_Almila=Atso Almila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Schedrin=Nikolaj Pavlovič Ščedrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Mackey=Albert Mackey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_and_Jan_Berenstain=Stan e Jan Berenstain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Anders=Andrea Anders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Pacheco=Francisco Pacheco del Río
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisha_ben_Abuyah=Elisha ben Abuyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_de_Pachmann=Vladimir de Pachmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacuvius=Marco Pacuvio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Loring=Lisa Loring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moustapha_Niasse=Moustapha Niasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Roth=Eli Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birgit_Fischer=Birgit Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Dotcom=Kim Dotcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._H._McCarthy=P. H. McCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antti_Aarne=Antti Aarne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Lahana=Emma Lahana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephus_Nicolaus_Laurenti=Josephus Nicolaus Laurenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Dello_Joio=Norman Dello Joio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olaus_Laurentii=Olaus Laurentii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_MacManus=Arthur MacManus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Vandelli=Domenico Agostino Vandelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Metcalfe=Jesse Metcalfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Forbes=Bryan Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Langerhans=Paul Langerhans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valdir_Azevedo=Waldir Azevedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Dudley=Edmund Dudley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Zmed=Adrian Zmed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carausius_II=Carausio II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelia_Otis_Skinner=Cornelia Otis Skinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Niclas_Bystr%C3%B6m=Johan Niclas Byström
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olaus_Martini=Olaus Martini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Tunder=Franz Tunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrogio_Bergognone=Bergognone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler_Burr=Chandler Burr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_de_Bornier=Henri de Bornier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Evans_(actor)=Chris Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilopa=Tilopa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Merlo=Mike Merlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humbert_Balsan=Humbert Balsan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tor_Andr%C3%A6=Tor Andræ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldo_Costa=Aldo Costa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Giussani=Luigi Giussani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fidel_LaBarba=Fidel LaBarba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Lowry=Lynn Lowry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_I,_Count_of_Namur=Alberto I di Namur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Genaro=Frankie Genaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Burmeister=Carl Hermann Conrad Burmeister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Prentiss=Paula Prentiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriarch_Pitirim_of_Moscow=Pitirim (patriarca di Mosca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Eun-ju=Lee Eun-ju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimon_of_Cleonae=Cimone di Cleone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_O'Hurley=John O'Hurley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyros_Markezinis=Spyridōn Markezinīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Desgrange=Henri Desgrange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Sturzo=Luigi Sturzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Conyngham,_1st_Marquess_Conyngham=Henry Conyngham, I marchese di Conyngham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Scott_Haldane=John Scott Haldane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_Mitchell=Gladys Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indro_Montanelli=Indro Montanelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolae_Milescu=Nicolae Milescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulus_Catena=Paolo Catena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Joris=David Joris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adalbert_of_Hamburg=Adalberto di Brema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shlomo_ben_Aderet=Shlomo ben Aderet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_of_Edessa=Giacobbe di Edessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Guillaume_Auguste_Lugol=Jean Guillaume Auguste Lugol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Gustav_Kraatz=Ernst Gustav Kraatz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignaz_Schifferm%C3%BCller=Ignaz Schiffermüller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_H%C3%BCbner=Jacob Hübner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_von_Paula_Schrank=Franz Paula von Schrank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Janssens=Abraham Janssens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Jasmin=Jacques Jasmin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Am%C3%A9d%C3%A9e_Jaubert=Pierre Amédée Jaubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes_McNab=Mercedes McNab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Kaufmann=Eduard Kaufmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhuanxu=Zhuanxu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Montagu_Douglas_Scott,_5th_Duke_of_Buccleuch=Walter Montagu Douglas Scott, V duca di Buccleuch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaohao=Shaohao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Birch=Martin Birch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epaticcus=Epaticco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Bentley=Wilson Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faik_Konica=Faik Konica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cris_Alexander=Cris Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_Leveson-Gower,_1st_Marquess_of_Stafford=Granville Leveson-Gower, I marchese di Stafford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Thomas_(conductor)=Theodore Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ioan_P._Culianu=Ioan Petru Culianu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cal_Schenkel=Cal Schenkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Finch,_8th_Earl_of_Winchilsea=Daniel Finch, VIII conte di Winchilsea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Sabiston=Andrew Sabiston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Motyl=Vladimir Jakovlevič Motyl'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_al-'Aynayn=Maa el Ainin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonfoh_Abass=Bonfoh Abass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Battalino=Battling Battalino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Clurman=Harold Clurman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Close=Eric Close
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Jean-Baptiste=Marianne Jean-Baptiste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poppy_Montgomery=Poppy Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_LaChapelle=David LaChapelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Larson_(author)=Erik Larson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Larson=Eric Larson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Sharp=Abraham Sharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_van_Diepenbeeck=Abraham van Diepenbeeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Calovius=Abraham Calovius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Kercheval=Ken Kercheval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu'l-Fazl_ibn_Mubarak=Abu l-Fadl 'Allami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Roney=Wallace Roney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Albert=Hans Albert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luc_d'Achery=Luc d'Achery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achille_Baraguey_d'Hilliers=Achille Baraguey d'Hilliers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achille_Fould=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Hurd-Wood=Rachel Hurd-Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyra_Sedgwick=Kyra Sedgwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongo_Beti=Mongo Beti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peppino_Gagliardi=Peppino Gagliardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeo_d'Alviano=Bartolomeo d'Alviano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Vincent=Frank Vincent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_de_Beauchamp=Alphonse de Beauchamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Bombelli=Rafael Bombelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariano_Ignacio_Prado=Mariano Ignacio Prado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Delage=Maurice Delage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Meyrick=Edward Meyrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Tibbats_Stainton=Henry Tibbats Stainton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dietrich_Nikolaus_Winkel=Dietrich Nikolaus Winkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manny_Coto=Manny Coto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Koechner=David Koechner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Otto_Runge=Philipp Otto Runge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Tardieu=Jean Tardieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Arthur_Fisher=Philip Arthur Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrado_Giaquinto=Corrado Giaquinto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Prandtauer=Jakob Prandtauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominikus_Zimmermann=Dominikus Zimmermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arjun_Appadurai=Arjun Appadurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Craik=Kenneth Craik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosma_Shiva_Hagen=Cosma Shiva Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Khaldei=Evgenij Chaldej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamey_Sheridan=Jamey Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oksana_Akinshina=Oksana Akin'šina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshino_Kimura=Yoshino Kimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide_Ristori=Adelaide Ristori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B8rgen_J%C3%B8rgensen=Jørgen Jørgensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_de_la_Pole,_1st_Earl_of_Lincoln=John de la Pole, I conte di Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Hart=Evelyn Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois-Adrien_Boieldieu=François-Adrien Boieldieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salome_Dadiani=Salome Dadiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eug%C3%A8ne_Brieux=Eugène Brieux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_(usurper)=Marco (usurpatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gratian_(usurper)=Graziano (usurpatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles-Joseph_Panckoucke=Charles-Joseph Panckoucke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadia=Shadia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Curren=Tom Curren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Easley=Annie Easley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sosthenes_of_Macedon=Sostene (generale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Baptist_Georg_Neruda=Jan Křtitel Jiří Neruda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryoji_Ikeda=Ryoji Ikeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Christoph_Zeller=Philipp Christoph Zeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Holroyd=Charles Holroyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._P._Mallory=James Patrick Mallory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Wolheim=Louis Wolheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheri_Sam=Sheri Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Stahl=Nick Stahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aidan_Gillen=Aidan Gillen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Allesson=Nils Allesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_Ragvaldi=Nils Ragvaldsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Caldwell=Tommy Caldwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Vall%C3%A9e=Jacques Vallée
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chad_Lowe=Chad Lowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Marinov=Martin Marinov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karyn_Parsons=Karyn Parsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Jakub=Lisa Jakub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Alexander_McClernand=John Alexander McClernand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Heinrich_Romberg=Moritz Heinrich Romberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Barreto=Bruno Barreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Loche=Victor Loche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosa_Chacel=Rosa Chacel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Addy=Mark Addy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kimhi=David Kimchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacurius_the_Iberian=Bacurio d'Iberia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Weinberg=Wilhelm Weinberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Pulci=Luigi Pulci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert-L%C3%A1szl%C3%B3_Barab%C3%A1si=Albert-László Barabási
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_d'Adelsw%C3%A4rd-Fersen=Jacques d'Adelswärd-Fersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferenc_Pulszky=Ferenc Pulszky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Burros=Dan Burros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Wright_(actor)=Jeffrey Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lester_Grinspoon=Lester Grinspoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Peter_Alexander_Wagner=Johann Peter Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_de_Braose=Giovanni de Braose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Cant=Brian Cant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Slotnick=Joey Slotnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Edelmann=Heinz Edelmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Buonaparte=Carlo Maria Buonaparte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marchetto_da_Padova=Marchetto da Padova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Doktor=Martin Doktor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cal=David Cal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Mignone=Francisco Paulo Mignone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goukouni_Oueddei=Goukouni Oueddei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Hale=Barbara Hale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Ranc=Arthur Ranc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_McCoy=Tim McCoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Stanford=Aaron Stanford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Shenkman=Ben Shenkman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tord_Pedersson_(Bonde)=Tord Pedersson Bonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Roman=Ruth Roman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Savage=Adam Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dufty=William Dufty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Sars=Michael Sars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lev_Manovich=Lev Manovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwenllian_of_Wales=Gwenllian ferch Llywelyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Chiang=Doug Chiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_von_Henselt=Adolf von Henselt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_O'Brian=Hugh O'Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Lough=Ernest Lough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Cole=Taylor Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guo_Shoujing=Guo Shoujing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Guangqi=Xu Guangqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Burrell=Dave Burrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufinus_(consul)=Flavio Rufino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Bortkiewicz=Sergej Ėduardovič Bortkevič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Gold_(composer)=Ernest Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Sealsfield=Charles Sealsfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mordecai_Meisel=Mordecai Maisel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_S._Ruddy=Albert S. Ruddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet_Prowse=Juliet Prowse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicia_Day=Felicia Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Laing=Leslie Laing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_ibn_Yusuf=Ahmad ibn Yusuf (matematico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachilde=Rachilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allison_Munn=Allison Munn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Gebhardt=Karl Gebhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miriam_McDonald=Miriam McDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_de_Lancie_(oboist)=John de Lancie (oboista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Seidl=Anton Seidl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Paterson_(actor)=Bill Paterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Friedrich_Ehrhart=Jakob Friedrich Ehrhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Leo_Butz=Norbert Leo Butz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Chan=Kim Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolee_Carmello=Carolee Carmello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_A._Muller=Richard Muller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Durbridge=Francis Durbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hathaway=Henry Hathaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Farrell=Suzanne Farrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_(singer)=Oliver (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Castellio=Sébastien Castellion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_of_Bergen=Arnold di Bergen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerzy_Stuhr=Jerzy Stuhr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_S._Becker=Howard Saul Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Stanley,_6th_Earl_of_Derby=William Stanley, VI conte di Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Arch=John Arch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Smith_(mariner)=William Smith (navigatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Holder=Geoffrey Holder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_de_Riqueti,_marquis_de_Mirabeau=Victor Riqueti de Mirabeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Kahn=Ian Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbert_Harrison=Wilbert Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Marino=Ken Marino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busy_Philipps=Busy Philipps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Bridges=Jordan Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fetzer=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Ashbrook=Dana Ashbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Hudson=Oliver Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Baggot=King Baggot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brittany_Daniel=Brittany Daniel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Kneipp=Sebastian Kneipp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Franco=James Franco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsuyuki_Konishi=Katsuyuki Konishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaneto_Shiozawa=Kaneto Shiozawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Piven=Jeremy Piven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilton_Kramer=Hilton Kramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Kimball=Roger Kimball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Hennesy=Carolyn Hennesy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masashi_Ebara=Masashi Ebara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Ozsan=Hal Ozsan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bianca_Lawson=Bianca Lawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubna_Khalid_Al_Qasimi=Lubna Khalid Al Qasimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morphia_of_Melitene=Morfia di Melitene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilmos_Zsigmond=Vilmos Zsigmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wadsworth_Hodkinson=William Wadsworth Hodkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margo_Stilley=Margo Stilley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Thomas=Heather Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Grant_(artist)=Francis Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Wald=Lillian Wald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Zanella=Giacomo Zanella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benvenuto_Tisi=Benvenuto Tisi da Garofalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Dolmetsch=Arnold Dolmetsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Benckendorff=Alexander von Benckendorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rory_Calhoun=Rory Calhoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_Cenci=Beatrice Cenci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Arlen=Richard Arlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tchicai=John Tchicai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gill_(theologian)=John Gill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darold_Williamson=Darold Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksey_Arakcheyev=Aleksej Andreevič Arakčeev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cooley=James Cooley (matematico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Finn=John Finn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Ichbiah=Jean Ichbiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Olof_Wallin=Johan Olof Wallin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_C._Stoney=George Cashel Stoney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Kedrenos=Giorgio Cedreno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatole_Litvak=Anatole Litvak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dominic_Crossan=John Dominic Crossan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Duparc_(composer)=Henri Duparc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Stephenson_von_Tetzchner=Jon Stephenson von Tetzchner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Carlton_Walker=Gilbert Carlton Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gabriel_Doppelmayr=Johann Gabriel Doppelmayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Canova=Judy Canova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Sisto=Jeremy Sisto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hurst=Michael Hurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Savage=Ann Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christoph_Adelung=Johann Christoph Adelung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Behr=Jason Behr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eion_Bailey=Eion Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Tecchler=David Tecchler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Stainer=Jacobus Stainer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Bergonzi_(luthier)=Carlo Bergonzi (liutaio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Arnold_(actor)=Edward Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teres_I=Teres I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Duryea=Dan Duryea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitalces=Sitalce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seuthes_I=Seute I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadocus_I=Amadoco I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_D%C3%A9sir%C3%A9_Roulin=François Désiré Roulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Gill=Theodore Nicholas Gill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleardo_Terzi=Aleardo Terzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Austin_Allibone=Samuel Austin Allibone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollodorus_of_Damascus=Apollodoro di Damasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Cole=Christina Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Clopton_Wingfield=Walter Clopton Wingfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Werman=Tom Werman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Morris=Jane Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wolders=Robert Wolders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lucas_de_Pearsall=Robert Lucas de Pearsall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etheridge_Knight=Etheridge Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Myers=Stanley Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hucbald=Ubaldo di Saint-Amand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Gerbert=Martin Gerbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuliana_Sgrena=Giuliana Sgrena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abram_Hewitt=Abraham Stevens Hewitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Hilarius_Eckhel=Joseph Hilarius Eckhel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Cornelius_Sulla=Publio Cornelio Silla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Buck=Bruce Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia_Polgar=Zsófia Polgár
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Sutovsky=Emil Sutovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juana_de_Ibarbourou=Juana de Ibarbourou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corax_of_Syracuse=Corace (retore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Henri_Merle_d'Aubign%C3%A9=Jean-Henri Merle d'Aubigné
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuo_Ohno=Kazuo Ōno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Baeza_Flores=Alberto Baeza Flores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_d'Aubusson=Pierre d'Aubusson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_McGraw=Charles McGraw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinaldo_Gargano=Reinaldo Gargano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_IV,_Count_of_Ponthieu=Guglielmo II di Ponthieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Windsor=Marie Windsor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Nanteuil=Robert Nanteuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Kramer=Wolfgang Kramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Alberto_Azuni=Domenico Alberto Azuni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Rinuccini=Giovanni Battista Rinuccini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Davis=Carl Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Nicol%C3%A1s_de_Azara=José Nicolás de Azara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Heffter=Arthur Heffter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vivarini=Antonio Vivarini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeo_Vivarini=Bartolomeo Vivarini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himerius=Imerio di Prusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignaz_Br%C3%BCll=Ignaz Brüll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sekiryo_Kaneda=Sekiryo Yamauchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bumper_Robinson=Bumper Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Wyneken=Gustav Wyneken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olga_Jackowska=Kora (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_(Archbishop_of_Uppsala)=Stefan (arcivescovo di Uppsala)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Wiseman=Frederick Wiseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_von_Gutschmid=Alfred von Gutschmid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_Gooding=Omar Gooding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Figgis=Mike Figgis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Neher=André Neher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewald_Friedrich_von_Hertzberg=Ewald Friedrich von Hertzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamara_Tunie=Tamara Tunie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Iger=Bob Iger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Faber=Michel Faber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Gilbert=Martin Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Niblo=Fred Niblo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Marsh=Jean Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Atkins=Eileen Atkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._N._Goenka=S. N. Goenka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenio_Espejo=Eugenio Espejo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Hedaya=Dan Hedaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lumley,_1st_Earl_of_Scarbrough=Richard Lumley, I conte di Scarbrough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Pressfield=Steven Pressfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatsumi_Kimishima=Tatsumi Kimishima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Lelyveld=Joseph Lelyveld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Berlenbach=Paul Berlenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Barrie=Barbara Barrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Delaney=Jack Delaney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earle_Brown=Earle Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Greenberg=Richard Greenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Mantello=Joe Mantello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Markkula=Mike Markkula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Powell=Jenny Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Ludwig_Hausmann=Johann Friedrich Ludwig Hausmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleombrotus_I=Cleombroto I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammad_Ar-Rawiya=Ḥammād al-Rāwiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_von_Herkomer=Hubert von Herkomer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Legend=John Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Johnson_(16th_century)=Richard Johnson (XVI secolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rued_Langgaard=Rued Langgaard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Milch=David Milch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heymann_Steinthal=Heymann Steinthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Carey,_Jr.=Harry Carey Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Parini=Giuseppe Parini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Kaufmann=Oskar Kaufmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Maynard=Ken Maynard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Siegel=Ralph Siegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Samueli=Henry Samueli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Kelley=Florence Kelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Shadix=Glenn Shadix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Hill_(director)=Tim Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isidor_Straus=Isidor Straus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_ben_David=Abraham Ben David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_FitzJames=Henry FitzJames, I duca di Albemarle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Arrupe=Pedro Arrupe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuler_Hensley=Shuler Hensley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Miner=Steve Miner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathy_Rigby=Cathy Rigby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hamilton_Smith=Charles Hamilton Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulus_Castrensis=Paolo di Castro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doreen_Wilber=Doreen Wilber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Krumholtz=David Krumholtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filaret_(Denysenko)=Filarete di Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pang_Hui=Pang Hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Madigan=Amy Madigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vibia_Sabina=Vibia Sabina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Baptiste_Bory_de_Saint-Vincent=Jean Baptiste Bory de Saint-Vincent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Lake_(actor)=Arthur Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Robert_Glazer=Eugene Robert Glazer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Barry=Gene Barry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_de_Keyser=Thomas de Keyser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jafar_Panahi=Jafar Panahi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Stringer=Howard Stringer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolai_Poliakoff=Nicolai Poliakoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Kaps=Fred Kaps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diebold_Schilling_the_Younger=Diebold Schilling il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guglielmo_Pl%C3%BCschow=Wilhelm von Plüschow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diebold_Schilling_the_Elder=Diebold Schilling il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikki_Sanderson=Nikki Sanderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbas_ibn_Firnas=Abbas ibn Firnas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CeeLo_Green=Cee Lo Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Boggs=Francis Boggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Coquerel=Charles Coquerel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Bloch=Carl Heinrich Bloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolfo_Lanciani=Rodolfo Lanciani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konishi_Yukinaga=Konishi Yukinaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brett_Helquist=Brett Helquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulpia_Marciana=Ulpia Marciana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mart_Siimann=Mart Siimann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istv%C3%A1n_Bethlen=István Bethlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Gumplowicz=Ludwig Gumplowicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_G%C3%B6ring=Albert Göring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Arnold_(director)=Jack Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Spinetti=Victor Spinetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azo_of_Bologna=Azzone da Bologna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Savage=Jon Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Ferrari_(philosopher)=Giuseppe Ferrari (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Ambrogio_Figino=Ambrogio Figino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lana_Parrilla=Lana Parrilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Gedrick=Jason Gedrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly_Williams-Paisley=Kimberly Williams-Paisley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stadlober=Robert Stadlober
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camillo_Federici=Camillo Federici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Steinschneider=Moritz Steinschneider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Fehling=Hermann von Fehling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Jer%C3%B3nimo_Feij%C3%B3o_y_Montenegro=Benito Jerónimo Feijoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Duke=Bill Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhijnvis_Feith=Rhijnvis Feith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saeed_Jaffrey=Saeed Jaffrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jugal_Hansraj=Jugal Hansraj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K%C3%A4the_Gold=Käthe Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_M._Gimple=Scott M. Gimple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_van_Heemskerk=Johan van Heemskerk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V%C3%ADctor_Erice=Víctor Erice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lester_Speight=Lester Speight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fannie_Flagg=Fannie Flagg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Lover=Ed Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hildebert=Ildeberto di Lavardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarler=Jarler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Gunton=Bob Gunton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachael_Bella=Rachael Bella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pompeia_Plotina=Plotina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Lawrence_(actor)=Andrew Lawrence (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Stephen_Prince=Derek Stephen Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Repsold=Johann Georg Repsold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Renaldo=Duncan Renaldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ossip_Bernstein=Ossip Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheikh_Hamidou_Kane=Cheikh Hamidou Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoot_Gibson=Hoot Gibson (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuhiko_Nishi=Kazuhiko Nishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_F%C3%A9libien=André Félibien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mink_Stole=Mink Stole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Mullenweg=Matt Mullenweg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Reid=Hugo Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois-Xavier_de_Feller=François-Xavier de Feller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergi_L%C3%B3pez_i_Ayats=Sergi López
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_de_Montfort,_Count_of_Nola=Guido di Montfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_A._P._Kaczmarek=Jan Andrzej Paweł Kaczmarek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Dante=Joe Dante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_K%C3%BCblb%C3%B6ck=Daniel Küblböck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inessa_Armand=Inessa Armand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Rubell=Steve Rubell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huni=Huni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Montgomery_(actor)=George Montgomery (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepseskaf=Shepseskaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Userkaf=Userkaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucile_Duplessis=Lucile Duplessis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siegmund,_Margrave_of_Bayreuth=Sigismondo di Bayreuth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergiu_Comissiona=Sergiu Comissiona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neferirkare_Kakai=Neferirkara Kakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menkauhor_Kaiu=Menkauhor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alchabitius=Alcabizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_te_Riele=Herman te Riele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Herman=David Herman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K%C3%A1roly_Makk=Károly Makk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debra_Hill=Debra Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne-Th%C3%A9r%C3%A8se_de_Marguenat_de_Courcelles=Anne-Thérèse de Marguenat de Courcelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnie_Dunagan=Donnie Dunagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Lang=Walter Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sven_Nykvist=Sven Nykvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldebert=Aldeberto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._H._E._C._Espin=Thomas Henry Espinell Compton Espin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Balanzino=Sergio Balanzino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._Q._Jones=L.Q. Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Cornelius_Sisenna=Lucio Cornelio Sisenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Mackendrick=Alexander Mackendrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbigniew_Nienacki=Zbigniew Nienacki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Benton=Robert Benton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsudaira_Nobuyasu=Matsudaira Nobuyasu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley_Hack=Shelley Hack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Heinrich_Thiessen=Georg Heinrich Thiessen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_II_of_Majorca=Giacomo II di Maiorca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_III_of_Majorca=Giacomo III di Maiorca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Jamesone=George Jamesone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Torre_Repetto=Carlos Torre Repetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_of_Speyer=Enrico di Spira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Hall_(actor)=Jon Hall (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiko_Aylesworth=Reiko Aylesworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xander_Berkeley=Xander Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Clarke=Sarah Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jude_Ciccolella=Jude Ciccolella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Fiore=Roberto Fiore (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Edward_Cavendish=Edward Cavendish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Gilbertson=Gary Gilbertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Furet=François Furet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mentuhotep_I=Mentuhotep I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henning_von_Holtzendorff=Henning von Holtzendorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intef_I=Antef I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Delannoy=Jean Delannoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intef_II=Antef II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Bagley=Ross Bagley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bug_Hall=Bug Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travis_Tedford=Travis Tedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Birnbaum=Allan Birnbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_F._McGowan=Robert F. McGowan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Bowen=Andrea Bowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_A._McGowan=Robert A. McGowan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Jacobs-Bond=Carrie Jacobs-Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Sutzkever=Abraham Sutzkever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Burn=Amos Burn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Anton_Hoffmeister=Franz Anton Hoffmeister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Finley_(actor)=William Finley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berthold_Schwarz=Berthold Schwarz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Richings=Julian Richings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ntshingwayo_Khoza=Ntshingwayo kaMahole Khozab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traudl_Junge=Traudl Junge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Forrest_(actor)=Steve Forrest (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Boyd=Brian Boyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frei_Otto=Frei Otto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torquato_Taramelli=Torquato Taramelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gray_(sea_captain)=Robert Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elia_Levita=Elia Levita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dub_Taylor=Dub Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Eugster=Al Eugster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B%C3%B6rries_von_M%C3%BCnchhausen=Börries von Münchausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Carlston=Doug Carlston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Douglas_(director)=Gordon Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gus_Meins=Gus Meins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Seymour,_Duchess_of_Somerset=Anne Stanhope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Oldham_(poet)=John Oldham (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aries_Spears=Aries Spears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Lee=Bobby Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernart_de_Ventadorn=Bernart de Ventadorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Lundy_(animator)=Dick Lundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Jensen=Wilhelm Jensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosina_Lawrence=Rosina Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Sidney=George Sidney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_L._Cahn=Edward L. Cahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Hatley=Marvin Hatley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Christophe_Edmond_de_Kellermann=François Christophe Edmond Kellermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Alva=Tony Alva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Kemble=Roger Kemble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Adams=Jay Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shams_Tabrizi=Shams Tabrizi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Yorkin=Bud Yorkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adamo_Ruggiero=Adamo Ruggiero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Mira=Brigitte Mira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippolyte_Langlois=Hippolyte Langlois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Peters=Michael Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilde_Serao=Matilde Serao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Acquaviva=Claudio Acquaviva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intef_III=Antef III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Ellmann=Richard Ellmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Frederick_II,_Margrave_of_Brandenburg-Ansbach=Giorgio Federico II di Brandeburgo-Ansbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Swanwick=Helena Swanwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_D._Griffin=Michael Douglas Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shani_Wallis=Shani Wallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Thode=Henry Thode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nezha_Bidouane=Nezha Bidouane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Gilbert=Billy Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Johnson_(author)=Steven Berlin Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_DeHuff=Nicole DeHuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wellesley,_9th_Duke_of_Wellington=Charles Wellesley, IX duca di Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Coulon_de_Jumonville=Joseph Coulon de Villiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaspar_Stanggassinger=Kaspar Stanggassinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Eden_Nesfield=William Eden Nesfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Benzelius_the_younger=Erik Benzelius il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Bentinck,_2nd_Duke_of_Portland=William Bentinck, II duca di Portland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorian_Harewood=Dorian Harewood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Bates=Ken Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fructuoso_Rivera=Fructuoso Rivera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Alcorn=Allan Alcorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_II_of_Jaffa=Ugo II du Puiset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Nicolas_Corvisart=Jean-Nicolas Corvisart des Marets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._S._Carr=George S. Carr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armando_Valladares=Armando Valladares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Sch%C3%A4fer=Paul Schäfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolter_von_Plettenberg=Wolter von Plettenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Auguste_Cochon_de_Lapparent=Albert Auguste Cochon de Lapparent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Illueca=Jorge Illueca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Ernst_Ludwig_von_Fischer=Friedrich Ernst Ludwig von Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Wallis=Samuel Wallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vespucio_Liberti=Antonio Liberti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Devicq=Paula Devicq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Cooper=Samuel Cooper (miniatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Gish=Sheila Gish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Churchill=Diana Churchill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bell_(bishop)=George Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_McQuail=Denis McQuail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernesto_Lecuona=Ernesto Lecuona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_de_Heusch=Willem de Heusch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_de_Heusch=Jacob de Heusch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottlieb_Heineccius=Johann Gottlieb Heineccius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Michael_Heineccius=Johann Michael Heineccius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_Heidegger=Johann Heinrich Heidegger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Cocceius=Johannes Cocceius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Hecker=Friedrich Karl Franz Hecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Portman=Rachel Portman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Lewis=Bobby Lewis (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Qu%C3%A9nisset=Ferdinand Quénisset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleen_Camp=Colleen Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Scott,_9th_Duke_of_Buccleuch=John Scott, IX duca di Buccleuch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_Hall=Willis Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Saltarelli=Jacopo Saltarelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Fitzinger=Leopold Fitzinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Dinning=Mark Dinning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Zubayr_Rahma_Mansur=Al-Zubayr Rahma Mansur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fevzi_%C3%87akmak=Fevzi Çakmak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Dubois=Pietro Dubois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Beloglazov=Sergej Beloglazov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%A9opold_Victor_Delisle=Léopold Victor Delisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harley_Jane_Kozak=Harley Jane Kozak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Dulac=Edmund Dulac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Sofronitsky=Vladimir Vladimirovič Sofronickij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Cipes=Greg Cipes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemelli_Careri=Giovanni Francesco Gemelli Careri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_III,_Count_of_Ponthieu=Guglielmo I di Ponthieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Banner=John Banner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_M._Schulze=Richard M. Schulze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Ponomaryova=Nina Romaškova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Kwapis=Ken Kwapis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina_King=Regina King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Ray=Tom Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Spears=Ken Spears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Ruby=Joe Ruby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_S._Ray=Thomas S. Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Bourland=Cliff Bourland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheldon_Adelson=Sheldon Adelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommaso_Toffoli=Tommaso Toffoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Lawrence-King=Andrew Lawrence-King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Kirkby=Emma Kirkby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Cranston=Bryan Cranston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Ancel=Michel Ancel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilde_Hidalgo=Matilde Hidalgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Clellon_Holmes=John Clellon Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Cuniberti=Vittorio Cuniberti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Deitch=Gene Deitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Pritchard=Norman Pritchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Grundy=Bill Grundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Reichenow=Anton Reichenow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton_Horace_Winchell=Newton Horace Winchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna-Louise_Plowman=Anna-Louise Plowman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanna_Gregory=Susanna Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_King=Gregory King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Stewart_Traill=Thomas Stewart Traill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theo_Loevendie=Theo Loevendie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Ruzicka=Peter Ruzicka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gordon-Lennox,_8th_Duke_of_Richmond=Charles Gordon-Lennox, VIII duca di Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Gervasoni=Stefano Gervasoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89mile-Louis_Burnouf=Émile-Louis Burnouf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Ruppin=Arthur Ruppin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carman_Maxwell=Carman Maxwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agis_III=Agide III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Sullivan_(film_producer)=Pat Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Deja=Andreas Deja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Moore_(animator)=Fred Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cy_Young_(animator)=Cy Young (animatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Monarcha=Carmen Monarcha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Shinoda=Larry Shinoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Mansart=François Mansart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Berlinski=David Berlinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanoch_Levin=Hanoch Levin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Friedrich_M%C3%BCller=Otto Friedrich Müller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haji_Bektash_Veli=Hajji Bektash Veli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Renqiong=Song Renqiong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Henschel=George Henschel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algy_Ward=Algy Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Belasco=David Belasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Ospel=Marcel Ospel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Parrott=Andrew Parrott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karel_Husa=Karel Husa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Manze=Andrew Manze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Kinnaird,_11th_Lord_Kinnaird=Arthur Kinnaird, XI Lord Kinnaird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Marion_Sims=James Marion Sims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Nemtsov=Boris Nemcov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Blucas=Marc Blucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BD_Wong=BD Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Woods=Thomas Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lopez=Robert Lopez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Kitchen=Michael Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braccio_da_Montone=Braccio da Montone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldine_McCaughrean=Geraldine McCaughrean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Henderson=Scott Henderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_McDonald_(musician)=Ian McDonald (musicista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lombardy=William Lombardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorma_Ollila=Jorma Ollila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gao_Min_(diver)=Gao Min
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Jouffroy=François Jouffroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saif_Ali_Khan=Saif Ali Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celia_Franca=Celia Franca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugawara_no_Michizane=Sugawara no Michizane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Knowles=Cyril Knowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Heijermans=Herman Heijermans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_van_der_Heyden=Jan van der Heyden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Wavrin=Jean de Wavrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melchior_d'Hondecoeter=Melchior d'Hondecoeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Fyt=Jan Fyt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Schuck=John Schuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Speer,_Jr.=Albert Speer junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloysia_Weber=Aloysia Weber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yehuda_Alharizi=Yehuda Alharizi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_E._Fresh=Doug E. Fresh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laird_Cregar=Laird Cregar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qi_Jiguang=Qi Jiguang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riccardo_Galeazzi-Lisi=Riccardo Galeazzi Lisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigenori_T%C5%8Dg%C5%8D=Shigenori Tōgō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V%C3%ADctor_Andr%C3%A9s_Bela%C3%BAnde=Víctor Andrés Belaúnde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Grossmann=Alex Grossmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Morlet=Jean Morlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsuji_Mori=Katsuji Mori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rie_Kugimiya=Rie Kugimiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Manuel,_Prince_of_Villena=Giovanni Emanuele di Castiglia (1282-1348)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_McCulloch_(actor)=Ian McCulloch (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_M._Kuhn=Bradley M. Kuhn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Alexander_Sullivan=George Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chellie_Pingree=Chellie Pingree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vahan_Kurkjian=Vahan Kurkjian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel_Besant-Scott=Mabel Besant-Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%81lvaro_Colom=Álvaro Colom Caballeros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Aarestrup=Emil Aarestrup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Andreyevich_Dolgorukov=Vasilij Andreevič Dolgorukov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Andreyevich_Shuvalov=Pëtr Andreevič Šuvalov (1827-1889)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Brennan=Eileen Brennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fr%C3%A9d%C3%A9ric_Beigbeder=Frédéric Beigbeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Sipyagin=Dmitrij Sergeevič Sipjagin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martine_Carol=Martine Carol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshinori_Kanada=Yoshinori Kanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lior_Ashkenazi=Lior Ashkenazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Talbot,_6th_Earl_of_Shrewsbury=George Talbot, VI conte di Shrewsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orso_II_Participazio=Orso II Partecipazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Borgen=Johan Borgen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anette_Sagen=Anette Sagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Jinkins=Jim Jinkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaina_Reed_Hall=Alaina Reed-Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lightoller=Charles Lightoller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Anderson_(illustrator)=Alexander Anderson (illustratore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horton_Foote=Horton Foote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Lou_Gerson=Betty Lou Gerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teshub=Teshub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Aikman=Christopher Aikman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Holly=Lauren Holly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anri=Anri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Charles=Josh Charles (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Douglas,_6th_Earl_of_Morton=William Douglas, VI conte di Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aatos_Erkko=Aatos Erkko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armin_Joseph_Deutsch=Armin Joseph Deutsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnar_Jarring=Gunnar Jarring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_de_Bohun,_2nd_Earl_of_Hereford=Humphrey di Bohun, II conte di Hereford e I conte di Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St%C3%A9phane_Courtois=Stéphane Courtois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Bell,_Baron_Bell=Timothy Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Sartori=Giovanni Sartori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Freyer=Hans Freyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Ferrer=Mel Ferrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_de_Brosses=Charles de Brosses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gino_Vannelli=Gino Vannelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Yoshizawa=Akira Yoshizawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_R%C3%B6hrl=Walter Röhrl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Alexandrovich_Chuprov=Aleksandr Aleksandrovič Čuprov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Keil=Alfredo Keil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corey_Carrier=Corey Carrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Herbert,_14th_Earl_of_Pembroke=Sidney Herbert, XIV conte di Pembroke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Copos=George Copos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_Ashwell=Lena Ashwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Hill=Steven Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_von_Keil=Franz von Keil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Thaon_di_Revel=Paolo Thaon di Revel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Minet=Bernard Minet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Riggle=Rob Riggle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breece_D'J_Pancake=Breece D'J Pancake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ranson=Paul Ranson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Mikhailovich_Volkonsky=Pëtr Michajlovič Volkonskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspare_Aselli=Gaspare Aselli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Henry_Munsell=Albert Henry Munsell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Hetrick=Jennifer Hetrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peithon=Peitone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Roh=Franz Roh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Abt=Christian Abt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Albacete=Antonio Albacete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_the_Lydian=Giovanni Lido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iradj_Alexander=Iradj Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_B._Seitz=George B. Seitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uwe_Alzen=Uwe Alzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renzo_Rosso=Renzo Rosso (imprenditore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathal_Crobhdearg_Ua_Conchobair=Cathal Crobdearg Ua Conchobair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tairrdelbach_Ua_Conchobair=Tairrdelbach Ua Conchobair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irra_Petina=Irra Petina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Mandrell=Barbara Mandrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adalbert_of_Mainz=Adalberto I di Saarbrücken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Curtis_(entomologist)=John Curtis (entomologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrick_Hamel=Hendrik Hamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Douglas_(actor)=Paul Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Hedegaard=Connie Hedegaard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Campbell,_1st_Earl_of_Breadalbane_and_Holland=John Campbell, I conte di Breadalbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Thil=Marcel Thil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Asch=Roland Asch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_Walsh=Bradley Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Farley=Kevin Farley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Solowitz=Alex Solowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulvio_Ballabio=Fulvio Ballabio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udo_Lindenberg=Udo Lindenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebiya_Kadeer=Rebiya Kadeer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Bertini=Gary Bertini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Narby=Jeremy Narby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Michel=Louise Michel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizuko_Ito=Mizuko Itō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sturges=John Sturges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_August=John August
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karim_Rashid=Karim Rashid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Fleischer=Dave Fleischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Morton_(writer)=Andrew Morton (giornalista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wilhelm_Hertel=Johann Wilhelm Hertel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Hanin=Roger Hanin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Enna=August Enna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Fitz-Gerald=Lewis Fitz-Gerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanis%C5%82aw_Tymi%C5%84ski=Stanisław Tymiński
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ole_Edvart_R%C3%B8lvaag=Ole Edvart Rolvaag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuko_Namba=Yasuko Namba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Anton_Friedrich_Ast=Georg Anton Friedrich Ast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_A._Herne=James A. Herne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuele_d'Astorga=Emanuele d'Astorga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Audran=Edmond Audran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mort_Shuman=Mort Shuman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_d'Aurelle_de_Paladines=Louis d'Aurelle de Paladines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Firkovich=Abraham Firkovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makoto_Raiku=Makoto Raiku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_All%C3%A9gret=Catherine Allégret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val_Lewton=Val Lewton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Oundjian=Peter Oundjian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Witz=Konrad Witz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Witte=Otto Witte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Praetorius=Anton Praetorius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jahan_Shah=Jahan Shah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Dreyfus=Julie Dreyfus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erkki_Liikanen=Erkki Liikanen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Levine_(poet)=Philip Levine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Gable=Christopher Gable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Lawson=Denis Lawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Path%C3%A9=Charles Pathé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Kempowski=Walter Kempowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Fresnay=Pierre Fresnay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Quinlan=Kathleen Quinlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Hamroyev=Ali Chamraev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endel_Tulving=Endel Tulving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josefa_Llanes_Escoda=Josefa Llanes Escoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_L._Lasky=Jesse L. Lasky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheryl_Sandberg=Sheryl Sandberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Weinstein=Harvey Weinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Huon_de_Kermadec=Jean-Michel Huon de Kermadec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Hewitt=Angela Hewitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Pi%C3%B1era=José Piñera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnaldo_Otegi=Arnaldo Otegi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Oxymoron=Monty Oxy Moron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixon_Denham=Dixon Denham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Gerhard_Rohlfs=Gerhard Rohlfs (esploratore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Keosayan=Ėdmond Keosajan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellespontine_Sibyl=Sibilla Ellespontica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Nasmith=Ted Nasmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Morhaime=Michael Morhaime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Cummins=Peggy Cummins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_of_Rheinfelden=Rodolfo di Svevia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheldon_Leonard=Sheldon Leonard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentina_Visconti,_Duchess_of_Orl%C3%A9ans=Valentina Visconti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Walker=Clint Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S%C3%B4nia_Braga=Sônia Braga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_Zois=Sigmund Zois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michihiko_Hachiya=Michihiko Hachiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnaud_d'Ossat=Arnaud d'Ossat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edward_Bowdich=Thomas Edward Bowdich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mykola_Leontovych=Mykola Leontovyč
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ji%C5%99%C3%AD_H%C3%A1jek=Jiří Hájek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Coello=Claudio Coello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Wain=David Wain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodrigo_de_la_Serna=Rodrigo de la Serna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_von_Terzaghi=Karl von Terzaghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_Mar%C3%ADa_Matute=Ana María Matute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Groos=Karl Groos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Mechlowicz=Scott Mechlowicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Laura_Thompson=Jennifer Laura Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Horner=Christian Horner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Wachter=Ed Wachter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%B6tz_George=Götz George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Kohut=Heinz Kohut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Kane=Helen Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damis=Damide di Ninive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Lortie=Louis Lortie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dai_Vernon=Dai Vernon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Collen=Phil Collen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yehuda_Bauer=Yehuda Bauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Cousins=Norman Cousins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Alexander_Clerck=Carl Alexander Clerck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_McCracken=Jack McCracken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascal_Bruckner=Pascal Bruckner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyung-wha_Chung=Kyung-wha Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvatore_Lima=Salvo Lima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Hoppe=Marianne Hoppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinguaro=Tinguaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Medicine_Crow=Joe Medicine Crow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makoto_%C5%8Coka=Makoto Ōoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexey_Cherkassky=Aleksej Michajlovič Čerkasskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Pearson_(filmmaker)=George Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Powell=Dawn Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Baio=Jimmy Baio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Apostoli=Fred Apostoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pankow=John Pankow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy_Angott=Sammy Angott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_P._Stanley=Richard P. Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Devol=George Devol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Ludwig_Sand=Karl Ludwig Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesca_da_Rimini=Francesca da Rimini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Lachman=Harry Lachman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Blow=Isabella Blow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Sampson=John Sampson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petey_Scalzo=Petey Scalzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yan_Fu=Yan Fu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azriel_(Jewish_mystic)=Azriel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiaan_de_Wet=Christiaan de Wet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_De_Wint=Peter de Wint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre-Gabriel_Decamps=Alexandre-Gabriel Decamps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Schmidt=Rob Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Le_Jeune=Claude Le Jeune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Heinrich_Karl_von_Dechen=Ernst Heinrich Karl von Dechen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_King_III=Martin Luther King III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Paul_Benjamin_Delessert=Benjamin Delessert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demochares=Democare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrecht_Haushofer=Albrecht Haushofer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Feilding,_1st_Earl_of_Denbigh=William Feilding, I conte di Denbigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Feilding,_2nd_Earl_of_Denbigh=Basil Feilding, II conte di Denbigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Docter=Pete Docter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhem_de_Haan=Wilhem de Haan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Fontana=Domenico Fontana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_de_Decker=Pierre de Decker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Lebedev-Kumach=Vasilij Ivanovič Lebedev-Kumač
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Barclay=James Barclay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Malou=Jules Malou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Gould_II=Jay Gould II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natsuka_Masaie=Natsuka Masaie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Miller_(entrepreneur)=Scott Miller (programmatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_Morrison=Blake Morrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Rudolf_Schinz=Heinrich Rudolf Schinz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadim_Chernobrov=Vadim Aleksandrovič Černobrov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield_Wood=Garfield Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Henson=John Henson (disambigua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_of_Rostov=Costantino di Vladimir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Rippin=Andrew Rippin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harm_Lagaay=Harm Lagaay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Sayer=Malcolm Sayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Neal=Tom Neal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_L._Clayton=William Clayton (funzionario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petr_Ginz=Petr Ginz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernd_Alois_Zimmermann=Bernd Alois Zimmermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naropa=Nāropā
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Carlson=Kelly Carlson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_VII,_Count_of_Armagnac=Bernardo VII d'Armagnac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginie_D%C3%A9jazet=Virginie Déjazet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Delany=Mary Delany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chi_McBride=Chi McBride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Miller=Rebecca Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koyuki=Koyuki Katō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Layne_Beachley=Layne Beachley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu-Mansur_Daqiqi=Abu Mansur Daqiqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_L._Maier=Paul L. Maier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kam%C4%81l_ud-D%C4%ABn_Behz%C4%81d=Kamāl ud-Dīn Behzād
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillem_de_Cabestany=Guillem de Cabestany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Denis=Michael Denis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Waters_(director_born_1893)=John Waters (regista 1893)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_d'Ennery=Adolphe d'Ennery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_Bush=Sophia Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Sadie=Stanley Sadie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrick_Theyanoguin=Hendrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maude_Abbott=Maude Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Zemon_Davis=Natalie Zemon Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Mason=Timothy Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lester_R._Brown=Lester R. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Brambilla=Marco Brambilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Terranova=Phil Terranova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Achille_Le_Bel=Joseph Achille Le Bel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Aemilius_Lepidus_(consul_78_BC)=Marco Emilio Lepido (console 78 a.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Kuhnau=Johann Kuhnau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Rich_(actor)=Christopher Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Lochner=Stephan Lochner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirokazu_Yasuhara=Hirokazu Yasuhara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doina_Cornea=Doina Cornea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Bernini=Pietro Bernini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Adler=John Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orazio_Gentileschi=Orazio Gentileschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Francisco_de_la_Bodega_y_Quadra=Juan Francisco de la Bodega y Quadra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_de_Gogorza=Emilio de Gogorza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Denina=Carlo Denina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartwig_Derenbourg=Hartwig Derenbourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Derenbourg=Joseph Derenbourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonso_Mudarra=Alonso Mudarra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zden%C4%9Bk_Miler=Zdeněk Miler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Ari%C3%A8s=Philippe Ariès
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Roberts_(historian)=Michael Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Payton=Barbara Payton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Kreutz=Heinrich Kreutz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_bin_Saqr_Al_Qasimi=Sultan I bin Saqr al-Qasimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Curien=Hubert Curien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_la_Vall%C3%A9e=Jean de la Vallée
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Elliott_Cairnes=John Elliot Cairnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Noonan=Tom Noonan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Kulov=Felix Kulov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D._Voelker=Robert Traver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robby_M%C3%BCller=Robby Müller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Wesley=Samuel Wesley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Backhouse=Edward Backhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Carrera=Barbara Carrera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Kochubey=Viktor Pavlovič Kočubej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_Servo=Marty Servo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Stepney=Nigel Stepney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan_Smith=Sheridan Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_de_Medeiros=Maria de Medeiros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Lees=Benjamin Lees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Moore=Ted Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thom_de_Graaf=Thom de Graaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Brooks_(actor)=Richard Brooks (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurie_Dhue=Laurie Dhue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Aurelio_Soto=Marco Aurelio Soto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Carver=Jonathan Carver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hildegard_Peplau=Hildegard Peplau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oleg_Popov=Oleg Konstantinovič Popov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurmanbek_Bakiyev=Kurmanbek Salievič Bakiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aga_Khan_II=Aga Khan II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazimierz_Serocki=Kazimierz Serocki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Bassi=Laura Bassi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Oliver=Isaac Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elio_Vittorini=Elio Vittorini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_McCormack_(triathlete)=Chris McCormack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Ossian_Sars=Georg Sars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Pellion_di_Persano=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Methvan_Whyte=Frederick Methvan Whyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barth%C3%A9lemy_d'Herbelot=Barthélemy d'Herbelot de Molainville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Hillebrand=Karl Hillebrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambert_of_Hersfeld=Lamberto di Hersfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Adams_(actor)=Timothy Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatoly_Solonitsyn=Anatolij Alekseevič Solonicyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Kaidanovsky=Aleksandr Kajdanovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitz_Henry_Lane=Fitz Henry Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehan_Sadat=Jehan Sadat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Buell=Erik Buell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Huber_(composer)=Hans Huber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne_Decroux=Étienne Decroux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llywelyn_Bren=Llywelyn Bren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Dragone=Franco Dragone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Kenelm=Cenelm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Marighella=Carlos Marighella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Green=Ernest Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Smith_(murderer)=Eric Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bechara_El_Khoury=Bishara al-Khuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Benchley=Peter Benchley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sylvester=William Sylvester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Pygram=Wayne Pygram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_B%C3%B6hm=Georg Böhm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Tobias=George Tobias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Gonzalez=Rick Gonzalez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Churchward=James Churchward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Albert=Edward Albert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gayatri_Joshi=Gayatri Joshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Beaver=Martin Beaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Roberts_Rinehart=Mary Roberts Rinehart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oupa_Gqozo=Joshua Gqozo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Mosca=Angelo Mosca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Eug%C3%A8ne_de_Cro%C3%BF=Carlo Eugenio di Croÿ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Schneiderman=Rose Schneiderman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitbuqa=Kitbuga Noyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_K%C5%99esadlo=Jan Křesadlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Kitchin=Alexandra Kitchin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcelo_Rebelo_de_Sousa=Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiegle_Willcox=Spiegle Willcox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Baudouin=Paul Baudouin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Morello=Nicholas Morello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toru_Kumon=Toru Kumon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Flagello=Nicolas Flagello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Metzner=Ralph Metzner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Spall=Timothy Spall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvon_Delbos=Yvon Delbos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Michael_Hecht=Jennifer Michael Hecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twosret=Tausert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Karnazes=Dean Karnazes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volin=Volin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ban_Zhao=Ban Zhao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elle_Fanning=Elle Fanning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mashita_Nagamori=Mashita Nagamori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Przywara=Erich Przywara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan_Tom=Logan Tom (pallavolista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tang_Jiali=Tang Jiali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Tate=Catherine Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Pr%C3%BCfer=Heinz Prüfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristoforo_Solari=Cristoforo Solari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Solario=Antonio Solario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suriya=Suriya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Gazzaniga=Giuseppe Gazzaniga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merenre_Nemtyemsaf_II=Merenra II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Ren%C3%A9_Bellot=Joseph René Bellot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_McCormack=Mary McCormack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Plot=Robert Plot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadeem_Hardison=Kadeem Hardison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus_Jonas=Justus Jonas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordanus=Giordano di Séverac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Jouffroy=Jean Jouffroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alveda_King=Alveda King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantin_Noica=Constantin Noica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhard_Ritter=Gerhard Ritter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Henry_Jackson=William Henry Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Junker=Vasilij Vasil'evič Junker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maamar_Mamouni=Maamar Mamouni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cole_Younger=Cole Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl-Eduard_von_Schnitzler=Karl-Eduard von Schnitzler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Biberman=Herbert Biberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Stille=Alexander Stille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Callis=James Callis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_Antonio_Chavira=Ricardo Antonio Chavira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Moses=Mark Moses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slavko_%C5%A0timac=Slavko Štimac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cody_Kasch=Cody Kasch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenda_Strong=Brenda Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Rabal=Francisco Rabal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Vario=Paul Vario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Rey=Fernando Rey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Fern%C3%A1n_G%C3%B3mez=Fernando Fernán Gómez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Landa=Alfredo Landa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Lugansky=Nikolaj L'vovič Luganskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saeb_Salam=Sa'eb Salam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Mazin=Craig Mazin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Kalkbrenner=Friedrich Kalkbrenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Raphael_Smith=John Raphael Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clu_Gulager=Clu Gulager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Haggis=Paul Haggis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Magee=David Magee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amenemhat_IV=Amenemhat IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_M%C3%B6bius=Karl Möbius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Hunt=William Henry Hunt (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Weil=Cynthia Weil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrasymachus=Trasimaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Par%C3%A9=Jessica Paré
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tompall_Glaser=Tompall Glaser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Burdett=Francis Burdett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Petrucci=Alfonso Petrucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Leivick=Halpern Leivick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhuge_Zhan=Zhuge Zhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oichi=Oichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Russell_(guitarist)=David Russell (musicista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Albright=Jacob Albright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumas_Malone=Dumas Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satoshi_Urushihara=Satoshi Urushihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Andersson=Roy Andersson (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvain_Remy=Sylvain Rémy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kapelos=John Kapelos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wassiou_Oladipupo=Wassiou Oladipupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Emmanuel_Suka=Samuel Emmanuel Suka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsey_Shaw=Lindsey Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orville_Gibson=Orville Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_Ali_Diallo=Mohamed Ali Diallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadou_Tidiane_Tall=Amadou Tidiane Tall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amara_Ahmed_Ouattara=Amara Ouattara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toussaint_Natama=Toussaint Natama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satprem=Satprem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_Myles=Sophia Myles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charnabon=Carnabone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_E._Borie=Adolph Edward Borie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_M._Robeson=George Maxwell Robeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Clayton=Jack Clayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_Rutto=Evans Rutto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Fratello=Mike Fratello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._R._Kaprekar=Dattatreya Ramachandra Kaprekar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lino_Brocka=Lino Brocka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_H%C3%BCrlimann=Thomas Hürlimann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Sellars=Peter Sellars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Gibb=Donald Gibb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Barlow_(basketball)=Tom Barlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Beckman=John Beckman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Bowman_(music_writer)=Rob S. Bowman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essence_Atkins=Essence Atkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Blood=Ernest Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Robinson_(American_actor)=John Robinson (attore statunitense)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Clemens_von_Baumgarten=Paul Clemens von Baumgarten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Cardiff=Jack Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Noel_Paton=Joseph Noel Paton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Medvedev=Roj Aleksandrovič Medvedev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_Lowder=Kyle Lowder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Muldoon=Patrick Muldoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennie_Borgmann=Bennie Borgmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Alexander_Rosskeen_Gibb=Hamilton Alexander Rosskeen Gibb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Stone=Rose Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ferrie=David Ferrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alireza_Dabir=Alireza Dabir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Carril=Pete Carril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Picon=Molly Picon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Heriot=George Heriot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haim_Gouri=Haim Gouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franck_Matingou=Franck Matingou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier_Nzuzi=Olivier Nzuzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijou_Kisombe_Mundaba=Mundaba Kisombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Petherbridge=Edward Petherbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonel_Power=Leonel Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silpa_Bhirasri=Silpa Bhirasri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_le_Bargy=Charles Le Bargy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_LeConte=Joseph LeConte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Lebeau=Joseph Lebeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasi_Lemmons=Kasi Lemmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Carter_(director)=Thomas Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Vakhtangov=Evgenij Bagrationovič Vachtangov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Tremaine=Jeff Tremaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_Cooper=Tarzan Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Sy=Henry Sy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vissarion_Shebalin=Vissarion Jakovlevič Šebalin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Strauss-Kahn=Dominique Strauss-Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Lanoye=Tom Lanoye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joaquim_Nabuco=Joaquim Nabuco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Lunardi=Vincenzo Lunardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fouad_el-Mohandes=Fouad el-Mohandes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Craighead_George=Jean Craighead George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Morgan=Helen Morgan (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elinor_Donahue=Elinor Donahue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Morris=Willie Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagawa_Ujizane=Imagawa Ujizane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Story=Tim Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Milne=John Milne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_G._Ulmer=Edgar G. Ulmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunao_Tawara=Sunao Tawara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caleb_Bradham=Caleb Bradham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krista_Allen=Krista Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mordecai_Manuel_Noah=Mordecai Manuel Noah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Valley=Mark Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Lawrence=Stephanie Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Henry_Emerson=Peter Henry Emerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Curatola=Vincent Curatola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Blandick=Clara Blandick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_B%C3%A9raud=Jean Béraud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrel_Bell=Terrel Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Woolf_King=Walter Woolf King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Tennant=David Tennant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Harkavy=Avraam Garkavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Jonnart=Charles Jonnart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keenan_MacWilliam=Keenan MacWilliam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Gomez=Nick Gomez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Van_Patten=Tim Van Patten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Deutsch=Diana Deutsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lefebvre-Desnouettes=Charles Lefebvre-Desnouettes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Chaplin=Josephine Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Chaplin_(actor)=Michael Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran_Lebowitz=Fran Lebowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Nikisch=Arthur Nikisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Morton=Joe Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxie_Parks=Maxie Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Fellowes=Julian Fellowes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Wallace_(producer)=Andy Wallace (produttore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Ruysch=Rachel Ruysch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Schuyler=James Schuyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Wallace_(racing_driver)=Andy Wallace (pilota automobilistico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Winter=Eric Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Corro=Hugo Corro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Petit_de_Julleville=Louis Petit de Julleville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Harman=Gilbert Harman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Fuqua=Antoine Fuqua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bosco_Manat_Chuabsamai=John Bosco Manat Chuabsamai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_De_Mayer=Nicholas De Mayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_William_Howard=William Howard (1563-1640)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Bruno=Angelo Bruno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Eigenberg=David Eigenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaine_Hendrix=Elaine Hendrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Sorel,_sieur_de_Souvigny=Charles Sorel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_C._Johnson=Stephen C. Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luc_Donckerwolke=Luc Donckerwolke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Wingfield=Peter Wingfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Singer=Marc Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fleming_(naturalist)=John Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Kudisch=Marc Kudisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Buttram=Pat Buttram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Voisin=Gabriel Voisin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Joseph_Berkeley=Miles Joseph Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Whishaw=Ben Whishaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derrick_Brew=Derrick Brew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Young_(athlete)=Earl Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Yerman=Jack Yerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulis_Williams=Ulis Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ollan_Cassell=Ollan Cassell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Freeman=Ron Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Pettigrew=Antonio Pettigrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Harrison=Alvin Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_Harrison=Calvin Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_M%C3%BCller=Fritz Müller (biologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emile_Hirsch=Emile Hirsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butch_Reynolds=Butch Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Robinzine=Kevin Robinzine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mano_Dayak=Mano Dayak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolfo_Lipizer=Rodolfo Lipizer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ila-kabkabu=Ila-kabkabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Marcello=Carlos Marcello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Platter=Thomas Platter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunder_Nix=Sunder Nix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remigijus_Valiulis=Remigijus Valiulis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Linge=Michail Linge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munyoro_Nyamau=Hezahiah Nyamau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Armstead=Ray Armstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ouko_(athlete)=Robert Ouko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Asati=Charles Asati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Feit=Walter Feit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Remar=James Remar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Olyphant=Timothy Olyphant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Tanvier=Catherine Tanvier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serena_(Roman)=Serena (principessa romana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Morris_(actor)=Phil Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Hamilton,_Countess_of_Orkney=Elizabeth Villiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Legendre=Louis Legendre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Legouv%C3%A9=Ernest Legouvé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Jingzi=Wu Jingzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harald_Juhnke=Harald Juhnke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marx_Dormoy=Marx Dormoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gordon,_4th_Earl_of_Huntly=George Gordon, IV conte di Huntly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Lasch=Christopher Lasch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustinos_Kapodistrias=Agostino Capodistria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Ramsay,_16th_Earl_of_Dalhousie=Simon Ramsay, XVI conte di Dalhousie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Small=Sharon Small
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Laloux=Victor Laloux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Peter_Zimmermann=Frank Peter Zimmermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Michelstaedter=Carlo Michelstaedter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torgny_T:son_Segerstedt=Torgny T:son Segerstedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bergin=Michael Bergin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adnan_al-Ghoul=Adnan al-Ghul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fausta_Morganti=Fausta Morganti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesare_Gasperoni=Cesare Gasperoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%A1bor_Csup%C3%B3=Gábor Csupó
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Hill=Dana Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Brearley=Harry Brearley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werknesh_Kidane=Werknesh Kidane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philopoemen=Filopemene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Xaver_Schwarz=Franz Xaver Schwarz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Russell_(actor)=John Russell (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Gertler=André Gertler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chip_Kidd=Chip Kidd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lori_Singer=Lori Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Levering=Kate Levering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Rapaport=Michael Rapaport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onesicritus=Onesicrito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Orbilius_Pupillus=Lucio Orbilio Pupillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._Gary_Gray=F. Gary Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liesel_Holler=Liesel Holler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Dedijer=Vladimir Dedijer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Cazenove=Christopher Cazenove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franti%C5%A1ek_Vl%C3%A1%C4%8Dil=František Vláčil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vardanes_II=Vardane II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberic_II_of_Spoleto=Alberico II di Spoleto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Butler,_10th_Earl_of_Ormond=Thomas Butler, X conte di Ormond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lino_Lacedelli=Lino Lacedelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassan_ibn_Thabit=Hassan ibn Thabit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiridates_I_of_Parthia=Tiridate I di Partia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hudson=George Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Neutzsky-Wulff=Erwin Neutzsky-Wulff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Fisher_(politician)=Douglas Fisher (politico canadese)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_George=Ken George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Brett_Martin=Clara Brett Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aage_Neutzsky-Wulff=Aage Neutzsky-Wulff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_E._Chandler=William Eaton Chandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Vandamme=Dominique-Joseph René Vandamme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Cannabich=Christian Cannabich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amedeo_Maiuri=Amedeo Maiuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadeusz_Mici%C5%84ski=Tadeusz Miciński
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Melzi=Francesco Melzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Goodwin=Thomas Goodwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Kirsch=Stan Kirsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Clemens=Josef Clemens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89mile_Blanchard=Émile Blanchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Hernandez=Patrick Hernandez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Tatum=Jack Tatum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quinton_Flynn=Quinton Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lyons=William Lyons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Polonsky=Abraham Polonsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilson_(mathematician)=John Wilson (matematico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Toller=Ernst Toller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Joyce_(writer)=Michael Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_G._Jackson=Donald G. Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Stocker_(actor)=Werner Stocker (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivo_Watts-Russell=Ivo Watts-Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faye_Grant=Faye Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Mommsen=Hans Mommsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Meinecke=Friedrich Meinecke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teuvo_Kohonen=Teuvo Kohonen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Wright=Doug Wright (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_von_Puttkamer=Robert von Puttkamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Salva=Victor Salva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Antonio_Zaccaria=Francesco Antonio Zaccaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Zabarella=Francesco Zabarella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Anton_Zallinger_zum_Thurn=Jacob Anton Zallinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamara_Karsavina=Tamara Platonovna Karsavina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Zamboni=Giuseppe Zamboni (fisico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivo_Pogoreli%C4%87=Ivo Pogorelić
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniele_De_Rossi=Daniele De Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommaso_Maria_Zigliara=Tommaso Maria Zigliara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niccol%C3%B2_Antonio_Zingarelli=Nicola Antonio Zingarelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B6rgen_Zoega=Jörgen Zoega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Placido_Zurla=Giacinto Placido Zurla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Kishi=Keiko Kishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Fox=Kerry Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norio_Tsuruta=Norio Tsuruta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jayston=Michael Jayston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrecht_von_Goertz=Albrecht von Goertz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vologases_III_of_Parthia=Vologase III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Brownstein=Carrie Brownstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osroes_I=Osroe I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakisaka_Yasuharu=Wakizaka Yasuharu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mithridates_IV_of_Parthia=Mitridate IV di Partia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Holt=Tim Holt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Paul_Getty_III=John Paul Getty III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vologases_IV=Vologase IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F%C3%A9lix_Pyat=Félix Pyat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lozen=Lozen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vologases_VI=Vologase VI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Denham=Maurice Denham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Frederick_Lampe=John Frederick Lampe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Pisendel=Johann Georg Pisendel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Macfarlane,_Baron_Macfarlane_of_Bearsden=Norman Macfarlane, barone Macfarlane di Bearsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_Jasper_Seetzen=Ulrich Jasper Seetzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Foster_(Latinist)=Reginald Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Alice=Mary Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Godin=Seth Godin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Thomson,_Baron_Thomson_of_Monifieth=George Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acacius_of_Beroea=Acacio di Beroea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Yagher=Jeff Yagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acacius_of_Caesarea=Acacio di Cesarea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Anderson_(cartoonist)=Brad Anderson (fumettista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brion_James=Brion James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childebert_III=Childeberto III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Anderson_(director)=Brad Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsuda_Umeko=Tsuda Umeko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reg_Empey=Reg Empey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Spencer,_6th_Earl_Spencer=Charles Spencer, VI conte Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammuna=Ammuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoff_Willis=Geoff Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwao_Takamoto=Iwao Takamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_J._Hurley=Patrick Jay Hurley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaqub-Har=Meruserra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ye_Ting=Ye Ting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_James_Hollywood=Jesse James Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Ticotin=Rachel Ticotin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Octavius=Marco Ottavio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Pompeo=Ellen Pompeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mangold=James Mangold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanaya_Yohei=Hanaya Yohei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carey_Hart=Carey Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandalf_Alfgeirsson=Gandalf Alfgeirsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Patera=Ken Patera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gcina_Mhlope=Gcina Mhlope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Pokrovsky=Michail Nikolaevič Pokrovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Amstell=Simon Amstell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ure=Mary Ure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthias_Ringmann=Matthias Ringmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Banks=Jonathan Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Miller=Dick Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Livingston=Jay Livingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_M%C3%BCnter=Gabriele Münter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_B._McElroy=Alan McElroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pran_(actor)=Pran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franti%C5%A1ek_Hrub%C3%ADn=František Hrubín
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Erman=Adolf Erman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Cohen=Rob Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Am%C3%A9d%C3%A9e_Achard=Amédée Achard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_II_of_Constantinople=Gregorio Ciprio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Pitt=Ingrid Pitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Ferns=Alex Ferns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Anna_Mozart=Maria Anna Mozart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilda_Gray=Gilda Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andre%C3%AF_Makine=Andreï Makine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlheinz_B%C3%B6hm=Karlheinz Böhm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dai_Sijie=Dai Sijie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livia_Orestilla=Livia Orestilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatakeyama_Masanaga=Hatakeyama Masanaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_McGill=Bruce McGill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Piscator=Erwin Piscator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Walmesley=Charles Walmesley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_of_Winterburn=Walter Winterbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wandelbert=Vandalberto di Prüm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beda_Weber=Beda Weber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regine_Olsen=Regine Olsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Ahdout=Jonathan Ahdout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Sibbett=Jane Sibbett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Auch=Susan Auch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jose_Maria_Sison=José María Sison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Williams_(game_developer)=Ken Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edoardo_Chiossone=Edoardo Chiossone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elia_Suleiman=Elia Suleiman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nahum_Goldmann=Nahum Goldmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederik_Magle=Frederik Magle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Marcuse=Ludwig Marcuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_G._Hutton=Brian G. Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Mowbray=Alan Mowbray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Thomerson=Tim Thomerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Olivier=Philip Olivier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Fielding=Janet Fielding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Zimmer=Heinrich Zimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgette_Wilson=Bridgette Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Moore=Michael D. Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Conroy=Frances Conroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Lauter=Ed Lauter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Staden=Hans Staden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Dreyfuss=Henry Dreyfuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Adair_(politician)=Robert Adair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neerja_Bhanot=Neerja Bhanot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Stucky=Steven Stucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_del_Giocondo=Lisa Gherardini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Malatesta=Gianciotto Malatesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeanna_Walsman=Leeanna Walsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Hall=Rob Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Konrad_Beilstein=Friedrich Konrad Beilstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Chilembwe=John Chilembwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Par%C3%A9=Michael Paré
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amalia_Freud=Amalia Freud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Woodroffe=John Woodroffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leanza_Cornett=Leanza Cornett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Louise_Strong=Anna Louise Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaime_Murray=Jaime Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P%C3%A9ter_Erd%C5%91=Péter Erdő
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Furno=Carlo Furno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Morris_(choreographer)=Mark Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Veiga=Carlos Veiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucien_Cu%C3%A9not=Lucien Cuénot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel_Wamala=Emmanuel Wamala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Othmar_Wieland=Arnold Othmar Wieland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernd_Eichinger=Bernd Eichinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Watling=Deborah Watling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darby_Conley=Darby Conley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Reitherman=Wolfgang Reitherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taran_Noah_Smith=Taran Noah Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Erni=Hans Erni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogier_Ghiselin_de_Busbecq=Ogier Ghislain de Busbecq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Irish=Ned Irish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiga_(musician)=Tiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Thomas_Bauer=Peter Thomas Bauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Barton_(actor)=Peter Barton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Sant'Elia=Antonio Sant'Elia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry_King=Perry King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Penny=Joe Penny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thom_Bray=Thom Bray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Ging=Jack Ging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mame_Madior_Boye=Mame Madior Boye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenda_Song=Brenda Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Chadwick=June Chadwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Patrick_Kelly=David Patrick Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvie_Kinigi=Sylvie Kinigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Olbrychski=Daniel Olbrychski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Hirschbiegel=Oliver Hirschbiegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_Black=Shane Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thusnelda=Thusnelda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Hillgruber=Andreas Hillgruber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Dollard_des_Ormeaux=Adam Dollard des Ormeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Begich=Mark Begich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Divoff=Andrew Divoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Bruce_Ismay=Joseph Bruce Ismay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_O'Ross=Ed O'Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_M._Bonanno=Alfredo Maria Bonanno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfried_Krupp_von_Bohlen_und_Halbach=Alfried Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Bodrov=Sergej Vladimirovič Bodrov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Gordon=Keith Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katee_Sackhoff=Katee Sackhoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jozef_Tomko=Jozef Tomko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Carter=Leslie Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Maislinger=Andreas Maislinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kutsuki_Mototsuna=Kutsuki Mototsuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avigdor_Lieberman=Avigdor Lieberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temistocle_Solera=Temistocle Solera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Lapchick=Joe Lapchick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoru_Kitani=Minoru Kitani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bond=Edward Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Anderson_(director)=Michael Anderson (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_D'Agoust=Louis-Fouquet de Vincens de Saint-Michel d'Agoult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juli_Zeh=Juli Zeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chudnovsky_brothers=Fratelli Čudnovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Levin=Gilbert Levin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Ducruet=Pauline Ducruet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Atherton=William Atherton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grigoris_Bithikotsis=Grīgorīs Mpithikōtsīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Bacchus=Jim Bacchus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elio_Toaff=Elio Toaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Williams=Grace Mary Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Donovan=Edward Donovan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Cesana=Franco Cesana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tofiq_Bahramov=Tofiq Bəhramov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tibor_Fischer=Tibor Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Norton_Lorenz=Edward Norton Lorenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hawkes_(novelist)=John Hawkes (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balthazar_Getty=Balthazar Getty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Cresto=Sergio Cresto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbigniew_Zamachowski=Zbigniew Zamachowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Moeller_van_den_Bruck=Arthur Moeller van den Bruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Laval=Charles Laval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Kay=Crystal Kay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Makoare=Lawrence Makoare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alhassane_Keita=Alhassane Keita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Eymerich=Nicolas Eymerich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Ducruet=Daniel Ducruet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Mairet=Jean Mairet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucien_Carr=Lucien Carr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Hildebrand=Klaus Hildebrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adeliza=Adeliza di Normandia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morland=Samuel Morland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashia_Hansen=Ashia Hansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Fielding=Roy Fielding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadou_Hamp%C3%A2t%C3%A9_B%C3%A2=Amadou Hampâté Bâ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheick_Oumar_Sissoko=Cheick Oumar Sissoko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souleymane_Ciss%C3%A9=Souleymane Cissé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moussa_Konat%C3%A9=Moussa Konaté
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Dennis=Carl Dennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Schwarzer=Alice Schwarzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Bassingthwaighte=Natalie Bassingthwaighte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debra_Paget=Debra Paget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_Ulliel=Gaspard Ulliel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Petrie_(artist)=George Petrie (artista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Aimard=Gustave Aimard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Emanuel_Ainmiller=Max Emanuel Ainmiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaakko_Hintikka=Jaakko Hintikka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Shelton=Ron Shelton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleazar_Albin=Eleazar Albin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_Patterson=Hank Patterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Pepper=Barbara Pepper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Cady=Frank Cady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Flynn_(actor)=Sean Flynn (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Lovatt=Stephen Lovatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_All%C3%A9gret=Marc Allégret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonso,_Earl_of_Chester=Alfonso, conte di Chester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_O'Hare=Denis O'Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archestratus=Archestrato di Gela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuccia=Tuccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zalman_King=Zalman King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliza_Taylor=Eliza Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuelle_Chriqui=Emmanuelle Chriqui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Frohman=Daniel Frohman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marissa_Ribisi=Marissa Ribisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Lawrence=Marc Lawrence (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Toma%C5%BE_Linhart=Anton Tomaž Linhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_van_Dyke=Henry van Dyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Drewermann=Eugen Drewermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoe_Saldana=Zoe Saldana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Francis_Baring,_1st_Baronet=Francis Baring, I baronetto Baring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Terao=Akira Terao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wim_Mertens=Wim Mertens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Harvey=Mick Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Patinir=Joachim Patinir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lieuwe_van_Aitzema=Lieuwe van Aitzema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferruccio_Lamborghini=Ferruccio Lamborghini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theon_of_Smyrna=Teone di Smirne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Spottiswoode=John Spottiswoode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Rose_(screenwriter)=William Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celia_Lovsky=Celia Lovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Aksakov=Ivan Sergeevič Aksakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Jewell=Richard Jewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floria_Sigismondi=Floria Sigismondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet_Stevenson=Juliet Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Morrison_(missionary)=Robert Morrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qian_Qianyi=Qian Qianyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Bryant=Nicola Bryant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Verbiest=Ferdinand Verbiest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pernilla_August=Pernilla August
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Martin_(author)=James Martin (informatico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Talman_(actor)=William Talman (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taira_no_Atsumori=Taira no Atsumori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_the_Venerable=Pietro il Venerabile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Sarne=Michael Sarne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugo_Betti=Ugo Betti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogasawara_Nagatoki=Ogasawara Nagatoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Moffatt=Jerry Moffatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Farmer=Gary Farmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuliy_Kim=Julij Kim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathalie_Griesbeck=Nathalie Griesbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton_Davis=Clifton Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Sarg=Tony Sarg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Kelly_(actor)=Paul Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Tauler=Giovanni Taulero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Tausen=Hans Tausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Lynn_Gorney=Karen Lynn Gorney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symeon_the_Metaphrast=Simeone Metafraste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizabeth_Scott=Lizabeth Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Stukley=Thomas Stucley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Petit=Philippe Petit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Subleyras=Pierre Subleyras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Hussar=Bruno Hussar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Alfredo_Piatti=Carlo Alfredo Piatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Baptist_Cramer=Johann Baptist Cramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Bernhard_Basedow=Johann Bernhard Basedow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Kaspar_Bluntschli=Johann Caspar Bluntschli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenda_Marshall=Brenda Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus_Dahinden=Justus Dahinden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naddodd=Naddoddr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chyler_Leigh=Chyler Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gra%C5%BCyna_Szapo%C5%82owska=Grażyna Szapołowska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Navashin=Sergej Gavrilovič Navašin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvestro_Aldobrandini=Silvestro Aldobrandini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Parks=Michael Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toda_Katsushige=Toda Katsushige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_IV_of_Morocco=Muhammad IV del Marocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yazid_of_Morocco=Mulay al-Yazid ibn Muhammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Viret=Pierre Viret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terri_Irwin=Terri Irwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Stanley_(Battle_of_Bosworth)=William Stanley (1435-1495)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Becker_(director)=Jean Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainer_Barzel=Rainer Barzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lindsay,_27th_Earl_of_Crawford=David Lindsay, XXVII conte di Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulick_de_Burgh,_1st_Marquess_of_Clanricarde=Ulick de Burgh, I marchese di Clanricarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Temple-Nugent-Brydges-Chandos-Grenville,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham_and_Chandos=Richard Temple-Nugent-Brydges-Chandos-Grenville, II duca di Buckingham e Chandos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wood,_the_Younger=John Wood il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Leveson-Gower,_1st_Earl_Gower=John Leveson-Gower, I conte di Gower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_of_Paris=Alexandre de Bernay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_Gates=Pop Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misia_Sert=Misia Sert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Buchanan=Edgar Buchanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hogan_(sculptor)=John Hogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Wittenberg=Dave Wittenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Zaki_(actor)=Ahmed Zaki (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Hawk_(Sauk_leader)=Falco Nero (capo indiano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Thomas=Brandon Thomas (autore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irma_Capece_Minutolo=Irma Capece Minutolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_esh_Sheikh_el_Mamun=Muhammad al-Shaykh al-Ma'mun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Ahn=Philip Ahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turhan_Bey=Turhan Bey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinando_d'Adda=Ferdinando d'Adda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulietta_Masina=Giulietta Masina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Tang=Audrey Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theaetetus_(mathematician)=Teeteto (matematico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Franklin=Carl Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Tempest=Marie Tempest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_de_Crousaz=Jean Pierre de Crouzas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_Friedman_(basketball)=Marty Friedman (cestista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortunato_Depero=Fortunato Depero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Pritchard=Kevin Pritchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogawa_Suketada=Ogawa Suketada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Zimmer=Karl Zimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masurius_Sabinus=Masurio Sabino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayavarman_VIII=Jayavarman VIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Saxon=Rolf Saxon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Raynaud=Maurice Raynaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Bugatti=Mastro Titta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Cook=Tim Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Lai=Francis Lai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborra-Lee_Furness=Deborra-Lee Furness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Kapustin=Nikolaj Girševič Kapustin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Patterson=Sarah Patterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_John=Caroline John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Plagge=Karl Plagge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siobh%C3%A1n_McKenna=Siobhán McKenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pratt=Peter Pratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Waismann=Friedrich Waismann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijou_Heron=Bijou Heron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Joseph_Simmons=William Joseph Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Tyrrell=George Tyrrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Frank=Johann Julius Gottfried Ludwig Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Snellen=Hermann Snellen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89mile_L%C3%A9onard_Mathieu=Émile Mathieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Faustino=David Faustino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Moretti=Willie Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_Schikaneder=Emanuel Schikaneder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantinos_Volanakis=Konstantinos Volanakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4th_Dalai_Lama=Yönten Gyatso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Lindsay=Howard Lindsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_McAvoy=May McAvoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Newson=Marc Newson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Colter=Mary Colter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Cavada=Jean-Marie Cavada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marielle_de_Sarnez=Marielle de Sarnez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Damon=Gabriel Damon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Brophy=Edward Brophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Krzysztof_Bielecki=Jan Bielecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czes%C5%82aw_Kiszczak=Czesław Kiszczak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Gu%C3%A9rin_de_Tencin=Pierre Guérin de Tencin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Paulson=Henry Paulson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicjan_S%C5%82awoj_Sk%C5%82adkowski=Felicjan Sławoj Składkowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Koz%C5%82owski=Leon Kozłowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanna_(disciple)=Susanna (Nuovo Testamento)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Martinez=Jean-Claude Martinez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophilus_of_Adana=Teofilo di Adana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Kenny=Elizabeth Kenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Stone=Lawrence Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Servan-Schreiber=Jean-Jacques Servan-Schreiber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Burton_Carpenter=Jake Burton Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Kelly_(tenor)=Michael Kelly (tenore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Beymer=Richard Beymer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Strasberg=Susan Strasberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_de_Montfort=Peter de Montfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Crosland=Alan Crosland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Cornelius=Hans Cornelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarja_Cronberg=Tarja Cronberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neidhart_von_Reuental=Neidhart von Reuental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Palmstruch=Johan Palmstruch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Burke_(actor)=Chris Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Flood=Gerald Flood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Ann_Ford=Carole Ann Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_O'Brien=Maureen O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Band=Charles Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Hill=Jacqueline Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Greville,_Countess_of_Warwick=Daisy Greville, contessa di Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frazer_Hines=Frazer Hines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yitzchok_Zev_Soloveitchik=Yitzchak Zev Soloveitchik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yan_Pascal_Tortelier=Yan Pascal Tortelier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petachiah_of_Regensburg=Petachiah di Ratisbona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Spikings=Barry Spikings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_E._Kaufman=William Kaufman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolus_Sigonius=Carlo Sigonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Othmar_Karas=Othmar Karas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Hepworth=Cecil Hepworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Lefort=François Lefort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Jory=Victor Jory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhanna_Prokhorenko=Žanna Prochorenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siti_Nurhaliza=Siti Nurhaliza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Brueggemann=Walter Brueggemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Maurin=Peter Maurin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Chaplin,_Jr.=Charles Chaplin Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butvydas=Butvydas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Fassbaender=Brigitte Fassbaender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Farmer=Bill Farmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Harary=Frank Harary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Hilleman=Maurice Hilleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euzhan_Palcy=Euzhan Palcy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bille_Woodruff=Bille Woodruff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genelle_Williams=Genelle Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adeline_Gen%C3%A9e=Adeline Genée
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Mathis=Samantha Mathis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Bang=Nina Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shag_(artist)=Shag (artista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Schweitzer_(businessman)=Louis Schweitzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Razafindratandra=Armand Gaétan Razafindratandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignatius_Moses_I_Daoud=Ignazio Mosé I Daoud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demetrius_I_Starshy=Demetrio I Staršij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Herbj%C3%B8rnsrud=Hans Herbjørnsrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernab%C3%B2_Visconti=Bernabò Visconti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sui_Feifei=Sui Feifei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Feigl=Herbert Feigl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B3zef_Elsner=Józef Elsner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dietrich_von_Hildebrand=Dietrich von Hildebrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Loredan=Leonardo Loredan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaume_Bartumeu=Jaume Bartumeu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holden_Roberto=Holden Roberto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Mary_Wroth=Mary Wroth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Holliman=Earl Holliman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Webb_(author)=Charles Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Robert_Cozens=John Robert Cozens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Posada_Carriles=Luis Posada Carriles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahiro_Maeda=Mahiro Maeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Kurtz=Gary Kurtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_B%C3%A9jarano=Esther Béjarano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torii_Mototada=Torii Mototada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Zappa=Francesco Zappa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelli_Garner=Kelli Garner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehel=Lehel (condottiero)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bessie_Head=Bessie Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Panufnik=Andrzej Panufnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naji_Hakim=Naji Hakim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raelene_Boyle=Raelene Boyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jocelyne_LaGarde=Jocelyne LaGarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Karaji=Al-Karaji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bartlett_(explorer)=Robert Bartlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitja_Zastrow=Mitja Zastrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Blomfield=Reginald Blomfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_A._Colescott=James Colescott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerius_Romulus=Valerio Romolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hammerstein_Mintz=David Hammerstein Mintz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Kabat-Zinn=Jon Kabat-Zinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddi_Edwards=Paddi Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Edinger=Ludwig Edinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Messori=Vittorio Messori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gil_Bellows=Gil Bellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_J._Grant=Kenneth J. Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mashallah_ibn_Athari=Masha'allah ibn Athari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Pollock=Friedrich Pollock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Teixeira=Pedro de Teixeira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wells_Brown=William Wells Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vil%C3%A9m_Flusser=Vilém Flusser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Berlioz=Jacques Berlioz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh,_Count_of_Champagne=Ugo I di Champagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilda_Ziegler=Matilda Ziegler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacio_Agramonte=Ignacio Agramonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Hammer=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Engel=Carl Engel (musicista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Nelligan=Kate Nelligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italo_Montemezzi=Italo Montemezzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Klibansky=Raymond Klibansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiara_Lubich=Chiara Lubich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Joseph_Mouret=Jean-Joseph Mouret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horio_Yoshiharu=Horio Yoshiharu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horio_Tadaharu=Horio Tadaharu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horio_Tadauji=Horio Tadauji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D%C3%A9odat_de_S%C3%A9verac=Déodat de Séverac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmie_Angel=Jimmie Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Russell=Clive Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Wedgeworth=Ann Wedgeworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Paton_Walsh=Jill Paton Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Griffiths=Richard Griffiths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Long=Naomi Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Muddiman=John Muddiman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daya_Mata=Daya Mata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_du_Maurier=Gerald du Maurier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Thomson,_3rd_Baron_Thomson_of_Fleet=David Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lori_and_George_Schappell=Lori e George Schappell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Serafini=Luigi Serafini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergus_of_Galloway=Fergus di Galloway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Anson=Jay Anson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Herskovitz=Marshall Herskovitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Thomas_Erlewine=Stephen Thomas Erlewine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_in_the_Box_(Philadelphia)=Ragazzo nella scatola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakagawa_Kiyohide=Nakagawa Kiyohide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Jbara=Gregory Jbara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marisa_Berenson=Marisa Berenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanya_Baron=Fanja Baron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Gichtel=Johann Georg Gichtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Nicolson,_1st_Baron_Carnock=Arthur Nicolson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_de_Blaas=Eugenio de Blaas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_K%C3%B6ner=Thomas Köner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euphorion_of_Chalcis=Euforione di Calcide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Sulpicius_Gallus=Gaio Sulpicio Gallo (console 166 a.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_J._Selznick=Lewis J. Selznick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Bernardo=Mike Bernardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myron_Selznick=Myron Selznick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Dalrymple=Alexander Dalrymple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Herbert_Adler=Kurt Herbert Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritzi_Massary=Fritzi Massary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Berg%C3%A9=Pierre Bergé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Cunningham=Alexander Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eadric_Streona=Eadric Streona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gruffydd_ap_Rhys=Gruffydd ap Rhys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_de_Clare,_1st_Earl_of_Pembroke=Gilberto di Clare, I conte di Pembroke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alf_Engen=Alf Engen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadwallader_D._Colden=Cadwallader D. Colden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Sutton=Sarah Sutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Waterhouse=Matthew Waterhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Collins_(author)=Martin Cruz Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel_Rose_Willson=Laurel Rose Willson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Werner=Johann Werner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reu=Reu (Bibbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serug=Serug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schae_Harrison=Schae Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P%C3%ADo_Leyva=Pío Leyva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doris_Kearns_Goodwin=Doris Kearns Goodwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Buontalenti=Bernardo Buontalenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_McMahon=Brigitte McMahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Arpey=Gerard Arpey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magali_Messmer=Magali Messmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephan_Vuckovic=Stephan Vuckovic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascalina_Lehnert=Pascalina Lehnert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damien_Bodie=Damien Bodie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sianoa_Smit-McPhee=Sianoa Smit-McPhee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Stone_III=Charles Stone III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poul_Ruders=Poul Ruders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Welland=Colin Welland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacey_Turner=Lacey Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Quast=Philip Quast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Albright=Lola Albright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Stevens_(actor)=Craig Stevens (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stig_Blomqvist=Stig Blomqvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriarch_Pavle_of_Serbia=Pavle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leigh_Whannell=Leigh Whannell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikeda_Tsuneoki=Ikeda Tsuneoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuhisa_Ishii=Kazuhisa Ishii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzan_Anbeh=Suzan Anbeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Vane-Tempest-Stewart,_8th_Marquess_of_Londonderry=Robin Vane-Tempest-Stewart, VIII marchese di Londonderry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Jiawei=Li Jiawei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Cross=Roger R. Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudi_Carrell=Rudi Carrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashur-nirari_V=Assur-nirari V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashur-dan_III=Assur-dan III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamshi-Adad_V=Shamshi-Adad V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thubten_Choekyi_Nyima,_9th_Panchen_Lama=Thubten Chökyi Nyima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13th_Dalai_Lama=Thubten Gyatso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Luner=Jamie Luner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernanda_Torres=Fernanda Torres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Oberg=James Oberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Zeiger=Joanna Zeiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loretta_Harrop=Loretta Harrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Mouthon-Michellys=Isabelle Mouthon-Michellys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Hackett=Nicole Hackett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anja_Dittmer=Anja Dittmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvia_Gemignani=Silvia Gemignani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Williamson=Evelyn Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Overbye=Marie Overbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tukulti-Ninurta_II=Tukulti-Ninurta II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adad-nirari_II=Adad-nirari II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashur-dan_II=Assur-dan II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Montgomery=Carol Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Dillon=Michelle Dillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Stewart=Miles Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reto_Hug=Reto Hug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier_Marceau=Olivier Marceau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Lessing=Simon Lessing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Raelert=Andreas Raelert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Watson_(triathlete)=Craig Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leandro_Macedo=Leandro Macedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theresa_Rebeck=Theresa Rebeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Christophe_Guinchard=Jean-Christophe Guinchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eneko_Llanos=Eneko Llanos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Walton=Craig Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Bottoni=Alessandro Bottoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Robertson_(triathlete)=Peter Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_van_der_Linden=Erik van der Linden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Barel=Rob Barel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Looze=Dennis Looze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Johns_(triathlete)=Andrew Johns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Parker=Molly Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent_R._Weeks=Kent R. Weeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Clark=Sean Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Sane=Justin Sane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_McInnes=William McInnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Saiving=Valerie Saiving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Gard=Toby Gard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gian_Francesco_Albani=Giovanni Francesco Albani (1720-1803)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Taurog=Norman Taurog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._David_Peat=David Peat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina_Duarte=Regina Duarte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynaldo_Gianecchini=Reynaldo Gianecchini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodrigo_Santoro=Rodrigo Santoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Harrington=Mike Harrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_McShane=Michael McShane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appius_Claudius_Pulcher_(consul_212_BC)=Appio Claudio Pulcro (console 212 a.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appius_Claudius_Pulcher_(consul_79_BC)=Appio Claudio Pulcro (console 79 a.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Thion=Serge Thion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ty_Pennington=Ty Pennington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Callahan_(cartoonist)=John Callahan (fumettista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigurd_Haakonsson=Sigurðr Hákonarson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_White=Edmund White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olaf_Haraldsson_Geirstadalf=Óláfr Geirstaðaálfr Haraldsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Schmidt_(artist)=Peter Schmidt (artista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tryggve_Olafsson=Tryggvi Ólafsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Dickerson=Ernest Dickerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul-Louis_Couchoud=Paul-Louis Couchoud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berto_Lardera=Berto Lardera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus_Edwin_Dallin=Cyrus Edwin Dallin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldassare_Ferri=Baldassarre Ferri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Troilius=Samuel Troilius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrus_Torkilsson=Petrus Tyrgilli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uno_von_Troil=Uno von Troil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Waugh=Samuel Waugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Hughes_(writer)=Matt Hughes (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Sampson=Tony Sampson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kieran_Conry=Kieran Thomas Conry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Starrett=Charles Starrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Elliott_(curator)=David Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pellegrino_Rossi=Pellegrino Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_van_der_Goes=Hugo van der Goes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigurd_Syr=Sigurd Syr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudo_of_Saint-Quentin=Dudone di San Quintino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Parker=Andrea Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Manuel_de_C%C3%A9spedes=Carlos Manuel de Céspedes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Odling=William Odling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_Beronius=Magnus Beronius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Rodange=Michel Rodange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karijotas=Karijotas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haquin_Spegel=Haquin Spegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birger_Gregersson=Birger Gregersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Gerstl=Richard Gerstl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanna_Moakler=Shanna Moakler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshihiko_Seko=Toshihiko Seko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olov_Svebilius=Olov Svebilius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haakon_Ericsson=Håkon Eiriksson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Petrie=Donald Petrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Ayrault_Dodge=Theodore Ayrault Dodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Cochran_(TV_producer)=Robert Cochran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goichi_Suda=Gōichi Suda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranald_MacDonald=Ranald MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moriyama_Einosuke=Moriyama Einosuke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Magill_Conrad=Charles Magill Conrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakib_Arslan=Shekib Arslan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Grubb=Davis Grubb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Goldacre=Ben Goldacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Wilmore=Marc Wilmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Heysen=Hans Heysen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Rogen=Seth Rogen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horst_Janssen=Horst Janssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judd_Apatow=Judd Apatow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swoosie_Kurtz=Swoosie Kurtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Paling=Chris Paling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Guinness=Arthur Guinness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentius_Petri_Gothus=Laurentius Petri Gothus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tura_Satana=Tura Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasile_Milea=Vasile Milea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_de_Mol,_Jr.=John de Mol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul-Jean_Toulet=Paul-Jean Toulet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Hill=Susan Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Albertini=Gabriele Albertini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Andria=Alfonso Andria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberta_Angelilli=Roberta Angelilli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conchita_Superv%C3%ADa=Conchita Supervía
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Antoniozzi=Alfredo Antoniozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolfo_Scilingo=Adolfo Scilingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyle_R._Wheeler=Lyle R. Wheeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Metcalf=Mark Metcalf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Bonsignore=Vito Bonsignore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frieda_Brepoels=Frieda Brepoels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%A1chym_Topol=Jáchym Topol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Cesa=Lorenzo Cesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Elam=Jack Elam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Oxenford=John Oxenford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_De_Poli=Antonio De Poli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koenraad_Dillen=Koenraad Dillen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armando_Dionisi=Armando Dionisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Foglietta=Alessandro Foglietta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jas_Gawronski=Jas Gawronski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Rettig=Tommy Rettig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hierocles_(charioteer)=Ierocle (auriga)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Mantovani=Mario Mantovani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Davis_(composer)=Don Davis (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Holsapple=Peter Holsapple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Rapacki=Adam Rapacki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11th_Dalai_Lama=Khendrup Gyatso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archambaud_VIII_of_Bourbon=Arcimbaldo VIII di Borbone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Rich_(theatre_manager)=Christopher Rich (impresario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jocelyn_Lane=Jocelyn Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Lowell=Scott Lowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Ali_ibn_al-'Abbas_al-Majusi=Ali ibn Abbas al-Majusi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Marius_the_Younger=Gaio Mario il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Marcius_Philippus_(consul_56_BC)=Lucio Marcio Filippo (console 56 a.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristiana_Muscardini=Cristiana Muscardini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasqualina_Napoletano=Pasqualina Napoletano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umberto_Pirilli=Umberto Pirilli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapo_Pistelli=Lapo Pistelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianni_Pittella=Gianni Pittella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Rizzo=Marco Rizzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Sacconi=Guido Sacconi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Schuth=Willem Schuth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Klossowski=Erich Klossowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Sterckx=Dirk Sterckx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristius_Fuscus=Aristio Fusco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margo_Harshman=Margo Harshman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Stubb=Alexander Stubb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Truax=Barry Truax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jens-Peter_Bonde=Jens-Peter Bonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulietto_Chiesa=Giulietto Chiesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenda_Vaccaro=Brenda Vaccaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camillo_Agrippa=Camillo Agrippa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Shirvington=Matt Shirvington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Sanguszko=Roman Stanisław Sanguszko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Edson=Richard Edson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustachy_Erazm_Sanguszko=Eustachy Erazm Sanguszko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly_J._Brown=Kimberly Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Uggams=Leslie Uggams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Payne_(actor)=John Payne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmo_Hamilton=Cosmo Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Schultzberg=Robert Schultzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Angermannus=Abraham Angermannus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathieu_Grosch=Mathieu Grosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Langendries=Raymond Langendries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Meyer_Pleite=Willy Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_Romagnoli=Luca Romagnoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Musotto=Francesco Musotto (politico 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luciana_Sbarbati=Luciana Sbarbati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Launder=Frank Launder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Tarabella=Marc Tarabella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvatore_Tatarella=Salvatore Tatarella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Burchard=Johannes Burckardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riccardo_Ventre=Riccardo Ventre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcello_Vernola=Marcello Vernola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Ludovico_Gotti=Vincenzo Ludovico Gotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marta_Vincenzi=Marta Vincenzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henning_Christophersen=Henning Christophersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Crean_(explorer)=Tom Crean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Llewelyn_Davies=Sylvia Llewelyn Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Robertson_Justice=James Robertson Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Morton_Dunlop=Douglas Morton Dunlop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welf_I=Guelfo I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Throckmorton=Francis Throckmorton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Sazonov=Sergej Dmitrievič Sazonov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lamsdorf=Vladimir Nikolaevič Lamsdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edvard_Rusjan=Eduardo Rusjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumio_Niwa=Fumio Niwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Fox=Megan Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanna_Leigh=Suzanna Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Willis=Ellen Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Tyszkiewicz=Anna Tyszkiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apolonia_Ustrzycka=Apolonia Ustrzycka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Silvio_Passionei=Domenico Silvio Passionei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandma_Gatewood=Emma Gatewood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Palacio=Alfredo Palacio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rukmini_Devi_Arundale=Rukmini Devi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_van_Ruysbroeck_(architect)=Jan van Ruysbroeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilia_Fox=Emilia Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Clark_(bishop)=Howard Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zandra_Rhodes=Zandra Rhodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Silverman=Jonathan Silverman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristodemus_of_Sparta=Aristodemo di Sparta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenia_Charles=Eugenia Charles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gennaro_Rubino=Gennaro Rubino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camryn_Grimes=Camryn Grimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bexley=Don Bexley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Fridrich=Jessica Fridrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaun_Benson=Shaun Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Clifton=Scott Clifton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12th_Dalai_Lama=Trinle Gyatso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindze_Letherman=Lindze Letherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacio_Serricchio=Ignacio Serricchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiwetel_Ejiofor=Chiwetel Ejiofor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Erdman=Paul Erdman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Tobin_Anderson=M.T. Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_McNally=Stephen McNally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Monette=Paul Monette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ker,_3rd_Duke_of_Roxburghe=John Ker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henric_Benzelius=Henrik Benzelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergus_Suter=Fergus Suter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_IV,_Duke_of_Anjou=Carlo V d'Angiò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Steuchius=Johannes Steuchius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Richard_Gott=John Richard Gott III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Nissl=Franz Nissl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Raab=Kurt Raab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Ireland=Jill Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Heraclas_of_Alexandria=Eraclio di Alessandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Dionysius_of_Alexandria=Dionisio di Alessandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Maximus_of_Alexandria=Massimo di Alessandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikoma_Chikamasa=Ikoma Chikamasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Timothy_II_of_Alexandria=Timoteo II di Alessandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Athanasius_II_of_Alexandria=Atanasio II di Alessandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Albert_Smith_(film_pioneer)=George Albert Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lev_Oborin=Lev Nikolaevič Oborin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Skempton=Howard Skempton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_McGovern_(actor)=Terence McGovern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Levene=Sam Levene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Ladenburg=Albert Ladenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millie_Perkins=Millie Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Welch_(actor)=Michael Welch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunno_Dahlstierna=Gunno Eurelius Dahlstierna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olof_von_Dalin=Olof von Dalin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clairvius_Narcisse=Clairvius Narcisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Lynch=Kelly Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Hulbert=Jack Hulbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._W._F._Edwards=Anthony William Fairbank Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filoimea_Telito=Filoimea Telito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Shaw_Weaver=Harriet Shaw Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smokey_Yunick=Henry Yunick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Tobolowsky=Stephen Tobolowsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Goodman=Jerry Goodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Lobkovskaya=Nina Alekseevna Lobkovskaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaroslav_Pelikan=Jaroslav Pelikan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naubakht=Naubakht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owain_Goch_ap_Gruffydd=Owain Goch ap Gruffydd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Hunthausen=Raymond Gerhardt Hunthausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_O'Dell=Nancy O'Dell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Belain_d'Esnambuc=Pierre Belain d'Esnambuc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grigori_Sokolnikov=Grigorij Jakovlevič Sokol'nikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_of_Majorca=Ferdinando d'Aragona (1278-1316)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duane_Michals=Duane Michals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushyar_Gilani=Kushyar ibn Labban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tato=Tatone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Benedict_XIII=Antipapa Benedetto XIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balraj_Sahni=Balraj Sahni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_McCartney=Jesse McCartney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heathcote_Williams=Heathcote Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_Olai_Bothniensis=Nicolaus Olai Bothniensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrus_Kenicius=Petrus Kenicius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fausto_dos_Santos=Fausto dos Santos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina_Prince-Bythewood=Gina Prince-Bythewood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmas_of_Prague=Cosma Praghese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Alyabyev=Aleksandr Aleksandrovič Aljab'ev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Townsend_(actor)=Robert Townsend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_S._Dutton=Charles S. Dutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Mulder_(politician)=Jan Mulder (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udo_Bullmann=Udo Bullmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelika_Niebler=Angelika Niebler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Schulz=Martin Schulz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfred_Weber=Manfred Weber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erick_Avari=Erick Avari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Molinari=Guy Molinari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busir=Busir (Khazaria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Routh=Brandon Routh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Glaum=Louise Glaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Ludwik_Czartoryski=Adam Ludwik Czartoryski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Falana=Lola Falana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juli%C3%A1n_Carrillo=Julián Carrillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Poletti_(mathematician)=Luigi Poletti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arshad_Warsi=Arshad Warsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Shroff=Jackie Shroff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Lancaster=Martin Lancaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Touraine=Alain Touraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Ferrata=Domenico Ferrata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yodo-dono=Yodogimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Kaas=Ludwig Kaas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poul_Nielson=Poul Nielson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Landesberg=Steve Landesberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendan_Fehr=Brendan Fehr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Feuerstein=Georg Feuerstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurelio_Peccei=Aurelio Peccei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feroze_Khan_(field_hockey)=Feroze Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Windom_(actor)=William Windom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Horan=Monica Horan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_von_Opel=Wilhelm von Opel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masawaiyh=Yuhanna ibn Masawayh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Opel=Adam Opel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacquelyn_Mayer=Jacquelyn Mayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Baruchel=Jay Baruchel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Nayrizi=Al-Nayrizi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanislav_Ianevski=Stanislav Janevski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albubather=Albubather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinda_Dillon=Melinda Dillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Rosenmeyer=Grant Rosenmeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erastus_Snow=Erastus Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfred_Trenz=Manfred Trenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gia_Scala=Gia Scala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Major=Norma Major
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly_Peirce=Kimberly Peirce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alistair_Horne=Alistair Horne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9th_Dalai_Lama=Lungtok Gyatso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8th_Dalai_Lama=Jampel Gyatso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler_Perry=Tyler Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7th_Dalai_Lama=Kelzang Gyatso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hughes_(artist)=Arthur Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Ratzinger_(politician)=Georg Ratzinger (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Alexander_Heideloff=Carl Alexander Heideloff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hoffman_(science_writer)=Paul Hoffman (divulgatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miko_Hughes=Miko Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grigory_Langsdorff=Georg Heinrich von Langsdorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Sanderson=William Sanderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sol_Star=Sol Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Bennett_(British_actress)=Jill Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Blavet=Michel Blavet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Seppala=Leonhard Seppala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Amari=Michele Amari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Amberger=Christoph Amberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vince_Edwards=Vince Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_O'Brien=Dan O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebaioth=Nebaioth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H%C3%A9rcules_Florence=Hércules Florence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_Bachar=Dian Bachar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew,_Count_of_Foix=Matteo di Foix-Béarn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernanda_Ribeiro=Fernanda Ribeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qiu_Chuji=Qiu Chuji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Curran_(theologian)=Charles E. Curran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Mayle=Peter Mayle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_R._McGann=John Raymond McGann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyu_Irino=Miyu Irino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Kok=Ada Kok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaetano_Moroni=Gaetano Moroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Bolden=Elizabeth Bolden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Purishkevich=Vladimir Mitrofanovič Puriškevič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Quezon=Aurora Quezón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%A9rard_Genette=Gérard Genette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Francks=Don Francks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Lovejoy=Frank Lovejoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vibius_Sequester=Vibio Sequestre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Harlan=Russell Harlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Bonnot_de_Mably=Gabriel Bonnot de Mably
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Paget,_1st_Earl_of_Uxbridge_(second_creation)=Henry Paget, I conte di Uxbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Ballerini=Luigi Ballerini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Mulligan=Robert Mulligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Martin-Harvey=John Martin-Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Brown_(bridge_designer)=William Brown (ingegnere)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferenc_D%C3%A1vid=Ferenc Dávid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Bautista_Ceballos=Juan Bautista Ceballos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gesualdo_Bufalino=Gesualdo Bufalino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_LaVorgna=Adam LaVorgna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Clotworthy,_1st_Viscount_Massereene=John Clotworthy, I visconte di Massereene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Fleming_(poet)=Paul Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Gavarni=Paul Gavarni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Butler=Josephine Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Wimmer=Kurt Wimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Carmen=Eric Carmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iben_Hjejle=Iben Hjejle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Clapham=John Harold Clapham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Fleeshman=Richard Fleeshman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Krause=Brian Krause
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Atkins=Christopher Atkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Pelikan=Lisa Pelikan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Avitabile=Paolo Avitabile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Ventura=Rubino Ventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Pietz=Amy Pietz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subhash_Ghai=Subhash Ghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjay_Leela_Bhansali=Sanjay Leela Bhansali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randal_Kleiser=Randal Kleiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Lester=Mark Lester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Murphy_(actor)=Michael Murphy (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Nucci=Danny Nucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Hardy=Tom Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Conches=Guglielmo di Conches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide,_Abbess_of_Vilich=Adelaide di Vilich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Rosanoff=Aaron Rosanoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Alnwick=Guglielmo di Alnwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Reinsdorf=Jerry Reinsdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karel_Traxler=Karel Traxler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Charousek=Rudolf Charousek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Yasbeck=Amy Yasbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omri_Katz=Omri Katz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Adair=Gilbert Adair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillip_Glasser=Phillip Glasser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_D'Arrigo=Stefano D'Arrigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Brodie_(actor)=Steve Brodie (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphus_VIII,_Count_of_Holstein=Adolfo VIII di Schaumburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dern=George Henry Dern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathias_Steuchius=Mattias Steuchius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fania_Marinoff=Fania Marinoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Wareheim=Eric Wareheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusty_Cundieff=Rusty Cundieff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ridley=John Ridley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Roberts=Roy Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_R%C3%BChmann=Heinz Rühmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly_Page=Kimberly Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Greer=Jane Greer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Regis=David Regis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Bourgeois=Derek Bourgeois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Axelsson_Lindblom=Jacob Axelsson Lindblom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert,_Count_of_Brionne=Gilberto di Brionne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erland_Van_Lidth_De_Jeude=Erland Van Lidth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Ammonio=Andrea Della Rena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_P._Cosmatos=George Pan Cosmatos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garcia_de_Orta=Garcia de Orta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_S%C3%A1nchez_Ferlosio=Rafael Sánchez Ferlosio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Emilio_Pacheco=José Emilio Pacheco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reyner_Banham=Reyner Banham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Henry_Davies=John Henry Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Gibson=James William Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89mile_Deschamps=Émile Deschamps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Stuart_Phelps_Ward=Elizabeth Stuart Phelps Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89douard_Drouyn_de_Lhuys=Édouard Drouyn de Lhuys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumer_Willis=Rumer Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melora_Hardin=Melora Hardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Robertson_(historian)=William Robertson (storico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Day_Stewart=Douglas Day Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_De_Vere_Stacpoole=Henry De Vere Stacpoole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Cooper=Jeanne Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Knowlton=Thomas Knowlton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_McClure=Doug McClure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Gabel=Martin Gabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Grauman=Sid Grauman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_A._Lynch=Kevin Andrew Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdi_Sabit_Soyer=Ferdi Sabit Soyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Foreman_(actress)=Amanda Foreman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Robbins=Royal Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvie_Daigle=Sylvie Daigle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Balliett=Blue Balliett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margot_Frank=Margot Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Battilocchio=Alessandro Battilocchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pia_Locatelli=Pia Locatelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Reinfeld=Fred Reinfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Becker=Oskar Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Bossi=Giuseppe Bossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_Mozart=Anna Maria Pertl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Fleming=Nancy Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Giuseppe_Guglielmo_Botta=Carlo Botta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wilhelm_Meigen=Johann Wilhelm Meigen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuzma_Minin=Kuz'ma Minin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_Vestricius_Spurinna=Vestricio Spurinna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_von_Essen=Max von Essen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Burtka=David Burtka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Fava=Claudio Fava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentius_Paulinus_Gothus=Laurentius Paulinus Gothus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Van_der_Roost=Jan Van der Roost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Canuti_Lenaeus=Johannes Canuti Lenaeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Busa=Roberto Busa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristen_Johnston=Kristen Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoni_Grabowski=Antoni Grabowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilgot_Sj%C3%B6man=Vilgot Sjöman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Chemnitz=Martin Chemnitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_de_Brinvilliers=Marie-Madeleine d'Aubray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Egan_(actor)=Richard Egan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc-Th%C3%A9odore_Bourrit=Marc-Théodore Bourrit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_von_Benedek=Ludwig von Benedek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Licinius_Crassus=Lucio Licinio Crasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Carey,_1st_Earl_of_Monmouth=Robert Carey, I conte di Monmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Bischof=Gustav Bischof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Gustav_Carus=Carl Gustav Carus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_VI_of_Georgia=Giorgio VI di Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Oliver=Susan Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vakhtang_III_of_Georgia=Vakhtang III di Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Perls=Laura Perls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Gargilius_Martialis=Quinto Gargilio Marziale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Farrelly=Frank Farrelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Henry_Stanhope,_4th_Earl_Stanhope=Philip Henry Stanhope, IV conte di Stanhope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Crescentini=Girolamo Crescentini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Driscoll=Jim Driscoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dacoury=Richard Dacoury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Stigzelius=Lars Stigzelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Baazius_the_younger=Johan Baazius il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatsuya_Nakadai=Tatsuya Nakadai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Ruiz=Samuel Ruiz García
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_of_Nordheim=Ottone di Northeim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silas_Carson=Silas Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Canisius=Pietro Canisio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Fredrik_Mennander=Karl Fredrik Mennander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Aaron_Rawlins=John Aaron Rawlins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Donald_Cameron=James Donald Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Garrel=Louis Garrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Garrel=Philippe Garrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_William_Marshall=James William Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Kristensen_(poet)=Tom Kristensen (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_M%C3%B6lzer=Andreas Mölzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annemie_Neyts-Uyttebroeck=Annemie Neyts-Uyttebroeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Benioff=David Benioff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Agnoletto=Vittorio Agnoletto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Bonneville=Hugh Bonneville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Teichmann=Richard Teichmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wincott=Michael Wincott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Philipp_von_Sch%C3%B6nborn=Johann Philipp von Schönborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nello_Musumeci=Nello Musumeci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esteban_Canal=Esteban Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lothar_Franz_von_Sch%C3%B6nborn=Franz Lothar von Schönborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Speroni=Francesco Speroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Karl_von_Sch%C3%B6nborn=Friedrich Karl von Schönborn-Buchheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexa_Havins=Alexa Havins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Frauenlob=Heinrich von Meißen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustace_Chapuys=Eustace Chapuys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Le_Picq=Charles Le Picq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldobrandesca=Alda di Siena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Smith=Morton Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Whitney_(computer_scientist)=Arthur Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ohsawa=Georges Ohsawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agust%C3%ADn_Gamarra=Agustín Gamarra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspar_Cassad%C3%B3=Gaspar Cassadó
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Tomasello=Michael Tomasello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Zahradil=Jan Zahradil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luc_de_Clapiers,_marquis_de_Vauvenargues=Luc de Clapiers de Vauvenargues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Gundlach=Juan Gundlach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Stanley,_Countess_of_Castlehaven=Anna Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Moritz_Rugendas=Johann Moritz Rugendas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Morrow=Rob Morrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mbaye_Diagne=Mbaye Diagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Hooks=Kevin Hooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darnell_Martin=Darnell Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Fatuzzo=Carlo Fatuzzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Cosmas_I_of_Alexandria=Cosma I di Alessandria (copto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayesha_Takia=Ayesha Takia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Shaughnessy,_1st_Baron_Shaughnessy=Thomas Shaughnessy, I barone Shaughnessy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Castiglione_(politician)=Giuseppe Castiglione (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giusto_Catania=Giusto Catania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Pelletier=Wilfrid Pelletier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Allison=Dale Allison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Blake_(director)=Andrew Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romano_Maria_la_Russa=Romano Maria La Russa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Graf_Lambsdorff=Alexander Graf Lambsdorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vondie_Curtis-Hall=Vondie Curtis-Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Busquin=Philippe Busquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wakley=Thomas Wakley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janusz_Wojciechowski=Janusz Wojciechowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmuth_Markov=Helmuth Markov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoda_Kotb=Hoda Kotb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne-Gabriel_Morelly=Étienne-Gabriel Morelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Greenwell=William Greenwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_McBurney_(archaeologist)=Charles McBurney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmet_Fox=Emmet Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harald_Hudak=Harald Hudak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Lister=Anne Lister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_of_Armenia,_Princess_of_Tyre=Isabella d'Armenia e Tiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Lynley=Carol Lynley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmut_Bakaitis=Helmut Bakaitis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignaz_Friedman=Ignaz Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Witherspoon_(actor)=John Witherspoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Kozak=Dmitrij Nikolaevič Kozak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yevgeny_Leonov=Evgenij Pavlovič Leonov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Mironov_(actor)=Andrej Aleksandrovič Mironov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Nikulin=Jurij Vladimirovič Nikulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Phelps_Eno=William Phelps Eno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilton_Daniel_Gregory=Wilton Daniel Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Flint=Carol Flint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Eltahawy=Mona Eltahawy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Bey_al-Abbasi=Ali Bey al-Abbasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaerephon=Cherefonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Colasanto=Nicholas Colasanto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Grieco=Richard Grieco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gojong_of_Goryeo=Gojong di Goryeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Fran%C3%A7ois_Doyen=Gabriel-François Doyen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_al-Badawi=Ahmad al-Badawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles-Andr%C3%A9_van_Loo=Charles-André van Loo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svend_Asmussen=Svend Asmussen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattia_Sbragia=Mattia Sbragia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Riley_(actor)=Jack Riley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Cahill=Eddie Cahill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adaeus=Adeo di Macedonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_van_Loo=Jean-Baptiste van Loo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentin_Mankin=Valentin Mankin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margrethe_Vestager=Margrethe Vestager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anusapati=Anusapati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Boff=Leonardo Boff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Elsbett=Ludwig Elsbett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalie_Gicanda=Rosalie Gicanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Grassle=Karen Grassle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakti_Kapoor=Shakti Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacy_Dragila=Stacy Dragila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Leterrier=Louis Leterrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_Naji_al-Otari=Muhammad Naji al-Otari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Anderson_(sportscaster)=John Anderson (giornalista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Bullock=Seth Bullock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alois_Eli%C3%A1%C5%A1=Alois Eliáš
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Howard_(historian)=Michael Howard (storico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Danilevsky=Nikolaj Jakovlevič Danilevskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Russell_(author)=Sean Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Parker=Nicole Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Boleslavsky=Isaak Jefremovyč Boleslavs'kyj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Wilson=Grant Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Hawes=Jason Hawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Herlie=Eileen Herlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorie_Graham=Jorie Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Thompson_(actress)=Linda Thompson (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmine_Coppola=Carmine Coppola (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Hartley=Wallace Hartley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucia_Joyce=Lucia Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theispas=Theispas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demetrius_the_Fair=Demetrio il Bello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skip_Williams=Skip Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Naschy=Paul Naschy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johanna_Budwig=Dieta Budwig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achaemenes_(satrap)=Achemene (satrapo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Cortese=Dan Cortese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marta_Abba=Marta Abba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khadja_Nin=Khadja Nin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_R%C3%BCdin=Ernst Rüdin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lansford_Hastings=Lansford Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dona_Bailey=Dona Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_John_Schaefer=Gerard John Schaefer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Gioachino_Belli=Giuseppe Gioachino Belli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Sinden=Donald Sinden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodhiruci=Bodhiruci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuele_Nicosia=Emanuele Nicosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Adams_(wrestler)=Brian Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahmud_Nedim_Pasha=Mahmud Nedim Pascià
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Gonzales=Manuel Gonzales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Proft=Pat Proft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_Landis=Forrest Landis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evander_M._Law=Evander Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Engelberger=Joseph Engelberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Whitaker=Nick Whitaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_James_Lyall=Charles James Lyall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina_Jonas=Regina Jonas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kari_Wahlgren=Kari Wahlgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Koechlin=Charles Koechlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Clay_Payne=Henry Clay Payne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Mikhaylovich_Zaytsev=Aleksandr Michajlovič Zajcev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aulis_Sallinen=Aulis Sallinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semyon_Alapin=Semën Zinov'evič Alapin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Caouette=Jonathan Caouette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Hudson=Hugh Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Bisguier=Arthur Bisguier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Eden=Harry Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_North=Alan North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Bibliander=Bibliander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Lina_White=Ethel Lina White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Gordon-Levitt=Joseph Gordon-Levitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Belle=David Belle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enguerrand_VII,_Lord_of_Coucy=Enguerrand VII di Coucy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Rachins=Alan Rachins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Cabasilas=Nicola Cabasila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fern%C3%A1n_Caballero=Fernán Caballero (scrittrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Cernuschi=Enrico Cernuschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Guti%C3%A9rrez_de_Padilla=Juan Gutiérrez de Padilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Ferguson_(voice_actor)=Keith Ferguson (doppiatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Kane=Tom Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Marquette=Sean Marquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Botero=Giovanni Botero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrietta_Edwards=Henrietta Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Parlby=Irene Parlby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Mackay_(anti-drugs_campaigner)=Donald Mackay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_van_Loo=Jacob van Loo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cephisodotus_the_Elder=Cefisodoto il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theo_Jansen=Theo Jansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeno_of_Tarsus=Zenone di Tarso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Goldberg=Leonard Goldberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katia_Ricciarelli=Katia Ricciarelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Abrahams=Gerald Abrahams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Fran%C3%A7ois_Regnard=Jean-François Regnard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debra_Wilson=Debra Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_W%C3%B6lfl=Joseph Wölfl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Krasker=Robert Krasker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Properzia_de'_Rossi=Properzia de' Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welser=Welser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ho_Feng-Shan=Ho Feng Shan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Evans=Guy Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Dale=Cynthia Dale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Dale=Jennifer Dale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zack_Shada=Zack Shada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dyce=William Dyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finn_Kalvik=Finn Kalvik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ged=William Ged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gifford_Palgrave=Gifford Palgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Hirschhorn=Philippe Hirschhorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrik_Frederik_Gyldenl%C3%B8ve=Ulrik Frederik Gyldenløve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Anderson_(judge)=Edmund Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Andral=Gabriel Andral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Andr%C3%A9ossy=François Andreossy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anand_Tucker=Anand Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Korsmo=Charlie Korsmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Windham=William Windham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalinda_Celentano=Rosalinda Celentano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Stuart=Katie Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Andersdatter=Karen Andersdatter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Reinking=Ann Reinking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Milloy=Steven Milloy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_P._Matthews=Francis P. Matthews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Colomby=Bobby Colomby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Gray=Bruce Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Brenon=Herbert Brenon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Wilde=Ted Wilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Boon=Ed Boon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Herseth=Adolph Herseth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Fern%C3%A1ndez_Retamar=Roberto Fernández Retamar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Nedbal=Oskar Nedbal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Loughery=Jackie Loughery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marissa_Jaret_Winokur=Marissa Jaret Winokur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibrahim_Bey_(Mamluk)=Ibrahim Bey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Safra=Edmond Safra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_Manning=Katy Manning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Palma_di_Cesnola=Alessandro Palma di Cesnola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Stuck=Franz von Stuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Halpin=Luke Halpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_d'Armagnac,_Duke_of_Nemours=Jacques d'Armagnac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques,_Duke_of_Nemours=Giacomo di Savoia-Nemours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_I,_Duke_of_Nemours=Enrico I di Savoia-Nemours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Emmanuel,_Duke_of_Nemours=Carlo Emanuele di Savoia-Nemours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikki_Reed=Nikki Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Edwards=Martin Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teodor_Narbutt=Teodor Narbutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_of_Valois-Saint-R%C3%A9my=Jeanne de Saint-Rémy de Valois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arata_Isozaki=Arata Isozaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geri_Jewell=Geri Jewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_IV,_Landgrave_of_Hesse-Kassel=Guglielmo IV d'Assia-Kassel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Schmeisser=Hugo Schmeisser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Tamiia_Poitier=Sydney Tamiia Poitier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Daggs_III=Percy Daggs III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Dunn=Teddy Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Dohring=Jason Dohring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Wilhelm_von_Dohm=Christian Wilhelm von Dohm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Frances_Alexander=Cecil Frances Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gualdim_Pais=Gualdim Pais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldemar_Rosenberger=Waldemar Rosenberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Robson=Mark Robson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Ashwell=Thomas Ashwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Ottokar_von_Czernin=Ottokar Czernin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_von_Hazzi=Joseph von Hazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Zacuto=Abraham Zacuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_le_Coq=Robert Le Coq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeda_Nobutora=Takeda Nobutora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Barnes_(cinematographer)=George Barnes (direttore della fotografia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Kleban=Edward Kleban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Huntington=George Huntington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bu_Xiangzhi=Bu Xiangzhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oda_Nobutada=Oda Nobutada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laz_Alonso=Laz Alonso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Pick=Albert Pick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_C._deMille=William C. deMille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Sirin=Abu Bakr Muhammad ibn Sirin al-Ansari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Ribeiro=Alfonso Ribeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Greenslade=Arthur Greenslade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Farnese_(cardinal)=Alessandro Farnese il Giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmund_Bopearachchi=Osmund Bopearachchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Michel_van_Loo=Louis-Michel van Loo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Zwartendijk=Jan Zwartendijk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gilling=John Gilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles-Am%C3%A9d%C3%A9e-Philippe_van_Loo=Charles-Amédée-Philippe van Loo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_III,_Count_of_Flanders=Baldovino III di Fiandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolores_Hart=Dolores Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clemens_Krauss=Clemens Krauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yotaro_Kobayashi=Yōtarō Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Baudo=Serge Baudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._R._F._Keating=H. R. F. Keating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Rigaudeau=Antoine Rigaudeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_L._Mora=Jim L. Mora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Smith_(designer)=Martin Smith (designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julianne_Nicholson=Julianne Nicholson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Seume=Johann Gottfried Seume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Comparetti=Domenico Comparetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon-Erik_Hexum=Jon-Erik Hexum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isidor_Kaufmann=Isidor Kaufmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Magnol=Pierre Magnol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasumasa_Morimura=Yasumasa Morimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Sharkey=Ray Sharkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Shnaider=Alex Shnaider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Monaghan=Cameron Monaghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorma_Panula=Jorma Panula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Cochrane=Josephine Cochrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Kanaly=Steve Kanaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheree_J._Wilson=Sheree J. Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Johnson_(English_composer)=Robert Johnson (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Sheridan_(actor)=Dave Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Travaglio=Marco Travaglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyssa_Diaz=Alyssa Diaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Stanton=Andrew Stanton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_d'Escoto_Brockmann=Miguel d'Escoto Brockmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Baxter_MacMillan=Donald Baxter MacMillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malyuta_Skuratov=Maljuta Skuratov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Leonhardt=Gustav Leonhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Cerveris=Michael Cerveris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%BCnther_Bornkamm=Günther Bornkamm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Riverstone_McCulloch=Alan Riverstone McCulloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_MacGowran=Jack MacGowran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Hardwicke=Catherine Hardwicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amleto_Vespa=Amleto Vespa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Richard=Pierre Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehsan_Yarshater=Ehsan Yarshater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lelex=Lelego (re di Laconia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Pontecorvo=Bruno Pontecorvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Joubert_(illustrator)=Pierre Joubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Zamoyski=Andrzej Hieronim Zamoyski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaime_de_Marichalar=Jaime de Marichalar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppina_Strepponi=Giuseppina Strepponi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jang_Seung-eop=Jang Seung-eop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Mack_Berry=Connie Berry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Fran%C3%A7ois_S%C3%A9guier=Jean-François Séguier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Travers=Peter Travers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_de_Nebrija=Antonio de Nebrija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caterina_Sforza=Caterina Sforza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Sgambati=Giovanni Sgambati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Mashburn=Jesse Mashburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Settembrini=Luigi Settembrini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_de_Sanctis=Francesco De Sanctis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Paschal_III=Antipapa Pasquale III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Cramer=Joey Cramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiley_Wiggins=Wiley Wiggins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Hagerty=Julie Hagerty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89mile_Henry_(anarchist)=Émile Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F%C3%A9licien_David=Félicien David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_de_Herrera=Fernando de Herrera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Herrera_the_Elder=Francisco Herrera il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meleager_(king)=Meleagro (re)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Doyle_(actor)=David Doyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radu_Florescu=Radu Florescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_B._Wesson=Daniel Wesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Smith_(inventor)=Horace Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Wolf=Konrad Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Faraj_al-Libbi=Abu Faraj al-Libi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Mosse=Albert Mosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cindy_Morgan=Cindy Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Ziereis=Franz Ziereis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eusebius_of_Emesa=Eusebio di Emesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabitha_Babbitt=Tabitha Babbitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Summerson=John Summerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Charles=Larry Charles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Kabor%C3%A9=Gaston Kaboré
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Salt_(Egyptologist)=Henry Salt (egittologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garry_O'Connor=Garry O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Robertson=Dale Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Daniell=Thomas Daniell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois-Andr%C3%A9_Vincent=François-André Vincent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eraric=Erarico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Lorne=Marion Lorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Teresa_De_Keersmaeker=Anne Teresa De Keersmaeker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobies%C5%82aw_Zasada=Sobiesław Zasada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Paine_(architect)=James Paine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Blackman=Joan Blackman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billie_Dove=Billie Dove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kertzer=David Kertzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Lynas=Mark Lynas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Evslin=Bernard Evslin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H%C3%A9ctor_Babenco=Héctor Babenco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernand_Labori=Fernand Labori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Piacenza=Mario Piacenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuki_Kaida=Yuki Kaida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillermo_Billinghurst=Guillermo Billinghurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Wright=Franz Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Krasinski=John Krasinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Pollock=Craig Pollock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_L._Rubenstein=Richard Rubenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Bassano_the_Younger=Francesco Bassano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Jaldaki=Aydamir al-Jildaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Dunbar=Dorothy Dunbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon_Klein=Gideon Klein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_Elssler=Fanny Elssler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Mottl=Felix Mottl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Bardin_Galsky=Melissa Bardin Galsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Ellis=Ruth Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Sacchetti=Franco Sacchetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anneke_Wills=Anneke Wills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pothinus=Potino (consigliere)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiji_Aonuma=Eiji Aonuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Craze=Michael Craze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Lane_(actress)=Jackie Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilse_Aichinger=Ilse Aichinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neve_McIntosh=Neve McIntosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Maule-Ramsay,_11th_Earl_of_Dalhousie=Fox Maule-Ramsay, XI conte di Dalhousie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Giocondo=Giovanni Giocondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Pfeffer=Fritz Pfeffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Adams_(actress)=Jane Adams (attrice 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Baptist_Wanhal=Jan Křtitel Vaňhal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Mart%C3%ADnez_Ruiz=Azorín
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadiq_Khan=Sadiq Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Reardon=Jim Reardon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Crow=Piccolo Corvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Audley=Eleanor Audley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Clayton_(Mormon)=William Clayton (presbitero)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Pinkava=Jan Pinkava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Cecil=Charles Cecil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Savage=Rick Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me%C3%AFr_Aron_Goldschmidt=Meïr Aron Goldschmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Greene=Peter Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Constantius=Giulio Costanzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatiana_Maslany=Tatiana Maslany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roma_Downey=Roma Downey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Parka=La Parka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erika_Fuchs=Erika Fuchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Weber=Eugen Weber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erna_Flegel=Erna Flegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Jeanette=Joe Jeanette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Keaton=Josh Keaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Distler=Hugo Distler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Gilroy=Paul Gilroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Baumann_(writer)=Hans Baumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Canella=Ottone Canella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Danylovich=Roman Danilovič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Jasper=Herbert Jasper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiane_Luise_Amalie_Becker=Christiane Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Barberi=Katie Barberi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salah_Shehade=Salah Shahada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Witch_of_the_North=Buona Strega del Nord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Salvatorelli=Luigi Salvatorelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimaldo_Canella=Grimaldo Canella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_Ben_Ahmed_Abdelghani=Mohamed Ben Ahmed Abdelghani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Ann_Howes=Sally Ann Howes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriana_Caselotti=Adriana Caselotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirti_Nidhi_Bista=Kirti Nidhi Bista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabius_Planciades_Fulgentius=Fulgenzio di Ruspe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandy_Ledford=Brandy Ledford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boso_of_Provence=Bosone I di Provenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Annunzio=Frank Annunzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_and_Maurice_McDonald=Dick e Mac McDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asano_Naganori=Asano Naganori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Monahan=William Monahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Na_(diver)=Li Na (tuffatrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Sawaya=Christina Sawaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Johnson_(Miss_America)=Nicole Johnson Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halil_Rifat_Pasha=Halil Rifat Pascià
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talaat_Pasha=Mehmed Talat Pascià
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_James_(actor)=Steve James (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juanito_Oiarzabal=Juanito Oiarzabal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Jakub_Zamoyski=Jan Jakub Zamoyski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_Rodriguez_(actor)=Freddy Rodríguez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_von_Urslingen=Guarnieri d'Urslingen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ab%C5%AB_Muhammad_al-Hasan_al-Hamd%C4%81n%C4%AB=Abu Muhammad al-Hasan al-Hamdani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Cassavetes=Nick Cassavetes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_McGrath=Jeremy McGrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romain_Duris=Romain Duris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapio_Wirkkala=Tapio Wirkkala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaj_Franck=Kaj Franck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hyde,_2nd_Earl_of_Clarendon=Henry Hyde, II conte di Clarendon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timo_Sarpaneva=Timo Sarpaneva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Aylmer=Felix Aylmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_England=Dave England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Alexander=Danny Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nidal_Fat'hi_Rabah_Farahat=Nidal Fathi Rabah Farhat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cl%C3%A9ment_Janequin=Clément Janequin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat%C3%A1lia_Correia=Natália Correia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Tryon=Tom Tryon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Tryon=Thomas Tryon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchee_Min=Anchee Min
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasile_Luca=Vasile Luca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Bahr=Hermann Bahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallie_Eisenberg=Hallie Kate Eisenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Helton=Percy Helton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Peterman=Melissa Peterman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kang_Senghui=Kāng Sēnghuì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kudsi_Erguner=Kudsi Erguner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuzo_Masumura=Yasuzō Masumura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mich%C3%A8le_Alliot-Marie=Michèle Alliot-Marie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wojciech_Jerzy_Has=Wojciech Has
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_Colman=Olivia Colman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Moore_(writer)=Simon Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Peoples=David Webb Peoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampton_Fancher=Hampton Fancher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Moss=Jerry Moss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Deeley=Michael Deeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Ubaldi=Pietro Ubaldi (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Reeve=Dana Reeve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Tan=Tony Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silken_Laumann=Silken Laumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Ron_Taylor=Ronald Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonetto_Cappiello=Leonetto Cappiello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Rodgers=Dave Rodgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Scholefield=Alan Scholefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_Gobetti=Piero Gobetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zolt%C3%A1n_Kem%C3%A9ny=Zoltán Kemény
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oja_Kodar=Oja Kodar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dietrich,_Count_of_Oldenburg=Dietrich di Oldenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Tumart=Ibn Tumart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugo_Bassi=Ugo Bassi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Durando=Giacomo Durando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Spalatin=Georg Burkhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Roothaan=Jan Roothaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_III,_Count_of_Foix=Gastone III Febo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Sargent_Codman=Henry Sargent Codman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Lee_Cadwell=Linda Lee Cadwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Smellie_(obstetrician)=William Smellie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahya_ben_Asher=Bahya ben Asher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoire_L%C3%A9odile_B%C3%A9ra=André Léo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rietti=Robert Rietti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glynis_Barber=Glynis Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Smith_(poet)=Marc Smith (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susana_Dosamantes=Susana Dosamantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narimantas=Narimantas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theresa_Russell=Theresa Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Moroso=John A. Moroso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_II,_Duke_of_Mecklenburg=Alberto II di Meclemburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olga_Khokhlova=Ol'ga Chochlova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Depardieu=Guillaume Depardieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yekaterina_Golubeva=Ekaterina Golubeva (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pippa_Funnell=Pippa Funnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Stavisky=Alexandre Stavisky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_King_(equestrian)=Mary King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Lucas=Tim Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_H._Gundry=Robert H. Gundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Ferruccio=Francesco Ferrucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Zimmerman=Joey Zimmerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivanka_Trump=Ivanka Trump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huber_Matos=Huber Matos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Su_Song=Su Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Valentine=Steve Valentine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Dickinson_Hubbard=Samuel Dickinson Hubbard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fenerty=Charles Fenerty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Welser-M%C3%B6st=Franz Welser-Möst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoyuki_Tanaka=Tomoyuki Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jermain_Taylor=Jermain Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremias_Drexel=Geremia Dressellio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajesh_Khanna=Rajesh Khanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignaz_Holzbauer=Ignaz Holzbauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ant%C3%B4nio_Conselheiro=Antônio Conselheiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbi_Ishmael=Rabbi Ishmael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Knoll=Florence Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Ludwig_Krapf=Johann Ludwig Krapf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Rochefontaine=Stephen Rochefontaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fried=Charles Fried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Berendt=John Berendt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Bettinelli-Olpin=Matt Bettinelli-Olpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Strasberg=Paula Strasberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methodius_of_Olympus=Metodio di Olimpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tory_Belleci=Tory Belleci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Howard_Shaw=Anna Howard Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_de_Vlieger=Simon de Vlieger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett_Sloane=Everett Sloane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Leopold_Joseph_von_Daun=Leopold Joseph Daun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_de_Corsia=Ted de Corsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Rademacher=Hans Rademacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Pryor=Arthur Pryor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Carnegie,_14th_Earl_of_Northesk=David Carnegie, XIV conte di Northesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Moritz_von_Lacy=Franz Moritz von Lacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carnegie,_12th_Earl_of_Northesk=John Carnegie, XII conte di Northesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Carnegie,_9th_Earl_of_Northesk=George Carnegie, IX conte di Northesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Root=Amanda Root
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Carnegie,_10th_Earl_of_Northesk=David Carnegie, X conte di Northesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Carnegie,_11th_Earl_of_Northesk=David Carnegie, XI conte di Northesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Carnegie,_8th_Earl_of_Northesk=William Carnegie, VIII conte di Northesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Carnegie,_6th_Earl_of_Northesk=George Carnegie, VI conte di Northesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Carnegie,_4th_Earl_of_Northesk=David Carnegie, IV conte di Northesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Carnegie,_3rd_Earl_of_Northesk=David Carnegie, III conte di Northesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Carnegie,_2nd_Earl_of_Northesk=David Carnegie, II conte di Northesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carnegie,_1st_Earl_of_Northesk=John Carnegie, I conte di Northesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Carnegie,_5th_Earl_of_Northesk=David Carnegie, V conte di Northesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharbal=Maarbale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Bojer=Johan Bojer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Morgan_Guilbert=Ann Morgan Guilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Ghostley=Alice Ghostley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Francis=Freddie Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Galich_(writer)=Aleksandr Arkad'evič Galič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Groener=Harry Groener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammad_Ali_(actor)=Mohammad Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hezekiah_Ochuka=Hezekiah Ochuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Farron=Tim Farron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Fraser=Elisabeth Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_al-Hasan_al-Ash'ari=Abu al-Hasan al-Ash'ari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madonna_Oriente=Donna del gioco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Anderledy=Anton Anderledy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Zerbe=Anthony Zerbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Mart%C3%ADn=Luis Martín (gesuita)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogar=Boganathar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Shawn=Dick Shawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._R._Richard=J.R. Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abune_Paulos=Abuna Paulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_Clarke=Noel Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrienne_Hill=Adrienne Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Whitehurst=John Whitehurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daphne_Ashbrook=Daphne Ashbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Campbell,_9th_Earl_of_Argyll=Archibald Campbell, IX conte di Argyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Campbell_(postmaster_general)=James Campbell (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Salmon=Colin Salmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Rublevsky=Sergej Rublëvskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Grant=Joe Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Adlon=Pamela Adlon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiraga_Genshin=Hiraga Genshin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Garrel=Maurice Garrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%93scar_Dom%C3%ADnguez=Óscar Domínguez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Whitley=Norman Whitley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bent_S%C3%B8rensen_(composer)=Bent Sørensen (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_van_Diest=Peter van Diest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Severance=Joan Severance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Whitby=Daniel Whitby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%A1szl%C3%B3_Benedek=László Benedek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesare_Battisti_(politician)=Cesare Battisti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_Sickles=Noel Sickles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Finch=Flora Finch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Dunn_(theologian)=James Dunn (teologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olga_Rubtsova=Ol'ga Nikolaevna Rubcova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Gray_(researcher)=Frank Gray (ricercatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wen_Yiduo=Wen Yiduo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arda_of_Armenia=Arda d'Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Williams_(triathlete)=Susan Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshi_Ichiyanagi=Toshi Ichiyanagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Edmonstone_Ferrier=Susan Edmonstone Ferrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Gad=Urban Gad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielle_Chuchran=Danielle Chuchran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zvi_Yehuda_Kook=Zvi Yehuda Kook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Goode=Matthew Goode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Pileggi=Nicholas Pileggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89mile_Souvestre=Émile Souvestre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Osment=Emily Osment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filippo_de_Filippi=Filippo De Filippi (1814-1867)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_McKenna=Virginia McKenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Aelius_Stilo_Praeconinus=Lucio Elio Stilone Preconino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_D'Arcy=James D'Arcy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadia_Cortassa=Nadia Cortassa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Lindquist=Barbara Lindquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Whalin=Justin Whalin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_May_(triathlete)=Elizabeth May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Fernandes=Vanessa Fernandes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_Lanza=Beatrice Lanza (triatleta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Spirig=Nicola Spirig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Montefiore=Claude Montefiore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Duguay-Trouin=René Duguay-Trouin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxine_Seear=Maxine Seear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yun_Yat=Yun Yat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debi_Derryberry=Debi Derryberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anghel_Saligny=Anghel Saligny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Follini=Marco Follini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Pollan=Michael Pollan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Cherif_Bassiouni=Mahmoud Cherif Bassiouni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghassan_Massoud=Ghassan Massoud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ira_Aldridge=Ira Aldridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Bartha=Justin Bartha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lei=Peter Wang Kei Lei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algernon_Keith-Falconer,_9th_Earl_of_Kintore=Algernon Keith-Falconer, IX conte di Kintore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Zorina=Vera Zorina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Travers=Bill Travers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasmus_Henning=Rasmus Henning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Don=Tim Don
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maik_Petzold=Maik Petzold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Potts=Andy Potts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Fontana=Daniel Fontana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%A9rard_Jugnot=Gérard Jugnot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Veyron=Pierre Veyron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achille_Togliani=Achille Togliani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Lynn=Greg Lynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giotto_Bizzarrini=Giotto Bizzarrini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Deavere_Smith=Anna Deavere Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubrey_Morris=Aubrey Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Honor%C3%A9_d'Estienne_d'Orves=Honoré d'Estienne d'Orves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Flynn=Barbara Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bingxin=Bing Xin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raffaele_Esposito=Raffaele Esposito (pizzaiolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyanne_Thorne=Dyanne Thorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Ignatius_Schaepman=Andreas Ignatius Schaepman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyotomi_Hidenaga=Toyotomi Hidenaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Zwijsen=Joannes Zwijsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Spence=Charles Spence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitta_Yoshisada=Nitta Yoshisada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%B6tz_von_Berlichingen=Götz von Berlichingen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wan=James Wan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cameron_Menzies=William Cameron Menzies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chupan=Chupan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arpa_Ke'un=Arpa Ke'un
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_M._Stahl=John M. Stahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Stoler=Shirley Stoler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_Taylor=Benedict Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Frundsberg=Georg von Frundsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrick_Danckerts=Hendrick Danckerts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillermo_del_Toro=Guillermo del Toro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_von_Spreti=Karl Graf von Spreti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Tammet=Daniel Tammet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herod_Archelaus=Erode Archelao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alix_of_France=Alice di Francia (1151-1198)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Hsu=Francis Xavier Hsu Chen-Ping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_da_Ponte=Antonio da Ponte (architetto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Boston_Weatherford=Carole Boston Weatherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Gillain=Marie Gillain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Jucker=Ed Jucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Rogers=Nigel Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerzy_Skolimowski=Jerzy Skolimowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timurtash=Timurtash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrizia_Ciofi=Patrizia Ciofi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Crews=Terry Crews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_the_Jewess=Maria la Giudea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_Kerwin=Lance Kerwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Edner=Bobby Edner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Baker=Diane Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Spitta=Friedrich Spitta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Berry=Ken Berry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sujata_Massey=Sujata Massey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Linzey=Andrew Linzey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Pitcairne=Archibald Pitcairne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Anderson_of_Hermiston=James Anderson of Hermiston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Paul_Civeyrac=Jean Paul Civeyrac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frida_Boccara=Frida Boccara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Gustav_K%C3%A1lnoky=Gustav Kálnoky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Ryan=Will Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Levy_(businessman)=Daniel Levy (imprenditore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulle_Ogier=Bulle Ogier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utut_Adianto=Utut Adianto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Primus=Barry Primus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide_del_Vasto=Adelasia del Vasto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucien_Goldmann=Lucien Goldmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rui_Naiwei=Rui Naiwei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Henry_Sanderson=George Henry Sanderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimizu_Muneharu=Shimizu Muneharu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Glamack=George Glamack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_the_Silent=Giovanni Esicasta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_van_Gennep=Arnold van Gennep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Borsa=Ruggero Borsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Troll=Carl Troll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enric_Marco=Enric Marco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William_Godward=John William Godward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DJ_Hurricane=DJ Hurricane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Read=James Read
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_Samson=Polly Samson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Balibar=Jeanne Balibar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_O'Halloran=Brian O'Halloran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luc-Julien-Joseph_Casabianca=Luc-Julien-Joseph Casabianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Crichton-Stuart,_4th_Marquess_of_Bute=John Crichton-Stuart, IV marchese di Bute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_Caumon=Yves Caumon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Grey,_Duchess_of_Suffolk=Frances Brandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Crichton-Stuart,_2nd_Marquess_of_Bute=John Crichton-Stuart, II marchese di Bute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lygia_Fagundes_Telles=Lygia Fagundes Telles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Crichton-Stuart,_5th_Marquess_of_Bute=John Crichton-Stuart, V marchese di Bute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredi_Walker=Fredi Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart,_1st_Marquess_of_Bute=John Stuart, I marchese di Bute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agesipolis_II=Agesipoli II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleomenes_II=Cleomene II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Areus_I=Areo I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acrotatus_II=Acrotato (re di Sparta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Areus_II=Areo II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonidas_II=Leonida II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_A%C5%A1kerc=Anton Aškerc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bernds=Edward Bernds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arne_Sucksdorff=Arne Sucksdorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_de_Montmagny=Charles Huault de Montmagny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Todd=Mike Todd (produttore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F%C3%A9lix_de_Azara=Félix de Azara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suki_Lahav=Suki Lahav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lynch_(Lynch_law)=William Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Peter_Bernstorff=Andreas Peter Bernstorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Andrade=Alberto Andrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Adams_(actor)=Stanley Adams (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_de_Craon=Robert de Craon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everard_des_Barres=Everard des Barres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Lauter=Harry Lauter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Partridge_(actor)=John Partridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melania_the_Elder=Melania l'anziana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristo_of_Chios=Aristone di Chio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_de_Tremelay=Bernard de Tremelay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hales_(director)=Robert Hales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romain_Bussine=Romain Bussine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Doughty_(artist)=Thomas Doughty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Dexter=Brad Dexter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_de_Blanchefort=Bertrand de Blanchefort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Karen=James Karen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_von_Hochstaden=Corrado di Hochstaden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Zeduan=Zhang Zeduan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Crawford=Johnny Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillian_Norris=Gillian Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Soupault=Philippe Soupault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Bunch=Charlotte Bunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rigord=Rigord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janie_Jones=Janie Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Monaghan=Michelle Monaghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_du_Bus_de_Gisignies=Bernard Aimé Léonard du Bus de Gisignies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simi_Garewal=Simi Garewal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zvonimir_Janko=Zvonimir Janko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Stuart,_Countess_of_Bute=Mary Wortley-Montagu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stuart,_Lord_Mount_Stuart=John Stuart, Lord Mount Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Marion=Frances Marion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Bottai=Giuseppe Bottai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horst_Tappert=Horst Tappert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianna_Jessen=Gianna Jessen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Stevens_(painter)=Alfred Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Myrick=Andrew Myrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Culver=Molly Culver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariwara_no_Narihira=Ariwara no Narihira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Pratt=Victoria Pratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Johan_Stagnelius=Erik Johan Stagnelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robertino_Loreti=Robertino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Roosevelt=Sara Roosevelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Vincent=June Vincent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Smight=Jack Smight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron_Cherry=Byron Cherry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Steinberger=Ned Steinberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Bacevich=Andrew Bacevich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Booth,_1st_Earl_of_Warrington=Henry Booth, I conte di Warrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Jacobsson=Oscar Jacobsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexia_Portal=Alexia Portal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Luceno=James Luceno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Passanante=Jean Passanante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisa_Lytton=Louisa Lytton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stuart,_2nd_Earl_of_Bute=James Stuart, II conte di Bute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Rose=Louis Moses Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stuart,_1st_Earl_of_Bute=James Stuart, I conte di Bute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Klementyna_Sanguszko=Maria Klementyna Sanguszko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klementyna_Czartoryska=Klementyna Czartoryska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Francis=Willie Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineko_Iwasaki=Mineko Iwasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aksel_Sandemose=Aksel Sandemose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reni_Santoni=Reni Santoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Lazzo=Mike Lazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Hayes=Patricia Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Samuelson=Ralph Samuelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharmakirti=Dharmakirti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_of_Torroja=Arnoldo di Torroja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo_de_St_Amand=Oddone di Saint-Amand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosaleen_Norton=Rosaleen Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Schelling=Ernest Schelling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsay_Gaze=Lindsay Gaze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Succo=Roberto Succo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petter_Dass=Petter Dass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauri_Vaska=Lauri Vaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorgon_(Inhuman)=Gorgon (Inumani)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Fishbein=Morris Fishbein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Vierendeel=Arthur Vierendeel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Brooke_(poet)=Arthur Brooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carey_Loftin=Carey Loftin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianni_Amelio=Gianni Amelio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Sheffer=Craig Sheffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Berg=Peter Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble_Willingham=Noble Willingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_von_Sammern-Frankenegg=Ferdinand von Sammern-Frankenegg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svatopluk_%C4%8Cech=Svatopluk Čech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Beard_(classicist)=Mary Beard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Neuhaus=Genrich Gustavovič Nejgauz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikos_Sampson=Nikos Sampson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeda_Nobukado=Takeda Nobukado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonid_Shamkovich=Leonid Šamkovič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valery_Salov=Valerij Borisovič Salov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Taut=Bruno Taut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tari_Phillips=Tari Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algernon_Capell,_2nd_Earl_of_Essex=Algernon Capell, II conte di Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Cullen=Katharine Cullen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Pellicer=Carlos Pellicer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B3zef_Maksymilian_Ossoli%C5%84ski=Józef Maksymilian Ossoliński
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernadette_Flynn=Bernadette Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzi_Mei=Muzi Mei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takumi_Yamazaki=Takumi Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Yamaguchi=Mayumi Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulnara_Karimova=Gulnora Karimova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Andrews=Anthony Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Fernandes=Tony Fernandes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quinlan_Terry=Quinlan Terry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belinda_Emmett=Belinda Emmett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Magliabechi=Antonio Magliabechi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Zuckmayer=Carl Zuckmayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Porter=Eric Porter (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Williamson,_Baron_Williamson_of_Horton=David Williamson, barone di Horton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Grossman=Albert Grossman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddy_Offord=Eddy Offord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Len_Carlson=Len Carlson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Fabri=Felix Fabri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Womack=Jack Womack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Bonfini=Antonio Bonfini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Tissier_de_Mallerais=Bernard Tissier de Mallerais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_de_Galarreta=Alfonso de Galarreta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Telfer_(actor)=Paul Telfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nora-Jane_Noone=Nora-Jane Noone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judi_Shekoni=Judith Shekoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Paul=Alexandra Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Di_Bari=Nicola Di Bari (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Best=James Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Byron=Marion Byron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Rosenthal=Philip Rosenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KT_Tunstall=KT Tunstall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Herbert_Sheldon=William Herbert Sheldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Unwin=Raymond Unwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Romberg=Andreas Jakob Romberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ragsdale=William Ragsdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karol_Kniaziewicz=Karol Kniaziewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Flannery=Tim Flannery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevar_of_Bulgaria=Sevar di Bulgaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_Sergeyev=Konstantin Sergeev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantin_Aksakov=Konstantin Sergeevič Aksakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Majorelle=Louis Majorelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamberto_Bava=Lamberto Bava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Matutes=Abel Matutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Ruberti=Antonio Ruberti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Howard_(cardinal)=Philip Howard (cardinale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saul_Rubinek=Saul Rubinek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9_Jolivet=André Jolivet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knud_Knudsen_(linguist)=Knud Knudsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Chapron=Henri Chapron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapping_Reeve=Tapping Reeve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Sutherland=Edwin Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Owen=Lloyd Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Kalogridis=Jeanne Kalogridis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_O'Reilly=Alejandro O'Reilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hutton=Jim Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcos_Milinkovic=Marcos Milinković
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Fejos=Pál Fejös
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_Bonnefoy=Yves Bonnefoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Schuster=Wolfgang Schuster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Foster=Jane Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Azito=Tony Azito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Villeneuve=Raymond Villeneuve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Beltrami=Giacomo Costantino Beltrami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Kloos=Albert Verwey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiane_Scrivener=Christiane Scrivener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Gorter=Herman Gorter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodewijk_van_Deyssel=Lodewijk van Deyssel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_August_Wittfogel=Karl August Wittfogel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederik_van_Eeden=Frederik van Eeden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetto_Cotrugli=Benedetto Cotrugli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernd_Spier=Bernd Spier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Flynn_(athlete)=Patrick Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Joseph_Williams=John Joseph Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Carpenter_(athlete)=Ken Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Carpenter=Kenneth Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanis%C5%82aw_Konarski=Stanislao Konarski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Strickland_(architect)=William Strickland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anson_Williams=Anson Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_IV,_Count_of_Toulouse=Guglielmo IV di Tolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soo_Catwoman=Soo Catwoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Most=Don Most
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Compston=Martin Compston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Artur_Zamoyski=Andrzej Artur Zamoyski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Pereira_dos_Santos=Nelson Pereira dos Santos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Simm=John Simm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Nixon=Walter Nixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idelette_Calvin=Idelette de Bure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Dyer=Danny Dyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldine_Somerville=Geraldine Somerville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Walther=Johann Gottfried Walther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Heinrich_Franz=Julius Heinrich Franz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Hafkin=Nancy Hafkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gayle_Hunnicutt=Gayle Hunnicutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_von_Staupitz=Johann von Staupitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthijs_van_Heijningen=Matthijs van Heijningen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Schenk=Christian Schenk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyprian_Godebski=Cyprian Godebski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/January_Suchodolski=January Suchodolski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritz_Stiller=Mauritz Stiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edie_McClurg=Edie McClurg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodoros_Pangalos_(general)=Theodoros Pangalos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Nouri=Michael Nouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Jaki=Stanley Jaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Kennedy=Edgar Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mae_Busch=Mae Busch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herculine_Barbin=Herculine Barbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Chatoyer=Joseph Chatoyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shermine_Shahrivar=Shermine Shahrivar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willi_M%C3%BCnzenberg=Willi Münzenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_VI_of_Lusignan=Ugo VI di Lusignano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelli_Giddish=Kelli Giddish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Carnes=Ryan Carnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo%C3%A3o_Botelho=João Botelho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perla_Haney-Jardine=Perla Haney-Jardine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Costa=Pedro Costa (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_Geada=Eduardo Geada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo%C3%A3o_C%C3%A9sar_Monteiro=João César Monteiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Villaverde=Teresa Villaverde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulo_Rocha=Paulo Rocha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Lopes_(filmmaker)=Fernando Lopes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcellus_of_Ancyra=Marcello di Ancira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleen_Rooney=Coleen Rooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Volpi=Giovanni Volpi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Dixon=Donna Dixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaso_%C4%8Cubrilovi%C4%87=Vaso Čubrilović
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Hall_(actor)=Charlie Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reece_Shearsmith=Reece Shearsmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Finlayson_(actor)=James Finlayson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadeq_Mallallah=Sadeq Mallallah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Rossio=Terry Rossio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Gunn=Sean Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_George=Terry George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corneille_de_Lyon=Corneille de Lyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Scott=Howard Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Beacham=Stephanie Beacham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Martin_(historian)=Henri Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Murger=Henri Murger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Grinko=Mykola Hrin'ko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_II,_Duke_of_Guise=Enrico II di Guisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Pratt=Chris Pratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elise_Neal=Elise Neal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustavo_Rol=Gustavo Adolfo Rol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitcomb_L._Judson=Whitcomb Judson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Ang=Michelle Ang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Georg_Waldm%C3%BCller=Ferdinand Georg Waldmüller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabil_Shaban=Nabil Shaban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Dobelli=Rolf Dobelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brittany_Tiplady=Brittany Tiplady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_von_Wangenheim=Chris von Wangenheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Bin=Sun Bin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Aufschnaiter=Peter Aufschnaiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Habeler=Peter Habeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Purtscheller=Ludwig Purtscheller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Kosei=Charlie Kosei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_von_Dirksen=Herbert von Dirksen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dianne_Kay=Dianne Kay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Uhry=Alfred Uhry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Farrell=Henry Farrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaby_Hoffmann=Gaby Hoffmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Gardner_(bank_robber)=Roy Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikl%C3%B3s_B%C3%A1nffy=Miklós Bánffy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_O'Conor=Hugh O'Conor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Joly=Eva Joly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wieck=Friedrich Wieck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Orlovsky=Peter Orlovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Veber=Francis Veber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjay_Kapoor=Sanjay Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Murphy=Erin Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scillitan_Martyrs=Martiri scillitani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tawny_Little=Tawny Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathalie_Roussel=Nathalie Roussel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheryl_Campbell=Cheryl Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Alvaro=Anne Alvaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathleen_Nesbitt=Cathleen Nesbitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Bill=Max Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Carri%C3%A8re=Jean-Claude Carrière
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Kreski=Chris Kreski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enoch_West=Enoch West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Jansen=Dan Jansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zygmunt_Muchniewski=Zygmunt Muchniewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Ayrer=Jakob Ayrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Pardo=Manuel Pardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C%C3%A9sar_Manrique=César Manrique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rino_Rappuoli=Rino Rappuoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Horal=Gilbert Hérail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_de_Sonnac=Guillaume de Sonnac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fintan_O'Toole=Fintan O'Toole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Chodorow=Nancy Chodorow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barrowman=John Barrowman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Dye=Dale Dye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Uston=Ken Uston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier_Gourmet=Olivier Gourmet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%B8sta_Esping-Andersen=Gøsta Esping-Andersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mustafa_Akyol=Mustafa Akyol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_de_Firmian=Nick de Firmian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arno_J._Mayer=Arno J. Mayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Perov=Vasilij Grigor'evič Perov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahel_Varnhagen=Rahel Varnhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zayed_bin_Khalifa_Al_Nahyan=Zayed I bin Khalifa Al Nahyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_vom_Rath=Ernst Eduard vom Rath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Dore=Valerie Dore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Howard,_8th_Duke_of_Norfolk=Thomas Howard, VIII duca di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Howard,_9th_Duke_of_Norfolk=Edward Howard, IX duca di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasui_Kawase=Hasui Kawase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Howard,_10th_Duke_of_Norfolk=Charles Howard, X duca di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Howard,_11th_Duke_of_Norfolk=Charles Howard, XI duca di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabian_Birkowski=Fabian Birkowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menachem_Elon=Menachem Elon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Howard,_12th_Duke_of_Norfolk=Bernard Howard, XII duca di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Marcellus_Hentz=Nicholas Marcellus Hentz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillermo_Arriaga=Guillermo Arriaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Milner,_9th_Seigneur_of_Sark=James Milner (signore di Sark)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Harman=Nigel Harman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Maspero=Gaston Maspero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Guida=Gloria Guida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Buchberger=Bruno Buchberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Swetchine=Sof'ja Petrovna Sojmonova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Bass=Eduard Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herv%C3%A9_Guibert=Hervé Guibert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vice_Vukov=Vice Vukov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Barrett_(lawyer)=Richard Barrett (avvocato)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Froben=Johann Froben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ippolito_Rosellini=Ippolito Rosellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrice_Ch%C3%A9reau=Patrice Chéreau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renier_of_Montferrat=Ranieri del Monferrato (1162-1183)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaani=Imaani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maja_Blagdan=Maja Blagdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibylle_Berg=Sibylle Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Gustav_Axel_Harnack=Axel Harnack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuval_Ne'eman=Yuval Ne'eman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theuderic_IV=Teodorico IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Roosevelt=Archibald Roosevelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_Draper=Polly Draper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._R._Knight=T. R. Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ramsay,_13th_Earl_of_Dalhousie=John Ramsay, XIII conte di Dalhousie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Seldon=Bruce Seldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Hergesheimer=Joseph Hergesheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schomberg_Kerr,_9th_Marquess_of_Lothian=Schomberg Kerr, IX marchese di Lothian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Placidia=Placidia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Fontana=Franco Fontana (fotografo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwendolyn_B._Bennett=Gwendolyn B. Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Holland_(director)=Tom Holland (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pal_Benko=Pál Benkő
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Probst=Christoph Probst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Conway=Tom Conway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Poton_de_Xaintrailles=Jean Poton de Xaintrailles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeo_Fukuda=Shigeo Fukuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_of_Bulgaria=Romano di Bulgaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Adler=Guido Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amenemhat_II=Amenemhat II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senusret_I=Sesostri I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senusret_II=Sesostri II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senusret_III=Sesostri III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Rodzianko=Michail Vladimirovič Rodzjanko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Gurvitch=Georges Gurvitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aron_Gurwitsch=Aron Gurwitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Hess=Sandra Hess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_von_T%C3%BCrheim=Ulrich von Türheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lara_Cardella=Lara Cardella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayesha_Dharker=Ayesha Dharker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Coke,_1st_Earl_of_Leicester_(fifth_creation)=Thomas Coke, I conte di Leicester (1697-1759)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Biondi_(writer)=Mario Biondi (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Voigt=Georg Voigt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chulpan_Khamatova=Čulpan Nailevna Chamatova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Scott,_3rd_Duke_of_Buccleuch=Henry Scott, III duca di Buccleuch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Douglas,_1st_Duke_of_Queensberry=William Douglas, I duca di Queensberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_J._Gertsch=Willis Gertsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Timmermans=Felix Timmermans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Bennett=John C. Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Horn=Rebecca Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Suplee=Ethan Suplee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Beth_Hurt=Mary Beth Hurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfred_von_Brauchitsch=Manfred von Brauchitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Therese_Neumann=Teresa Neumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Gorcey=Leo Gorcey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Burle_Marx=Roberto Burle Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Steiner=Herman Steiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coral_Browne=Coral Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_de_Sainte-Colombe=Monsieur de Sainte Colombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samiha_Khalil=Samiba Khalil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Ullmann=Viktor Ullmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ke_Zhao=Ke Zhao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Doldinger=Klaus Doldinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hrishikesh_Mukherjee=Hrishikesh Mukherjee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marian_Kukiel=Marian Kukiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulina_Kellogg_Wright_Davis=Paulina Kellogg Wright Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salomon_Jadassohn=Salomon Jadassohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Johnson_(special_effects_artist)=Brian Johnson (effetti speciali)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Robards=Sam Robards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ixtlilxochitl_I=Ixtlilxochitl I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrence_Roberts=Terrence Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlotta_Walls_LaNier=Carlotta Walls LaNier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_Thomas=Jefferson Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnijean_Brown-Trickey=Minnijean Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Gordon,_4th_Duke_of_Gordon=Alexander Gordon, IV duca di Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Knappertsbusch=Hans Knappertsbusch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Harris=Clara Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hede_Massing=Hede Massing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._S._Wilson=Steven Seth Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Absil=Jean Absil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredrik_Barth=Fredrik Barth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Sean_Leonard=Robert Sean Leonard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_VII_of_Lusignan=Ugo VII di Lusignano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Schmeisser=Louis Schmeisser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Milburn=George Milburn (calciatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teispes=Teispe di Ansan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Shelley=Rachel Shelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val_Ackerman=Val Ackerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Reuss=Theodor Reuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Pijper=Willem Pijper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo-Carroll_Dennison=Jo-Carroll Dennison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Cothran=Shirley Cothran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepseskare=Shepseskara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piankh=Payankh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lori_Alan=Lori Alan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Takakura=Ken Takakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_May=Ernst May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Benedictsson=Victoria Benedictsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Lang=Herbert Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sridevi=Sridevi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Clesio=Bernardo Clesio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Bowles=Sharon Bowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jess_Hahn=Jess Hahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Pallardy=Jean-Marie Pallardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuele_Severino=Emanuele Severino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessie_Weston=Jessie Weston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balista=Ballista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchitra_Sen=Suchitra Sen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyriades=Ciriade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Tickle=Jon Tickle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Gundolf=Friedrich Gundolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Wayne=David Wayne (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerian_II=Cornelio Valeriano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trebellianus=Trebelliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olga_Bozna%C5%84ska=Olga Boznańska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celsus_(usurper)=Celso (usurpatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillo_Pontecorvo=Gillo Pontecorvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahle_Dengel=Sahle Dengel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kizza_Besigye=Kizza Besigye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Primrose,_4th_Earl_of_Rosebery=Archibald Primrose, IV conte di Rosebery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Primrose,_1st_Earl_of_Rosebery=Archibald Primrose, I conte di Rosebery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Litt=Scott Litt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masao_Kato=Masao Katō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Momsen=Taylor Momsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennart_Johansson=Lennart Johansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_of_Aragon,_Duchess_of_Milan=Isabella d'Aragona (1470-1524)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Star_(chief)=Stella del Mattino (capo indiano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Talbot_(author)=Michael Talbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soumitra_Chatterjee=Soumitra Chatterjee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehmed_Emin_Rauf_Pasha=Mehmed Emin Rauf Pascià
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Morrison=Jennifer Morrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Lorillard_IV=Pierre Lorillard IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristoforo_Madruzzo=Cristoforo Madruzzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%BCnter_Eich=Günter Eich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyotomi_Hidetsugu=Toyotomi Hidetsugu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Muscat=Angelo Muscat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Goodson=Barbara Goodson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuriko_Koike=Yuriko Koike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Lisberger=Steven Lisberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Schwatka=Frederick Schwatka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamsyn_Manou=Tamsyn Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleni_Karaindrou=Eleni Karaindrou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heino_Eller=Heino Eller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Huber=Klaus Huber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S%C3%A1ndor_Veress=Sándor Veress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_O'Connor_(equestrian)=David O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shmuel_Gonen=Shmuel Gonen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Reutter=Georg von Reutter (figlio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Whiting=John Whiting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Bradford=Jesse Bradford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_March=Stephanie March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Antonio_Del_Balzo_Orsini=Giovanni Antonio Orsini del Balzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Thiele=Bob Thiele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baba_Vanga=Baba Vanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella,_Countess_of_Brienne=Isabella di Brienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh,_Count_of_Brienne=Ugo di Brienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menaechmus=Menecmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicja_Janosz=Alicja Janosz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gino_Pollini=Gino Pollini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Lando=Joe Lando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Grant=Jennifer Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Draper=Derek Draper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnulf_%C3%98verland=Arnulf Øverland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carroll_Ballard=Carroll Ballard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_Douglas-Hamilton,_15th_Duke_of_Hamilton=Angus Douglas-Hamilton, XV duca di Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Cooksey=Danny Cooksey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gordon-Lennox,_10th_Duke_of_Richmond=Charles Gordon-Lennox, X duca di Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Savident=John Savident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._J._Watson=Watson (automobilismo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andre_Kostelanetz=Andrej Kostelanec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Rosenblatt=Frank Rosenblatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Roth=Cecil Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Mayer_(astronomer)=Christian Mayer (astronomo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohan_Marley=Rohan Marley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Davidson_(actor)=Jim Davidson (attore statunitense)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Patrick_(politician)=Dan Patrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_West=Dominic West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Jackson=Jeremy Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Bryant=Louise Bryant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isidro_Ayora=Isidro Ayora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padarn_Beisrudd=Padarn Beisrudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Grunitzky=Nicolas Grunitzky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_Donahue=Troy Donahue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telipinu=Telipinu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hamilton,_11th_Duke_of_Hamilton=William Hamilton, XI duca di Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran_Levstik=Fran Levstik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuya_Nomura=Tetsuya Nomura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Moser=Karl Moser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Erich_Haas=Arthur Erich Haas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_Fesenkov=Vasilij Grigor'evič Fesenkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Anderson_(author)=Gordon Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Marcinkus=Paul Marcinkus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Roebuck=Daniel Roebuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philotas=Filota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Freeman=Jennifer Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Worrall_Mayo=William Worrall Mayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudu_of_Akkad=Dudu (sovrano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Gotti=Gene Gotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Bianchi=Lorenzo Bianchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Abati=Antonio Abati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Cesare_Abba=Giuseppe Cesare Abba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleardo_Aleardi=Aleardo Aleardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timoleon_Raimondi=Timoleone Raimondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gordon,_5th_Earl_of_Huntly=George Gordon, V conte di Huntly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugeniusz_Lokajski=Eugeniusz Lokajski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaidotas=Vaidotas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butautas=Butautas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hudson_(painter)=Thomas Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hamilton,_1st_Earl_of_Haddington=Thomas Hamilton, I conte di Haddington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Gotti=John Gotti, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Jerden=Dave Jerden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigismund_Korybut=Zygmund Korybut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_da_Sangallo=Francesco da Sangallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubayd_Zakani=Ubayde Zākāni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigebert_of_Gembloux=Sigebert di Gembloux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Jones=Candy Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Armand_Silvestre=Paul Armand Silvestre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Wolfgang_von_Hagen=Victor Wolfgang von Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucia_Aliberti=Lucia Aliberti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mekere_Morauta=Mekere Morauta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne_Davignon=Étienne Davignon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Esslin=Martin Esslin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Smith_(actor)=Jason Smith (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munuza=Munuza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Range_Murata=Range Murata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Masters=Ben Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Hubal=Ibn Hubal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Pilkington=Karl Pilkington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Becker=Walt Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Russell_Grace=William Russell Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skirgaila=Skirgaila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Ludwig_von_P%C3%B6llnitz=Karl Ludwig von Pöllnitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_LoDuca=Joseph LoDuca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante_Basco=Dante Basco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Dennison=Bonnie Dennison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Throckmorton=Nicholas Throckmorton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Raimondi=Pietro Raimondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Parker=Oliver Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Dennis=Nigel Dennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Rengan=Hong Rengan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_Mozzoni=Anna Maria Mozzoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thierry_Noir=Thierry Noir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akihiko_Saito=Akihiko Saitō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Salinas=Pedro Salinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G%C3%A9za_Vermes=Géza Vermes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Mauthner=Fritz Mauthner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Applegath=Augustus Applegath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Marshal,_2nd_Earl_of_Pembroke=Guglielmo il Maresciallo, II conte di Pembroke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_of_Damascus=Nicola di Damasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Arago=Jacques Arago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Benedict=Julius Benedict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuela_S%C3%A1enz=Manuela Sáenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Novello=Clara Novello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Le_Lionnais=François Le Lionnais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Atwell=Roy Atwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Davis=Virginia Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Stonor,_7th_Baron_Camoys=Thomas Stonor, VII barone Camoys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_DeFore=Don DeFore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Steibelt=Daniel Steibelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hill-Wood=Peter Hill-Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._G._Macdonell=A. G. Macdonell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavriil_Adrianovich_Tikhov=Gavriil Adrianovič Tikhov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Stoppani=Antonio Stoppani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Storace=Stephen Storace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Hedges=Chris Hedges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radu_Negru=Negru Vodă
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_McMillan=Glenn McMillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hablot_Knight_Browne=Phiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Calvert=Eddie Calvert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_Fisher=Gail Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Mancini=Don Mancini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Vincent_(actor)=Alex Vincent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinah_Manoff=Dinah Manoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothea_Neff=Dorothea Neff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachael_Harris=Rachael Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Lieber=Jeffrey Lieber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damon_Lindelof=Damon Lindelof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Woodford-Grimes=Edith Woodford-Grimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Bowerman=Bill Bowerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Otto=Gustav Otto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus_Georg_Schottel=Iulius Georgius Schottelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Boyle,_Lord_Boyle=David Boyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Lucio=Shannon Lucio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Rezyka=Mark Rezyka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._P._Sanders=Ed Parish Sanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristofer_Uppdal=Kristofer Uppdal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Clapperton=Hugh Clapperton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matest_M._Agrest=Matest Mendelevič Agrest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S%C3%A1ndor_V%C3%A9gh=Sándor Végh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_O'Connor=Frances O'Connor (attrice 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Bryan=Bob Bryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_O'Keefe=Michael O'Keefe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Kaplan=Viktor Kaplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillary_Waugh=Hillary Waugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Culverwell=Nathaniel Culverwel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Servatius=Servazio di Tongres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshio_Sawai=Yoshio Sawai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Aames=Angela Aames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentius_Andreae=Laurentius Andreae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Robert_Ware=William Robert Ware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Boccanegra=Simone Boccanegra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Schiff=Moritz Schiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bienert=Richard Bienert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_Harrington=Desmond Harrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Georg_von_Friedeburg=Hans-Georg von Friedeburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_ben_Uzziel=Jonathan ben Uzziel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerina_Vincent=Cerina Vincent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Arzner=Dorothy Arzner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assia_Wevill=Assia Wevill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Stewart,_Duchess_of_Richmond=Frances Stewart, duchessa di Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Miner=Paul Miner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valens_Thessalonicus=Valente Tessalonico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_Chandler=Kyle Chandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emile_Habibi=Emile Habibi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Williams_Khama=Ruth Williams Khama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Merz=Friedrich Merz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edda_Moser=Edda Moser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Mayer_(American_actor)=Christopher Mayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gian_Maria_Visconti=Giovanni Maria Visconti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Radford=Michael Radford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Kunz=Paul Kunz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thylias_Moss=Thylias Moss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Brown_(actor)=Phil Brown (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katrin_Siska=Katrin Siska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Kan=Gene Kan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Bartlett=Bonnie Bartlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Banister=Guy Banister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldo_Ciccolini=Aldo Ciccolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ango_Sakaguchi=Ango Sakaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Flessel-Colovic=Laura Flessel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andor_Lilienthal=Andor Lilienthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukushima_Masanori=Fukushima Masanori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soga_no_Iname=Soga no Iname
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redha_Malek=Redha Malek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Dotrice=Michele Dotrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soga_no_Umako=Soga no Umako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meir_Dizengoff=Meir Dizengoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Q._Adams=Douglas Q. Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alatheus=Alateo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Hancock=Ian Hancock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mine_Yoshizaki=Mine Yoshizaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_da_Udine=Giovanni da Udine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Schlingensief=Christoph Schlingensief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_of_Nehardea=Samuel di Nehardea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Corden=Henry Corden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayte_Garcia=Mayte Garcia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Brosgol=Vera Brosgol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehcad_Brooks=Mehcad Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Darling=Candy Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cima_da_Conegliano=Cima da Conegliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Hurst=Rick Hurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Fairfax,_6th_Lord_Fairfax_of_Cameron=Thomas Fairfax, VI lord Fairfax di Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Darro=Frankie Darro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Scrope,_3rd_Baron_Scrope_of_Masham=Henry Scrope di Masham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_Daddach=Mohammed Daddach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._C._Gainey=M. C. Gainey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabih_Alameddine=Rabih Alameddine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manolis_Kalomiris=Manolis Kalomiris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knut_Tarald_Taraldsen=Knut Tarald Taraldsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Cullmann=Oscar Cullmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russi_Taylor=Russi Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesare_Bendinelli=Cesare Bendinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Huberman=Leo Huberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szeto_Wah=Szeto Wah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Dossetti=Giuseppe Dossetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron_Moreno=Byron Moreno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Saracini=Claudio Saracini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._D._Snodgrass=W. D. Snodgrass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Weaver=William Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh!_great=Oh! great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_O'Connell=Charlie O'Connell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basu_Chatterjee=Basu Chatterjee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jere_Burns=Jere Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamla_Persad-Bissessar=Kamla Persad-Bissessar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Andreyevich_Shuvalov=Pavel Andreevič Šuvalov (1830-1908)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2nd_Dalai_Lama=Gendün Gyatso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5th_Dalai_Lama=Ngawang Lozang Gyatso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Ahl=Ernst Ahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Payne_Whitney=Harry Payne Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Holtom=Gerald Holtom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joop_van_Oosterom=Joop van Oosterom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dafydd_Gam=Dafydd Gam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izis_Bidermanas=Izis Bidermanas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermanno_Gorrieri=Ermanno Gorrieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Gries=Jon Gries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Carniti=Pierre Carniti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Pforr=Franz Pforr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Weider=Joe Weider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Murphy=Donna Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Barstow_Strong=William B. Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Frost=Alex Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altiero_Spinelli=Altiero Spinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Spade=Kate Spade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raimondo_Del_Balzo_Orsini=Raimondo Orsini del Balzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_of_Taranto,_Countess_of_Copertino=Caterina di Taranto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shitao=Shitao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecaterina_Teodoroiu=Ecaterina Teodoroiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Davidson=Lionel Davidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Dalton=Audrey Dalton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Armend%C3%A1riz=Pedro Armendáriz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gino_Strada=Gino Strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_de_Massue,_Earl_of_Galway=Henri de Massue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheikh_Anta_Diop=Cheikh Anta Diop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ursula_Hegi=Ursula Hegi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Douglas_(actor)=Aaron Douglas (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aharon_Megged=Aharon Megged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Foulke_(footballer)=William Foulke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Marie_(actress)=Lisa Marie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yann_Arthus-Bertrand=Yann Arthus-Bertrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Weidinger=Anton Weidinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gris%C3%A9lidis_R%C3%A9al=Grisélidis Réal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masashi_Fujimoto=Masashi Fujimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Adler_(composer)=Samuel Adler (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noreena_Hertz=Noreena Hertz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Kalvos=Andreas Kalvos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rati_Agnihotri=Rati Agnihotri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baydu=Baydu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samir_Kassir=Samir Kassir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Campbell,_3rd_Earl_of_Breadalbane_and_Holland=John Campbell, III conte di Breadalbane e Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_George=Heinrich George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shajar_al-Durr=Shajar al-Durr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kerr,_4th_Marquess_of_Lothian=William Kerr, IV marchese di Lothian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frol_Kozlov=Frol Romanovič Kozlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domino_Harvey=Domino Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Joyce=Alice Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Frederick=Pauline Frederick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Reik=Theodor Reik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristin_Herrera=Kristin Herrera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Higdon=Jennifer Higdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Steinberg=William Steinberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Morse_(actor)=David Morse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Cover=Franklin Cover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curt_Siodmak=Curt Siodmak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan_Patton=Dylan Patton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nguyen_Van_Nghi=Nguyen Van Nghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexa_Nikolas=Alexa Nikolas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Massey=Christopher Massey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Flandro=Gary Flandro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damon_Allen=Damon Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Cartwright=Peggy Cartwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Lewis=Maud Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunny_Ahearne=Bunny Ahearne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guidobaldo_del_Monte=Guidobaldo Del Monte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan-Michael_Vincent=Jan-Michael Vincent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beno%C3%AEt_de_Sainte-Maure=Benoît de Sainte-Maure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudraige_mac_Dela=Rudraige mac Dela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrus_de_Cruce=Petrus de Cruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niccol%C3%B2_de'_Conti=Niccolò Da Conti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajith_Kumar=Ajith Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantino_Brumidi=Costantino Brumidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_Flandes=Juan de Flandes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_IV,_Count_of_Brienne=Gualtieri IV di Brienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu%C3%ADs_de_Sousa=Luís de Sousa (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumiko_Nakano=Kumiko Nakano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Thomson_(explorer)=Joseph Thomson (esploratore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostino_Steuco=Agostino Steuco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonios_Kriezis=Antōnios Kriezīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lesure=James Lesure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Cherkasov=Nikolaj Konstantinovič Čerkasov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gan_De=Gan De
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Attias=Dan Attias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodrigo_Garc%C3%ADa_(director)=Rodrigo García
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_III,_Count_of_Brienne=Gualtieri III di Brienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Boitard=Pierre Boitard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_von_Soxhlet=Franz von Soxhlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Antonio_Guardi=Gianantonio Guardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Chong=Man Chong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Thomas_(Secretary_of_the_Navy)=Charles Thomas (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_B._Franke=William Birrell Franke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Linnaeus_the_Younger=Carl von Linné jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Cousins=Samuel Cousins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wesley_C._Salmon=Wesley C. Salmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Sudeikis=Jason Sudeikis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Desproges=Pierre Desproges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evaristo_Carvalho=Evaristo Carvalho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilherme_Posser_da_Costa=Guilherme Posser da Costa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Korth=Fred Korth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Gilbert=Rod Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AnnaSophia_Robb=AnnaSophia Robb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelique_Boyer=Angelique Boyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allyn_Joslyn=Allyn Joslyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenilee_Harrison=Jenilee Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Dordain=Jean-Jacques Dordain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Shahi=Sarah Shahi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Gretsch=Joel Gretsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Weintraub=Jerry Weintraub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Gottschalk=Joachim Gottschalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Hammerschmidt=Andreas Hammerschmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lian_Po=Lian Po
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spot_(producer)=Spot (produttore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Edgerton=Joel Edgerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_DeLay=Dorothy DeLay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miho_Nakayama=Miho Nakayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_Langley=Noel Langley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadeusz_Boy-%C5%BBele%C5%84ski=Tadeusz Boy-Żeleński
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadji_Murad=Hadji Murad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Yaroshenko=Nikolaj Aleksandrovič Jarošenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Neumeier=Edward Neumeier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Leibowitz=René Leibowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Horney=Brigitte Horney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Labillardi%C3%A8re=Jacques-Julien Houtou de La Billardière
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Citati=Pietro Citati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anja_Silja=Anja Silja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christian_Brand=Johann Christian Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Levinson=Gerald Levinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Payne_Whitney=Dorothy Payne Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Ingalls=Carrie Ingalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafe_Spall=Rafe Spall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ingalls=Mary Ingalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hamilton,_1st_Earl_of_Arran=James Hamilton, I conte di Arran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Ingalls=Grace Ingalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berthold_Carl_Seemann=Berthold Carl Seemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Gerson_Unna=Paul Gerson Unna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_de_Serpa_Pinto=Alexandre de Serpa Pinto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsy_Jolas=Betsy Jolas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_de_Pablo=Luis de Pablo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilles_Tremblay_(composer)=Gilles Tremblay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Bour=Ernest Bour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inger_Nilsson=Inger Nilsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Gielen=Michael Gielen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Audouze=Jean Audouze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Martinon=Jean Martinon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Settle=Matthew Settle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Brand=Russell Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhuge_Dan=Zhuge Dan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Essell=Eileen Essell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Scott=Ashley Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom%C3%A1s_Guti%C3%A9rrez_Alea=Tomás Gutiérrez Alea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charmides=Carmide (zio di Platone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erkki_Melartin=Erkki Melartin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Daniel=Gabriel Daniel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnaeus_Hosidius_Geta=Gneo Osidio Geta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Niessl=Hans Niessl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Efrosinina=Marija Jefrosynina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Paul_Proust=Jean-Paul Proust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kitzmiller=John Kitzmiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Monckton=Lionel Monckton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Green_(playwright)=Paul Green (commediografo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Gallagher=Megan Gallagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Rozier=Jacques Rozier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.A._the_Rugged_Man=R.A. the Rugged Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Greengrass=Paul Greengrass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gordon_Sinclair=John Gordon Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamukha=Jamuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-J%C3%BCrgen_Syberberg=Hans-Jürgen Syberberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hossein_Shariatmadari=Hossein Shariatmadari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_de_la_Reguera=Ana de la Reguera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Stander=Lionel Stander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Ramirez=Sara Ramírez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Scott_(actor)=Adam Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogasawara_Tadazane=Ogasawara Tadazane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hosokawa_Tadatoshi=Hosokawa Tadatoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yekaterina_Vorontsova-Dashkova=Ekaterina Romanovna Voroncova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Ferguson_(Scottish_astronomer)=James Ferguson (1710-1776)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_H._Peterson=Eugene H. Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markus_Stockhausen=Markus Stockhausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Friend=Rupert Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Souza=Steve Souza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dausprungas=Dausprungas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licinia_Eudoxia=Licinia Eudossia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Leopold_Theodor_Friedrich_Zincken=Julius Leopold Theodor Friedrich Zincken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Robson=Wayne Robson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Claude_Marie_Vincent_de_Gournay=Vincent de Gournay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillian_Cross=Gillian Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_Moreno_Torroba=Federico Moreno Torroba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B6rg_Demus=Jörg Demus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariele_Ventre=Mariele Ventre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monique_Haas=Monique Haas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Payne=Bruce Payne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Hadamovsky=Eugen Hadamovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Grousset=René Grousset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raimbaut_of_Orange=Raimbaut d'Aurenga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_von_St%C3%BClpnagel=Otto von Stülpnagel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harald_Quandt=Harald Quandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Franz_Burgm%C3%BCller=Johann Friedrich Franz Burgmüller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Caecilius_Metellus_Macedonicus=Quinto Cecilio Metello Macedonico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Caecilius_Metellus_Pius=Quinto Cecilio Metello Pio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Hargreaves=Alison Hargreaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Parker_Remond=Sarah Parker Remond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Allen=Laura Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Stewart,_6th_High_Steward_of_Scotland=Walter Stewart (VI grande intendente di Scozia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Baddeley=Angela Baddeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_East=Jeff East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Weston=Jack Weston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roscoe_Lee_Browne=Roscoe Lee Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacey_Travis=Stacey Travis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Garner=Margaret Garner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicki_Lewis=Vicki Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_H._Lathrop=Philip H. Lathrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Glazer=Benjamin Glazer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Broszat=Martin Broszat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuno_Becker=Kuno Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baba_Sali=Baba Sali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarsem_Singh=Tarsem Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikio_Naruse=Mikio Naruse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saffron_Burrows=Saffron Burrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventura_Pons=Ventura Pons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Majah=Ibn Maja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Stark=Ian Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mentuhotep_IV=Mentuhotep IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Caprotti=Arturo Caprotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Jones=Cherry Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianni_Rodari=Gianni Rodari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Freeborn=Stuart Freeborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Frederick_Lewis=John Frederick Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_Simoni=Sabrina Simoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giraut_de_Bornelh=Giraut de Bornelh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theresa_Randle=Theresa Randle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Liss=Johann Liss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleen_Gray=Coleen Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Mazurki=Mike Mazurki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gul_Mohammed=Gul Mohammed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Goodman=Henry Goodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Hyde=Jonathan Hyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Harukata=Sue Harukata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Wiedergott=Karl Wiedergott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiva_Goldsman=Akiva Goldsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Martin_Stern=Richard Martin Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zacharias_Dase=Zacharias Dase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robia_LaMorte=Robia LaMorte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabitha_Soren=Tabitha Soren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udayadityavarman_II=Udayadityavarman II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Newman_(actor)=Fred Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Compton,_2nd_Marquess_of_Northampton=Spencer Compton, II marchese di Northampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Yudina=Marija Veniaminovna Judina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Cannavale=Bobby Cannavale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bau=Josef Bau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cromwell_(director)=John Cromwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tod_Robbins=Clarence Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Poage=George Poage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reino_Helismaa=Reino Helismaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eamonn_Walker=Eamonn Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldemar_Hoven=Waldemar Hoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fausto_Poli=Fausto Poli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilad_Atzmon=Gilad Atzmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerius_Anshelm=Valerius Anshelm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Kerr,_1st_Marquess_of_Lothian=Robert Kerr, I marchese di Lothian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Illica=Luigi Illica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Foner_Gyllenhaal=Naomi Foner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volusianus_of_Tours=Volusiano di Tours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Gyllenhaal=Stephen Gyllenhaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Minghella=Max Minghella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Morosini=Francesco Morosini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooke_Langton=Brooke Langton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsinoe_I=Arsinoe I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Andreyevich_Ivanov=Aleksandr Andreevič Ivanov (pittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_Guest=Lance Guest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Lefkowitz=Mary Lefkowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Mary_Stewart=Catherine Mary Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amira_Casar=Amira Casar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Idlette=Patricia Idlette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsha_P._Johnson=Marsha P. Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D._Hertz=John D. Hertz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rector=James Rector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Ingalls=Caroline Ingalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ingalls=Charles Ingalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_McKinnon=Gary McKinnon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilghazi=Ilghazi ibn Artuq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_d'Agincourt=François d'Agincourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Pemberton=Steve Pemberton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiaki_Kawajiri=Yoshiaki Kawajiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanni_Moretti=Nanni Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stavros_Niarchos=Stavros Niarchos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanna_Thompson=Susanna Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Jansz._Saenredam=Pieter Jansz Saenredam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Unterweger=Jack Unterweger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Ellis_(biologist)=Richard Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zayed_Khan=Zayed Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Berger_(mathematician)=Robert Berger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Sch%C3%B6ner=Johannes Schöner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Calabro=Thomas Calabro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Bauchau=Patrick Bauchau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_DeRogatis=Jim DeRogatis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Dupont=Madeleine Dupont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Schillebeeckx=Edward Schillebeeckx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krishan_Kant=Krishan Kant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Neville_(actor)=John Neville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karol_%C5%9Awierczewski=Karol Świerczewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knuts_Skujenieks=Knuts Skujenieks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Deulofeu=Alexandre Deulofeu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micheline_Bernardini=Micheline Bernardini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qutb_al-Din_al-Shirazi=Qotb al-Din Shirazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Bergin=Mary Bergin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Anderson_(fencer)=Bob Anderson (spadaccino)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Bostridge=Ian Bostridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Dargomyzhsky=Aleksandr Sergeevič Dargomyžskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_McCord_Adams=Marilyn McCord Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Gies=Jan Gies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Zupi=Giovanni Battista Zupi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Melville_Hays=Charles Melville Hays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_do_Carmo_Silveira=Maria do Carmo Silveira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Paulson=Sarah Paulson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ellenstein=Robert Ellenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_III_of_Egypt=Cleopatra III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Thomas=Gerald Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florian_Geyer=Florian Geyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Podeswa=Jeremy Podeswa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Parkes=Michael Parkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Grenier=Adrian Grenier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_von_Lahousen=Erwin Lahousen von Vivremont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Garnier_(architect)=Tony Garnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demetrio_Camarda=Demetrio Camarda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mayasich=John Mayasich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Nasa'i=Al-Nasa'i
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Jordan=Leslie Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Allen_(actress)=Nancy Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_McBride=Kevin McBride (pugile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriane_Lenox=Adriane Lenox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satomi_Arai=Satomi Arai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriarch_Pimen_I_of_Moscow=Pimen (patriarca di Mosca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staf_De_Clercq=Staf De Clercq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Montgomerie,_12th_Earl_of_Eglinton=Hugh Montgomerie, XII conte di Eglinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Nobel=Robert Nobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florin_Felecan=Florin Felecan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Nolan=Lloyd Nolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umi_Tenjin=Umi Tenjin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_Vadian=Joachim Vadiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teun_A._van_Dijk=Teun Adrianus van Dijk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Gazdar=Gerald Gazdar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Hjelmslev=Louis Trolle Hjelmslev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Christiansen=Larry Christiansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ban_Biao=Ban Biao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Gatto=Anthony Gatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Slater=Glenn Slater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haji_(actress)=Haji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haim_Arlosoroff=Haim Arlozoroff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernt_Notke=Bernt Notke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shari_Eubank=Shari Eubank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasquale_Cicogna=Pasquale Cicogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Lando=Pietro Lando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Gritti=Andrea Gritti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_I,_Count_of_Louvain=Goffredo II di Lovanio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Campanella=Joseph Campanella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenio_Barsanti=Eugenio Barsanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babette_Bardot=Babette Bardot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Jones=Mickey Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiro_Mashima=Hiro Mashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saad_Hariri=Saʿd Ḥarīrī
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostino_Tassi=Agostino Tassi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Joy_McCracken=Henry Joy McCracken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Ari_Parker=Nicole Ari Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Kodjoe=Boris Kodjoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgios_Roubanis=Georgios Roubanis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Kholodov=Dmitrij Jur'evič Cholodov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Louis_de_Voyer_de_Paulmy_d'Argenson=René-Louis de Voyer de Paulmy d'Argenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rauni-Leena_Luukanen-Kilde=Rauni-Leena Luukanen-Kilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonette_McKee=Lonette McKee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Vernon=Kate Vernon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristina_Deutekom=Cristina Deutekom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayne_County=Jayne County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarita_Choudhury=Sarita Choudhury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Aurelius_Memmius_Symmachus=Quinto Aurelio Memmio Simmaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Chion=Michel Chion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_M._Dickinson=Jacob McGavock Dickinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zo%C3%AB_Akins=Zoë Akins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Hunt=Crystal Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnecchi-Soldo_Organtino=Organtino Gnecchi Soldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandy_Bruno=Mandy Bruno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Richter_(conductor)=Hans Richter (direttore d'orchestra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christie_Golden=Christie Golden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Ford=Wallace Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Di%C3%A9mer=Louis Diémer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Weissenberg=Alexis Weissenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenta_Kobashi=Kenta Kobashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Zonder=Mark Zonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Blackwell=Elizabeth Blackwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Ockrent=Christine Ockrent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raoul_Auger_Feuillet=Raoul-Auger Feuillet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Prosperin=Erik Prosperin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Wollaston_Franks=Augustus Wollaston Franks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bletcher=Billy Bletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Gillies=Daniel Gillies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Friedman=Rose Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksander_Zawisza=Aleksander Zawisza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Kr%C3%A1sa=Hans Krása
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marisol_Nichols=Marisol Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrence_Howard=Terrence Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_Fuller=Drew Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Peterson=Frank Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_I,_Duke_of_Saxony=Ottone I di Sassonia (duca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boles%C5%82aw_I_the_Tall=Boleslao I l'Alto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Warchus=Matthew Warchus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Bamford=Thomas Bamford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mieczys%C5%82aw_Horszowski=Mieczysław Horszowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Goode=Richard Goode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremias_Benjamin_Richter=Jeremias Benjamin Richter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Drago=Billy Drago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Surtees_(cinematographer)=Robert Surtees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Duvivier=Julien Duvivier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Strobel=Eric Strobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Tyson=Richard Tyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_N%C3%A1pravn%C3%ADk=Eduard Francevič Napravnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Liman=Doug Liman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Rosei=Peter Rosei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.W._Bartley,_III=William Bartley III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdelbaset_al-Megrahi=Abd el-Basset Ali al-Megrahi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Reynolds_(skateboarder)=Andrew Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Potter_(jazz_saxophonist)=Chris Potter (sassofonista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Libet=Benjamin Libet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Russo=Carmen Russo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Geeson=Judy Geeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandra_Cheeseborough=Chandra Cheeseborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P%C3%A1l_Szinyei_Merse=Pál Szinyei Merse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Pizarro_(conquistador)=Juan Pizarro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Miller_(comedian)=Larry Miller (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Bertini=Henri Bertini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akbar_Ganji=Akbar Gangi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Golia=Pavel Golia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Oryema=Geoffrey Oryema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Gorman=Tom Gorman (giocatore di lacrosse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boles%C5%82aw_II_Rogatka=Boleslao II di Slesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Seymour,_19th_Duke_of_Somerset=John Seymour, XIX duca di Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Seymour,_17th_Duke_of_Somerset=Evelyn Seymour, XVII duca di Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Seymour,_16th_Duke_of_Somerset=Edward Seymour, XVI duca di Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algernon_St_Maur,_14th_Duke_of_Somerset=Algernon Seymour, XIV duca di Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Baader=Johannes Baader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Steve_Holland=Savage Steve Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenpai_Wangchuk,_8th_Panchen_Lama=Tenpai Wangchuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhores_Medvedev=Žores Medvedev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Guillaume=James Guillaume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakov_Zak=Âkov Izrailevič Zak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Momoa=Jason Momoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dillwyn_Llewelyn=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Dumont=Bruno Dumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Ray_Karlmark=Gloria Cecelia Ray Karlmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurycy_Mochnacki=Maurycy Mochnacki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayme_Monjardim=Jayme Monjardim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wisher=Michael Wisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Kiepura=Jan Kiepura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bril=Paul Bril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthonie_Heinsius=Anthonie Heinsius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Rich=Adam Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Jos%C3%A9_Saer=Juan José Saer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallie_Todd=Hallie Todd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Stevens_(actor)=Mark Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Cartmell=Nathaniel Cartmell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Cloughen=Robert Cloughen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeda_Nobushige=Takeda Nobushige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallen=Wallen (disambigua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Taylor_(athlete)=John Taylor (atleta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeannot_Szwarc=Jeannot Szwarc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utpal_Dutt=Utpal Dutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Zebub=Bill Zebub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Randolph=Jane Randolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justina_Machado=Justina Machado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kleitias=Kleitias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Tannstetter=Georg Tannstetter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felice_Matteucci=Felice Matteucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danzy_Senna=Danzy Senna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbie=Herbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeu_Perestrello=Bartolomeo Perestrello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Domenico_Tiepolo=Giandomenico Tiepolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artur_de_Sacadura_Cabral=Sacadura Cabral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gago_Coutinho=Gago Coutinho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Chatterton_Dix=William Chatterton Dix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diogo_Dias=Diogo Dias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo%C3%A3o_da_Nova=João da Nova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milt_Gabler=Milt Gabler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duarte_Fernandes=Duarte Fernandes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Willeford=Charles Willeford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_de_Sintra=Pedro da Sintra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feliciano_de_Silva=Feliciano de Silva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Amendola=Tony Amendola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelis_de_Bruijn=Cornelis de Bruijn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Estevez=Joe Estevez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poondi_Kumaraswamy=Poondi Kumaraswamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P%C3%AAro_Vaz_de_Caminha=Pêro Vaz de Caminha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilla_von_Rebay=Hilla von Rebay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_der_Marwitz=Georg von der Marwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostinho_da_Silva=Agostinho da Silva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeshe_Tsogyal=Yeshe Tsogyal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren%C3%A9_Crevel=René Crevel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentine_Hugo=Valentine Hugo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgilio_Canio_Corbo=Virgilio Corbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronan_Vibert=Ronan Vibert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justyna_Steczkowska=Justyna Steczkowska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Jarecki=Eugene Jarecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrence_Mann=Terrence Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flemming_Rasmussen=Flemming Rasmussen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Sabol=Steve Sabol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Moreno=Francisco Moreno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Storey=Peter Storey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_%C5%81aski_(1456%E2%80%931531)=Jan Łaski (arcivescovo cattolico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clitomachus_(philosopher)=Clitomaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liudolf,_Duke_of_Swabia=Liudolfo di Svevia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_C._Peery=George Campbell Peery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itzhak_Stern=Itzhak Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Mancuso=Nick Mancuso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleophon_(politician)=Cleofonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zelia_Nuttall=Zelia Nuttall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kleophon_Painter=Pittore di Cleofonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anitta=Anitta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakariya_al-Qazwini=Zakariyya al-Qazwini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gervase_of_Canterbury=Gervasio di Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garwin_Sanford=Garwin Sanford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophanes_the_Greek=Teofane il Greco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriano_Sofri=Adriano Sofri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridei_I=Bridei I dei Pitti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Jarecki=Andrew Jarecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Dalbor=Edmund Dalbor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kleophrades_Painter=Pittore di Cleofrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Baldissera_Tiepolo=Lorenzo Tiepolo (pittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algirdas_Julien_Greimas=Algirdas Julien Greimas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Panarello=Melissa Panarello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Aleandro=Norma Aleandro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Kolb=Clarence Kolb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Moss=Jeff Moss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_al-Hakam_al-Kirmani=Al-Kirmani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Cafiero=Carlo Cafiero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larisa_Shepitko=Larisa Efimovna Šepit'ko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvette_Clarke=Yvette Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dania_Ramirez=Dania Ramírez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Nicolaus_von_Dreyse=Johann Nikolaus von Dreyse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Sneva=Tom Sneva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hallam=John Hallam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Crofford=Keith Crofford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nettleton_(actor)=John Nettleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KaDee_Strickland=KaDee Strickland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Blumhardt=Christoph Friedrich Blumhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonhard_Ragaz=Leonhard Ragaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_Jopek=Anna Maria Jopek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Lucheni=Luigi Lucheni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Franzese=Daniel Franzese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspare_Campari=Gaspare Campari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Fitzpatrick=Leo Fitzpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_E._Johns=Harold E. Johns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Rue=Sara Rue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Baptist_Metz=Johann Baptist Metz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Knowles_Paine=John Knowles Paine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Pyfrom=Shawn Pyfrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Tausk=Viktor Tausk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Marie_Terray=Joseph Marie Terray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Kind=Richard Kind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Gildo=Rex Gildo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariano_Melgar=Mariano Melgar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Beazley=John Beazley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoku=Hoku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hoyningen-Huene=George Hoyningen-Huene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mateo_Pumacahua=Mateo Pumacahua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Lavagna=Roberto Lavagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_da_Fonseca_(cardinal)=Pedro Fonseca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julio_Bocca=Julio Bocca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Dale=Thomas Dale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Button=Thomas Button
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Gilbert_(actor)=Marcus Gilbert (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Percy,_10th_Duke_of_Northumberland=Hugh Percy, X duca di Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_Emmerich=Noah Emmerich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Buchman=Sidney Buchman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Layard,_Baron_Layard=Richard Layard, barone Layard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achyuta_Deva_Raya=Achyuta Deva Raya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Forssell=Hans Forssell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Zajc=Ivan Zajc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Abbott_(actor)=John Abbott (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_Anderson=Sunshine Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._Wood=George Wood (attore 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Constantine=Michael Constantine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonar_Bain=Bonar Bain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publius_Autronius_Paetus=Publio Autronio Peto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Jolley=Elizabeth Jolley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Percy,_8th_Duke_of_Northumberland=Alan Percy, VIII duca di Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tilbury=John Tilbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hudson_(botanist)=William Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Badham=Mary Badham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semeka_Randall=Semeka Randall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Patrice_Christ=Carol Patrice Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Varconi=Victor Varconi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Adolph_Brorson=Hans Adolph Brorson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavril_Radomir_of_Bulgaria=Gavril Radomir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadi_Volodos=Arkadij Volodos'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintus_Fabius_Ambustus_(dictator)=Quinto Fabio Ambusto (dittatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Lombardi=Johnny Lombardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Reichenbach=Karl Reichenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Schuckardt=Francis Schuckardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Daniels=William H. Daniels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yona_Metzger=Yona Metzger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Markham=David Markham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Ebersole=Christine Ebersole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Manigault=Earl Manigault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kohan=David Kohan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Mutchnick=Max Mutchnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Shu=Lin Shu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenius_Johann_Christoph_Esper=Eugenius Johann Christoph Esper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irina_Ratushinskaya=Irina Ratušinskaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_D%C3%B6nhoff=Marion Gräfin Dönhoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Magidson=Herb Magidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariana_Richards=Ariana Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Guiton=Jean Guiton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Pickles=Christina Pickles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hunter_(director)=Paul Hunter (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Stanford_Brown=Georg Stanford Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Dixon=Chuck Dixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Reed_(politician)=Joseph Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Cadell_(artist)=Francis Cadell (pittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mwadi_Mabika=Mwadi Mabika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Picot=Georges Picot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._F._Th._van_der_Heijden=A.F.Th. van der Heijden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Glob=Peter Glob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Azzi=Jennifer Azzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Forman=Simon Forman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfhart_Pannenberg=Wolfhart Pannenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Stieler=Adolf Stieler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Ayres=Agnes Ayres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tobias=John Tobias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beno%C3%AEt_Jacquot=Benoît Jacquot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Antonio_Pezet=Juan Antonio Pezet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansel_Briggs=Ansel Briggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dance=Charles Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriarch_Alexy_I_of_Moscow=Alessio I (patriarca di Mosca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Raymond=Paula Raymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leigh-Allyn_Baker=Leigh-Allyn Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zsigmond_M%C3%B3ricz=Zsigmond Móricz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Cloud=Kevin Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luan_Krasniqi=Luan Krasniqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_Deaton=Angus Deaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artaxias_II=Artaxias II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Weston=Michael Weston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Soper=Tony Soper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Sher=Lawrence Sher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Pereira_(major)=Fernando Pereira (militare)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Curzon,_2nd_Baroness_Ravensdale=Mary Curzon, II baronessa Ravensdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alana_de_la_Garza=Alana de la Garza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Ehrhardt=Hermann Ehrhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Cromwell=Henry Cromwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanis%C5%82aw_Moniuszko=Stanisław Moniuszko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_Robert=Yves Robert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravachol=Ravachol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddy_Ryan=Paddy Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kym_Marsh=Kym Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Featley=Daniel Featley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asclepiodotus_(philosopher)=Asclepiodoto (tattico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermias_(apologist)=Ermia (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Howard,_1st_Earl_of_Berkshire=Thomas Howard, I conte di Berkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanns_Braun=Hanns Braun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Knyvet,_1st_Baron_Knyvet=Tommaso Knyvet, I barone Knyvet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Abbott=Philip Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Bennett=Jimmy Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belisario_Porras_Barahona=Belisario Porras Barahona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_I_of_Cyprus=Pietro I di Cipro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Lassick=Sydney Lassick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Tessenow=Heinrich Tessenow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirjam_Weichselbraun=Mirjam Weichselbraun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Graham,_3rd_Duke_of_Montrose=James Graham, III duca di Montrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beth_Hirsch=Beth Hirsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_II_of_Cyprus=Pietro II di Cipro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lev_Grossman=Lev Grossman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Bachmann=Michele Bachmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_H%C3%A9bert=Georges Hébert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Schull=Amanda Schull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Randell=Ron Randell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Mydorge=Claude Mydorge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandre_Benois=Aleksandr Nikolaevič Benois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Kugler=Victor Kugler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Kleiman=Johannes Kleiman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Molnar=Thomas Molnar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mala_Powers=Mala Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bep_Voskuijl=Bep Voskuijl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_A._Wilson=Harold Wilson (atleta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Hallows=Norman Hallows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_E._McDonald=James McDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron_Foulger=Byron Foulger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Tremeer=Jimmy Tremeer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roza_Robota=Roza Robota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Duff=Howard Duff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_Bosanquet=Day Bosanquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Marx=Joseph Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_von_Sauer=Emil von Sauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Dini=Paul Dini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Goetz=Hermann Goetz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Tyler=Tom Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Kiel=Friedrich Kiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Brashares=Ann Brashares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesley_Dunlop=Lesley Dunlop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markus_Merk=Markus Merk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lud%C4%9Bk_Pachman=Luděk Pachman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Quinn=Patricia Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_of_Macedon=Cleopatra di Macedonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Sulpice_Beudant=François Sulpice Beudant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Toler=Sidney Toler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigrid_Gurie=Sigrid Gurie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Celestine_II=Teobaldo Boccapecora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Innocent_III=Antipapa Innocenzo III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Monnier=Marc Monnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abul_Hasan_ash-Shadhili=Abu l-Hasan al-Shadhili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasilios_Kotronias=Vasileios Kotrōnias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Gottfried_Ebel=Johann Gottfried Ebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munjong_of_Goryeo=Munjong di Goryeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branscombe_Richmond=Branscombe Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Gavazzi=Alessandro Gavazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Saintenoy=Paul Saintenoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Henri_Barrois=Jules Henri Barrois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sol_Katz=Sol Katz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molefi_Kete_Asante=Molefi Kete Asante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Gottschalk_Wallerius=Johan Gottschalk Wallerius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Safronov=Viktor Sergeevič Safronov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Ubogu=Victor Ubogu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Fishman=Hal Fishman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Bickford_(animator)=Bruce Bickford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_West,_1st_Baron_De_La_Warr=William West, I barone De La Warr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verna_Felton=Verna Felton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asclepiades_of_Samos=Asclepiade di Samo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Karnes=Jay Karnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asclepiades_of_Bithynia=Asclepiade di Bitinia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asclepigenia=Asclepigenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cary_Stayner=Cary Stayner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabu_Dastagir=Sabu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Druckman=Jacob Druckman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina_Philips=Gina Philips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Clinch=Danny Clinch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barton_MacLane=Barton MacLane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mascha_Kal%C3%A9ko=Mascha Kaléko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Jacques_Burlamaqui=Jean-Jacques Burlamaqui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arielle_Dombasle=Arielle Dombasle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilles_Tschudi=Gilles Tschudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aegidius_Tschudi=Aegidius Tschudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerson_Huang=Kerson Huang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susumu_Yokota=Susumu Yokota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Plant%C3%A9=Francis Planté
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Avallone=Martin Cruz Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Fischer=Bobby Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ratcliffe_(governor)=John Ratcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stirling_Silliphant=Stirling Silliphant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gian_Giacomo_Trivulzio=Gian Giacomo Trivulzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Cammell=Donald Cammell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnar_Malmquist=Gunnar Malmquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_E._Krauss=Rosalind Krauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Mitchell=Chuck Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Collard=Cyril Collard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrado_Carnevale=Corrado Carnevale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Ge=Nikolaj Nikolaevič Ge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Monahan=Dan Monahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Harvey_Riley=Joseph Harvey Riley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Rhodes=Cynthia Rhodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Peyron=Bruno Peyron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amenirdis_I=Amenardis I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Cohran=Phil Cohran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sancho_I_of_Pamplona=Sancho I Garcés di Navarra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommaso_Salvini=Tommaso Salvini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partha_Dasgupta=Partha Dasgupta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Dyson=Jeremy Dyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Michalakopoulos=Andreas Michalakopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Sergei=Ivan Sergei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badi_II=Badi II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_J._Travanti=Daniel J. Travanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J%C3%B3zef_Ch%C5%82opicki=Józef Chłopicki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Beno%C3%AEt=Jean Benoît
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Roth=Lillian Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gammon=James Gammon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wong_Howe=James Wong Howe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivienne_Dick=Vivienne Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enmebaragesi=Enmebaragesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Park_(comedian)=Steve Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shmuley_Boteach=Shmuley Boteach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidya_Balan=Vidya Balan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupita_Tovar=Lupita Tovar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astyages=Astiage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garo_Aida=Garo Aida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis,_Count_of_Gravina=Luigi di Durazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Schiller=Leon Schiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiji_Gotoh=Keiji Gotō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khioniya_Guseva=Chionija Guseva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adalgisa_Nery=Adalgisa Nery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wilson_(writer)=Michael Wilson (sceneggiatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Jarrico=Paul Jarrico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Bruce,_11th_Earl_of_Elgin=Andrew Bruce, XI conte di Elgin e XV conte di Kincardine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_Figes=Orlando Figes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Birrane=Martin Birrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yehoshafat_Harkabi=Yehoshafat Harkabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Nicod=Jean Nicod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olga_Bergholz=Ol'ga Fëdorovna Berggol'c
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Williams_(actor)=Bill Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Maltz=Albert Maltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Calleia=Joseph Calleia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Miller_(actor)=Marvin Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Senfl=Ludwig Senfl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Johnson=Diane Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Cowan=Jerome Cowan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osa_Massen=Osa Massen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hennessy=David Hennessy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Collins_(writer)=Larry Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolay_Muravyov-Amursky=Nikolaj Nikolaevič Murav'ëv-Amurskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Zabolino=Jacopo Zabolino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Satterfield=Paul Satterfield (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_McNeeley=Peter McNeeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Schulze=Paul Schulze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lindsay,_29th_Earl_of_Crawford=Robert Lindsay, XXIX conte di Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farhan_Akhtar=Farhan Akhtar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yee_Jee_Tso=Yee Jee Tso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martinus_Nijhoff=Martinus Nijhoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barton_(theologian)=John Barton (teologo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euros_Lyn=Euros Lyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._W._Kenyon=Essek William Kenyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Foreman=Carl Foreman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zohra_Lampert=Zohra Lampert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Dutt=Guru Dutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castinus=Flavio Castino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Sastre=Alfonso Sastre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Mieses=Jacques Mieses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Beauchamp,_16th_Countess_of_Warwick=Anne de Beauchamp, XVI contessa di Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Eisele=John Eisele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minamoto_no_Yorimitsu=Minamoto no Yorimitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Robertson_(athlete)=Archie Robertson (atleta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradford_Dillman=Bradford Dillman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Modersohn-Becker=Paula Modersohn-Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Deakin=Joe Deakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hamilton_(athlete)=William Hamilton (atleta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simonetta_Stefanelli=Simonetta Stefanelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Trieloff=Otto Trieloff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Villiers=Alan Villiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Eicke=Hans Eicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hoffmann_(athlete)=Arthur Hoffmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_DeLuise=Peter DeLuise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q'orianka_Kilcher=Q'orianka Kilcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Macready=George Macready
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Rothhaar=Will Rothhaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._G._Hertzler=John Garman Hertzler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Vandernoot=Alexandra Vandernoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Lapierre=Dominique Lapierre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurizio_Gucci=Maurizio Gucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Kozlov=Pëtr Kuz'mič Kozlov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_De_Croo=Herman De Croo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlieb_August_Wilhelm_Herrich-Sch%C3%A4ffer=Gottlieb August Wilhelm Herrich-Schäffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Pavlovich_Grigorovich=Dmitrij Pavlovič Grigorovič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Childress=George Childress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gretchen_Carlson=Gretchen Carlson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Dvo%C5%99%C3%A1k=Max Dvořák
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Stephens=Simon Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutland_Boughton=Rutland Boughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cercamon=Cercamon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismael_Nery=Ismael Nery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Brackett=Charles Brackett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Arteta=Miguel Arteta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Starrett=Jack Starrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanche_of_Navarre,_Countess_of_Champagne=Bianca di Navarra (1177-1229)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frigyes_Mezei=Frigyes Mezei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bartel=Paul Bartel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Woronov=Mary Woronov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Massaquoi=Hans Massaquoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Brandon_(actor)=Henry Brandon (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Parks=Tim Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Muir=Jamie Muir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berniece_Baker_Miracle=Bernice Miracle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moira_Harris=Moira Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooke_Adams_(actress)=Brooke Adams (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Hofmann_(athlete)=Fritz Hofmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Schmidt=Eugen Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgios_Gennimatas_(athlete)=Georgios Gennimatas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Jamison=Herbert Jamison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Savon=Volodymyr Savon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tichina_Arnold=Tichina Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birger_Brosa=Birger Brosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Boyer=Jonathan Boyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blairo_Maggi=Blairo Maggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasu_no_Yoichi=Nasu no Yoichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havoc_Pennington=Havoc Pennington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_A._Rainey=Lawrence Rainey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Lenica=Jan Lenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangeline_Booth=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Carter_(comedian)=Jack Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Simons=Simone Simons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adeodato_Giovanni_Piazza=Adeodato Piazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Kwanten=Ryan Kwanten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rosher=Charles Rosher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Jenkins=Richard Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Cassidy=Joanna Cassidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Thurman=Karen Thurman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Atwill=Lionel Atwill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanne_Bier=Susanne Bier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Skinner_(composer)=Frank Skinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Semon=Larry Semon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Shelley=Barbara Shelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Baseotto=Antonio Baseotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Churchill_Semple=Ellen Semple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Allioni=Carlo Allioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentine_Ball=Valentine Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Palomino=Antonio Palomino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Ward_Baker=Roy Ward Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Bedoya=Alfonso Bedoya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_DeLuise=Michael DeLuise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Badler=Jane Badler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ljudevit_Gaj=Ljudevit Gaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadius_of_Antioch=Arcadio di Antiochia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwin_Baker=Erwin George Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Bamber=Jamie Bamber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Rossovich=Rick Rossovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tia_Texada=Tia Texada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Vincent_Wallace=William Vincent Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skipp_Sudduth=Skipp Sudduth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hans_Kolvenbach=Peter Hans Kolvenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Law=Leslie Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgette_Andersen=Bridgette Andersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Gelfand=Boris Gelfand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_St_Maur,_11th_Duke_of_Somerset=Edward Seymour, XI duca di Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Spencer=Jesse Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webb_Seymour,_10th_Duke_of_Somerset=Webb Seymour, X duca di Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Seymour,_9th_Duke_of_Somerset=Edward Seymour, IX duca di Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Seymour,_8th_Duke_of_Somerset=Edward Seymour, VIII duca di Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channing_Tatum=Channing Tatum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algernon_Seymour,_7th_Duke_of_Somerset=Algernon Seymour, VII duca di Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sami_Aldeeb=Sami Aldeeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Holden=Alexandra Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Seymour,_5th_Duke_of_Somerset=Francis Seymour, V duca di Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Seymour,_4th_Duke_of_Somerset=John Seymour, IV duca di Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Jongen=Joseph Jongen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Seymour,_3rd_Duke_of_Somerset=William Seymour, III duca di Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Seymour,_2nd_Duke_of_Somerset=William Seymour, II duca di Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_Meyer=Yves Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cameron_Townsend=William Cameron Townsend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Langdon=Harry Langdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patsy_Kelly=Patsy Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Aveling=Edward Aveling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smilets_of_Bulgaria=Smilec di Bulgaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Alexander_of_Bulgaria=Ivan Alessandro di Bulgaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Demidenko=Nikolaj Anatol'evič Demidenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Goldberg_(animator)=Eric Goldberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitrios_Golemis=Dimitrios Golemis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelos_Fetsis=Angelos Fetsis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raleigh_Trevelyan=Raleigh Trevelyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Puckette=Miller Puckette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Louis_Norden=Frederic Louis Norden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Squarcialupi=Antonio Squarcialupi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_La_Farina=Giuseppe La Farina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_Pareja=Juan de Pareja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillipe_de_Plessis=Philippe de Plaissis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Moody=Anne Moody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zosimos_of_Panopolis=Zosimo di Panopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Kaufmann=Karl Kaufmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitt_al-Mulk=Sitt al-Mulk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Robens,_Baron_Robens_of_Woldingham=Alfred Robens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Dumage=Pierre Du Mage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Holtzmann=Adolf Holtzmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_West=Dorothy West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_de_S%C3%A9lys_Longchamps=Edmond de Sélys Longchamps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alemdar_Mustafa_Pasha=Alemdar Mustafa Pascià
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_J._Klass=Philip Julian Klass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_B._Redford=Donald Redford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markus_Oscarsson=Markus Oscarsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Rang=Zhang Rang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Elliott=Sam Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Kline=Richard Kline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Gibson_(conductor)=Alexander Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_O._Russell=David O. Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aby_Warburg=Aby Warburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mauceri=John Mauceri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henk_Vredeling=Henk Vredeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Lardinois=Pierre Lardinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maan_Sassen=Maan Sassen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazo_de_la_Roche=Mazo de la Roche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivien_Cardone=Vivien Cardone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harumi_Tsuyuzaki=Harumi Tsuyuzaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chakib_Khelil=Chakib Khelil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Popper=Julius Popper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albin_Lermusiaux=Albin Lermusiaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Galle=Carl Galle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantinos_Karakatsanis=Konstantinos Karakatsanis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Harris_(actress)=Barbara Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Rein-Hagen=Mark Rein·Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Atkins_(actor)=Tom Atkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Abrahams=Israel Abrahams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Mancuso=David Mancuso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Foster=Ben Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Chauvel_(filmmaker)=Charles Chauvel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Lester=Adrian Lester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gilmore=Peter Gilmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Witzel=Michael Witzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Gustaf_Dahlbom=Anders Gustaf Dahlbom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hevia=Hevia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Sachau=Eduard Sachau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Vilhelm_Zetterst%C3%A9en=K.V. Zetterstéen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Trickey=Paula Trickey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Alfani=Domenico Alfani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Leone_Cooper=Marianne Leone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dedee_Pfeiffer=Dedee Pfeiffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbigniew_Cybulski=Zbigniew Cybulski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Christmas=Eric Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Van_Seters=John Van Seters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harpalus=Arpalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Hugues=Victor Hugues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paku_Alam_VIII=Paku Alam VIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Badel=Alan Badel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_Headey=Lena Headey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_West,_8th_Baron_De_La_Warr=Thomas West, VIII barone De La Warr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Warren=Sharon Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Barbara_Bach=Maria Barbara Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_West,_9th_Baron_De_La_Warr=Thomas West, IX barone De La Warr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Ganios=Tony Ganios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Jurek=Scott Jurek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Brook=Clive Brook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Gottlob_Moltke=Adam Gottlob Moltke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Musurus=Marco Musuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alwin-Broder_Albrecht=Alwin-Broder Albrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyatt_Knight=Wyatt Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christian_Felix_Baehr=Johann Christian Felix Baehr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Wallace=Jean Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Mansfield=Richard Mansfield (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manolis_Anagnostakis=Manolis Anagnostakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximus_of_Ephesus=Massimo di Efeso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walerian_Borowczyk=Walerian Borowczyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Karlin=Ben Karlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Othon_Friesz=Othon Friesz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rihanna=Rihanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_Oakley=Berry Oakley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ioannis_Vrettos=Ioannis Vrettos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyula_Kellner=Gyula Kellner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleftherios_Papasymeon=Eleutherios Papasymeōn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charilaos_Vasilakos=Charilaos Vasilakos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stamatios_Masouris=Stamatios Masouris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitrios_Deligiannis=Demetrios Deligannis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sokratis_Lagoudakis=Sokrates Lagoudakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelos_Gerakeris=Evangelos Gerakeris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilias_Kafetzis=Ilias Kafetzis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgios_Grigoriou=Georgios Grigoriou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitrios_Christopoulos=Dimitrios Khristopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ioannis_Lavrentis=Ioannis Lavrentis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyridon_Belokas=Spiridon Belokas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasios_Andreou=Anastasios Andreou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athanasios_Skaltsogiannis=Athanasios Skaltsogiannīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grantley_Goulding=Grantley Goulding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hoyt_(athlete)=Bill Hoyt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelos_Damaskos=Evangelos Damaskos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Tyler_(athlete)=Albert Tyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasilios_Xydas=Vasilios Xydas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ioannis_Theodoropoulos=Ioannis Theodoropoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tully_Marshall=Tully Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ioannis_Persakis=Ioannis Persakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christos_Zoumis=Khristos Zoumis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miltiadis_Gouskos=Miltiadīs Gouskos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgios_Papasideris=Georgios Papasideris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panagiotis_Paraskevopoulos=Panagiōtīs Paraskeuopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sotirios_Versis=Sotirios Versis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_S._Robertson=George Stuart Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holger_Nielsen=Holger Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Ault=Marie Ault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solage=Solage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Co%C8%99buc=George Coșbuc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Stuart=Mel Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Bennett=Bruce Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Roberts=Julie Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Forquet=Philippe Forquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosley_Crowther=Bosley Crowther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Henry_Hamilton_Tate=George Henry Hamilton Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucho_Gatica=Lucho Gatica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grzegorz_Fitelberg=Grzegorz Fitelberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arto_Oksanen=Arto Oksanen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilbye=John Wilbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentin_Voloshinov=Valentin Vološinov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Morison=Patricia Morison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaus_Poda_von_Neuhaus=Nikolaus Poda von Neuhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_S._Sadler=William S. Sadler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callippus=Callippo di Cizico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuelito=Manuelito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Wilbrandt=Adolf Wilbrandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Buck_Flower=George Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla_Belle=Camilla Belle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Archer_(artist)=James Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Stanishev=Sergej Stanišev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikos_Dimou=Nikos Dimou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_Fiermonte=Enzo Fiermonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Young=Nina Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moishe_Postone=Moishe Postone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telets_of_Bulgaria=Telec di Bulgaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Nicolai_Arbo=Peter Nicolai Arbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saira_Banu=Saira Banu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aratus_of_Sicyon=Arato di Sicione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagan_Pasha=Zagan Pascià
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Williams=Natalie Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_Palafox_y_Mendoza=Juan de Palafox y Mendoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Schad=Christian Schad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Masson_(cyclist)=Paul Masson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stamatios_Nikolopoulos=Stamatios Nikolopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Schmal=Adolf Schmal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Battell=Edward Battel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Rosemeyer=Joseph Rosemeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikos_Loverdos=Nikos Loverdos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgios_Paraskevopoulos=Georgios Paraskevopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Tryfiatis-Tripiaris=A. Tryfiatis-Tripiaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantinos_Konstantinou=Konstantinos Konstantinou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miltiades_Iatrou=Miltiadīs Iatrou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Edgerton=David Edgerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Severyanin=Igor' Severjanin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_A._Wellman=William A. Wellman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_Kay=Neal Kay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olof_the_Brash=Olof lo Sfacciato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyrd_and_Gnupa=Gyrd e Gnupa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigtrygg_Gnupasson=Sigtrygg Gnupasson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Celsing=Peter Celsing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_O'Hara_Burke=Robert O'Hara Burke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_John_Wills=William John Wills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rondell_Sheridan=Rondell Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kalodner=John Kalodner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Voss=Richard Voss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeWolf_Hopper=DeWolf Hopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Perrot=John Perrot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Morris=Howard Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Murnane=Gerald Murnane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wallop=John Wallop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Nicol_(geologist)=William Nicol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebenezer_Cobb_Morley=Ebenezer Cobb Morley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_Wall=Ricardo Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Sargent=Alvin Sargent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_ben_Jacob=Ibrahim ibn Ya'qub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodrigo_de_Triana=Rodrigo de Triana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold,_Prince_of_Anhalt-K%C3%B6then=Leopoldo di Anhalt-Köthen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Thompson_(voice_actor)=Bill Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Buckmaster=Paul Buckmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikheil_Gelovani=Mikheil Gelovani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Jaglom=Henry Jaglom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beppe_Severgnini=Beppe Severgnini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Rathke=Martin Heinrich Rathke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Horan_(actor)=James Horan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luisa_Casati=Luisa Casati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Walker_(entomologist)=Francis Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Hill_Everett=Alexander Hill Everett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_Drovetti=Bernardino Drovetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalia_Hadjiloizou=Natalia Hadjiloizou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanislava_Komarova=Stanislava Komarova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_da_Firenze=Lorenzo da Firenze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_R%C3%A9ville=Albert Réville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Canet=Guillaume Canet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaqub_ibn_Killis=Ya'qub ibn Killis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Wright_(English_actor)=Ben Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Edelstein=Lisa Edelstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalia_Lombardo=Rosalia Lombardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnie_Maddern_Fiske=Minnie Maddern Fiske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Bernstein=Walter Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Gonzal%C3%A8s=Eva Gonzalès
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armando_Cossutta=Armando Cossutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_James_(actor)=Oliver James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Bridwell=Jim Bridwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Clark_(actor)=Daniel Clark (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_da_Firenze=Paolo da Firenze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Hopkins_(director)=Stephen Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Popplewell=Anna Popplewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasan_Buzurg=Hasan-e Bozorg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Clark=Susan Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Freeman=Kathleen Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_Kaposi=Moritz Kaposi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Sansom_Harris=Harriet Sansom Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrus_Christus=Petrus Christus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Robb=David Robb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fiedler=John Fiedler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Winchell=April Winchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Darby=Kim Darby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey_Siemaszko=Casey Siemaszko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Wyss=Amanda Wyss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippolyte_Lucas=Hippolyte Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89tienne_Mulsant=Étienne Mulsant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Steindachner=Franz Steindachner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attalus_II_Philadelphus=Attalo II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Jean_Desprez=Louis Jean Desprez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Attanasio=Paul Attanasio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Attwood_(composer)=Thomas Attwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Hofmann=Isabella Hofmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Linklater=Eric Robert Russell Linklater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Brukhonenko=Sergej Brjuchonenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Young=Freddie Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bell_(zoologist)=Thomas Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Blitz=Maurice Blitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Waite=Ralph Waite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Wyck_Brooks=Van Wyck Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candace_Wheeler=Candace Wheeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sherlock=David Sherlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhard_vom_Rath=Gerhard von Rath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Richter=Ernst Friedrich Richter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_William,_Baron_Ripperda=Johan Willem Ripperda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franti%C5%A1ek_Ladislav_Rieger=František Ladislav Rieger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillian_Rubinstein=Gillian Rubinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Sarti=Giuseppe Sarti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Slocombe=Douglas Slocombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Dussault=Nancy Dussault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hollis=John Hollis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alethea_McGrath=Alethea McGrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Hye-rim=Song Hye-rim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melita_Norwood=Melita Norwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Egk=Werner Egk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_August_Wilhelm_Meyer=Heinrich August Wilhelm Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wentworth_Miller=Wentworth Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Rosenthal=Franz Rosenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wichard_Joachim_Heinrich_von_M%C3%B6llendorf=Wichard Joachim Heinrich von Möllendorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Periklis_Pierrakos-Mavromichalis=Periklīs Pierrakos-Mauromichalīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Michael_Moscherosch=Johann Michael Moscherosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Callot=Henri Callot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgios_Balakakis=Georgios Balakakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athanasios_Vouros=Athanasios Vouros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ioannis_Poulos=Ioannis Poulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henriette_Davidis=Henriette Davidis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilemachos_Karakalos=Tīlemachos Karakalos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maler_M%C3%BCller=Friedrich Müller (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgios_Iatridis=Georgios Iatridis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Karl_August_Mus%C3%A4us=Johann Karl August Musäus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhard_Noodt=Gerard Noodt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanaa_Hamri=Sanaa Hamri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Pfizer=Charles Pfizer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvy_Ray_Smith=Alvy Ray Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franti%C5%A1ek_%C5%A0kroup=František Škroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Sollima=Giovanni Sollima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Dent=Catherine Dent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Radcliffe=Timothy Radcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimee_Garcia=Aimee Garcia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauro_Bolognini=Mauro Bolognini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Hamel=Veronica Hamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolino_da_Padova=Bartolino da Padova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Cooke=Josh Cooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Flatow=Gustav Felix Flatow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Manteuffel=Fritz Manteuffel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Schuft=Gustav Schuft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Neukirch=Karl Neukirch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filippos_Karvelas=Filippos Karvelas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Herd=Richard Herd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonios_Papagiannou=Antonios Papaigannou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%89douard_Glissant=Édouard Glissant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonidas_Tsiklitiras=Leōnidas Tsiklītīras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristovoulos_Petmezas=Aristovoulos Petmezas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petros_Persakis=Petros Persakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaos_Andriakopoulos=Nikolaos Andriakopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Xenakis=Thomas Xenakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barral_of_Baux=Barral di Baux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Pomerance=Carl Pomerance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddy_Considine=Paddy Considine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Cochran=Steve Cochran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Ghirshman=Roman Ghirshman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Lennon_(actor)=Thomas Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Panda=Andy Panda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matth%C3%A4us_Daniel_P%C3%B6ppelmann=Matthäus Daniel Pöppelmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Martel=Diane Martel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z._D._Mangoaela=Zakea Dolphin Mangoaela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Arkwright_junior=Richard Arkwright Junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Heald=Anthony Heald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Eugene_Davis=Roy Eugene Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Miliband=Ralph Miliband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tryphon=Trifone di Alessandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anas_ibn_Malik=Anas ibn Malik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazimierz_Sabbat=Kazimierz Sabbat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvador_Laurel=Salvador Laurel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Hildyard=Jack Hildyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_M._Friedman=Benjamin Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_of_Lorraine=Anna di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliyahu_de_Vidas=Eliyahu de Vidas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Anderson=June Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Heinrich_Weizs%C3%A4cker=Karl Heinrich Weizsäcker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lawrence=Jack Lawrence (cantautore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Chetwynd=Lionel Chetwynd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buluggin_ibn_Ziri=Buluggin ibn Ziri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinji_Mikami=Shinji Mikami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathy_O'Donnell=Cathy O'Donnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Tang=Dominic Tang Yee-ming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_L._Ball=William L. Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_C._Flippen=Jay C. Flippen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucille_Bliss=Lucille Bliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Blier=Bernard Blier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvatore_Inzerillo=Salvatore Inzerillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abby_Hoffman=Abby Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_II_of_Italy=Corrado di Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Tyson_Smith=Stuart Tyson Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Nunn=Bill Nunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agrippa_the_Skeptic=Agrippa (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcinous_(philosopher)=Alcinoo (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Farr=Diane Farr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Klain=Ron Klain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Hanson_(footballer,_born_1904)=James Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Smallens=Alexander Smallens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Ducos=Roger Ducos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksey_Koltsov=Aleksej Vasil'evič Kol'cov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathieu_Carri%C3%A8re=Mathieu Carrière
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Gregory=Natalie Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatimah_bint_Asad=Fatima bint Asad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Hansen_(novelist)=Ron Hansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Chatwin=Justin Chatwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Casimir_of_the_Palatinate-Simmern=Giovanni Casimiro del Palatinato-Simmern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Michael_Hamel=Peter Michael Hamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Hague=Stephen Hague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Whitfield=Lynn Whitfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Cimino=Leonardo Cimino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Foster_(director)=Norman Foster (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Prine=Andrew Prine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Blane=Sally Blane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenny_Venito=Lenny Venito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Nesbitt=James Nesbitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Regehr=Duncan Regehr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Da_Silva=Howard Da Silva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadashi_Yanai=Tadashi Yanai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Fox_(game_designer)=David Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Dalayrac=Nicolas Dalayrac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Bauer=Max Bauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_d'Aubigny=Julie d'Aubigny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_von_Liechtenstein=Ulrich von Liechtenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marthe_Hanau=Marthe Hanau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Carey=Jamie Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marthe_Bibesco=Martha Bibescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Sj%C3%B6holm=Helen Sjöholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthard_Kettler=Gotthard Kettler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perseus_(spy)=Perseus (spia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Rowland=Mark Rowland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Icilius=Lucio Icilio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Skinner_(rugby_union)=Mickey Skinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kjell_Roar_Kaasa=Kjell Roar Kaasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst,_Baron_von_Feuchtersleben=Ernst von Feuchtersleben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Fischart=Johann Fischart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Nepomuk_von_Fuchs=Johann Nepomuk von Fuchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_von_Gentz=Friedrich von Gentz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Doni=Giovanni Battista Doni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Otte=Hans Otte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbigniew_Morsztyn=Zbigniew Morsztyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Minahan=Daniel Minahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Oyaya=Mary Oyaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubomir_Kavalek=Lubomir Kavalek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry_Miller=Perry Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Jonsson=Dennis Jonsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gunn_(filmmaker)=James Gunn (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marit_Paulsen=Marit Paulsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Wickham=William H. Wickham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wright_(actor)=Michael Wright (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyridon_Athanasopoulos=Sotirios Athanasopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitrios_Loundras=Dimitrios Loundras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ioannis_Chrysafis=Ioannis Chrysafis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_King=Allan King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zan_Ganassa=Alberto Naselli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Cook=Carole Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_de_Charette=François de Charette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Wright_(playwright)=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Manners,_6th_Duke_of_Rutland=Charles Manners, VI duca di Rutland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Wise=Greg Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Phillips=Todd Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Gerlich=Fritz Michael Gerlich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Francis_Daley=John Francis Daley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Windthorst=Ludwig Windthorst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziri_ibn_Manad=Ziri ibn Manad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Gilardino=Angelo Gilardino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_McCurry=Steve McCurry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Segel=Jason Segel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Ward_(voice_actor)=Larry Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernand_Pelloutier=Fernand Pelloutier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Bairstow=Scott Bairstow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaynab_bint_Ali=Zaynab bint 'Alī
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Frith=Francis Frith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asma_bint_Umais=Asma' bint 'Umays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_McCarthy=Jeff McCarthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdul-Rahman_ibn_Abi_Bakr=ʿAbd al-Raḥmān ibn Abī Bakr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arne_Nyberg=Arne Nyberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengt_Berndtsson=Bengt Berndtsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Weinstein=Bob Weinstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Calvert=Frank Calvert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmondo_Rossoni=Edmondo Rossoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharni_Vinson=Sharni Vinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._F._Lehmann=Julius Friedrich Lehmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinobu_Ishihara=Shinobu Ishihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niki_Caro=Niki Caro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Adams_(British_actor)=Jonathan Adams (attore britannico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Dewhurst=David Dewhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Rowe=Jennifer Rowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Mitchell=Julian Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niecy_Nash=Niecy Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Challis=Christopher Challis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gali_Atari=Gali Atari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norio_Taniguchi=Norio Taniguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiho_Niiyama=Shiho Niiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Essex_Edgeworth=Henri Edgeworth de Firmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rune_Emanuelsson=Rune Emanuelsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Fredrik_Fall%C3%A9n=Carl Fredrik Fallén
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Farrar=Stewart Farrar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hong=James Hong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_George_(RAF_officer)=Robert George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_Straight=Beatrice Straight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carla_Gugino=Carla Gugino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Wiener=Alfred Wiener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantelis_Karasevdas=Pantelīs Karasevdas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panagiotis_Pavlidis=Pavlos Pavlidīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgios_Diamantis=Georgios Diamantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Baumann=Albert Baumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Merlin=Sidney Merlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machonet=Machonet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocco_Chinnici=Rocco Chinnici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._Karagiannopoulos=G. Karagiannopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Rivabella=Giuseppe Rivabella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_III,_Count_of_Flanders=Roberto III delle Fiandre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Freinsheim=Johann Freinsheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanns_Bruno_Geinitz=Hanns Bruno Geinitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Wilhelm_Ernst_Dietrich=Christian Wilhelm Ernst Dietrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_von_Dingelstedt=Franz von Dingelstedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Karl_August_von_Eschenmayer=Adam Karl August von Eschenmayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Clark=Candy Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_van_Ess=Johann Heinrich van Ess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aminah=Amina bint Wahb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Eybeschutz=Jonathan Eybeschutz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halimah_bint_Abi_Dhuayb=Halima bint Abi Dhu'ayb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatimah_bint_Amr=Fatima bint Amr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chauncey_Leopardi=Chauncey Leopardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Lumley,_11th_Earl_of_Scarbrough=Roger Lumley, XI conte di Scarbrough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Yang_(literary_theorist)=Zhou Yang (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Unsworth=Geoffrey Unsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umm_Hakim=Umm Hakim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Knolles=Robert Knolles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Stumpp=Peter Stubbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypatius_(consul_500)=Ipazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Brudos=Jerry Brudos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansour_bin_Zayed_Al_Nahyan=Mansur bin Zayd Al Nahyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corey_Sevier=Corey Sevier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Brooks_(actor)=Jason Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Volkova=Vera Volkova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Warner=Albert Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Gould=Alexander Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Hurairah=Abu Hurayra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Alan_Basche=David Alan Basche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einar_Englund=Einar Englund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archduke_Rainer_Joseph_of_Austria=Ranieri Giuseppe d'Asburgo-Lorena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Oliver=Nancy Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelomo_Dov_Goitein=Shlomo Dov Goitein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Buck=Scott Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsbit=Prisbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zolt%C3%A1n_Lajos_Bay=Zoltán Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Simpson=Don Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darin_Brooks=Darin Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Br%C3%BChl=Daniel Brühl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalia_Cigliuti=Natalia Cigliuti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Benson=Ashley Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Thomas_Burnett=Gilbert Thomas Burnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Vilanch=Bruce Vilanch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Zea=Natalie Zea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Immanuel_Forsyth_Major=Charles Immanuel Forsyth Major
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Charles_Linnaeus_Martin=William Charles Linnaeus Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bohringer=Richard Bohringer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akshaye_Khanna=Akshaye Khanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Therrien=Michel Therrien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_James_Draper=Herbert James Draper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Marie_Heude=Pierre Marie Heude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uno_Cygnaeus=Uno Cygnaeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Edwards_(game_designer)=Ron Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Friedrich_Eversmann=Eduard Friedrich Eversmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Douglas,_2nd_Duke_of_Queensberry=James Douglas, II duca di Queensberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Zevi_Idelsohn=Abraham Zevi Idelsohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_de_Laporte_de_Castelnau=Francis de Laporte de Castelnau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betje_Wolff=Betje Wolff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wolgemut=Michael Wolgemut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wisdom=John Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aagje_Deken=Aagje Deken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerzy_Radziwi%C5%82%C5%82_(1556%E2%80%931600)=Jerzy Radziwiłł (1556-1600)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chauncey_Wright=Chauncey Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Leclair=Jean-Marie Leclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Murray,_1st_Viscount_Dunedin=Andrew Murray, I visconte Dunedin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Hartmann=Franz Hartmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_the_Breton=Guglielmo il Bretone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Weever=John Weever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptahhotep=Ptahhotep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Schwartz_(drummer)=Jon Schwartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandidas=Caṇḍīdās
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-%C3%89tienne_Montucla=Jean-Étienne Montucla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Christoph_Bach=Johann Christoph Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Michael_Bach=Johann Michael Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Purcell=Daniel Purcell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Knight=Shirley Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Kogan_(poet)=Pavel Davidovič Kogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saaya_Irie=Saaya Irie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Scott_(philologist)=Robert Scott (grecista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Nicolaus_Bach=Johann Nicolaus Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russ_Bray=Russ Bray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Finley=Moses Israel Finley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakov_Yurovsky=Jakov Michajlovič Jurovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Roosevelt_I=James Roosevelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Bulloch_Roosevelt=Elliott Bulloch Roosevelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Zabarella=Jacopo Zabarella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrtle_Gonzalez=Myrtle Gonzalez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Robinson=Ann Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Elster=Jon Elster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Edwards_(philosopher)=Paul Edwards (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Aanrud=Hans Aanrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Alison=James Alison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Collins=Jason Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Tetley=Glen Tetley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christy_Walton=Christy Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_Morris=Wright Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Danailov=Stephan Danailov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriello_Chiabrera=Gabriello Chiabrera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavalcante_de'_Cavalcanti=Cavalcante dei Cavalcanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Zuckerkandl=Emil Zuckerkandl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Stone_Blackwell=Alice Stone Blackwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Wigginton=Randy Wigginton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Vicat=Louis Vicat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrecht_Gessler=Albrecht Gessler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Hope=Maurice Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Franklin=Pamela Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodrigo_Fres%C3%A1n=Rodrigo Fresán
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigvatr_%C3%9E%C3%B3r%C3%B0arson=Sigvatr Þórðarson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levon_Aronian=Lewon Aronyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qasim_ibn_Muhammad=Al-Qasim ibn Muhammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Mattox=Matt Mattox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evgeny_Bareev=Evgenij Il'gizovič Bareev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Platt_(dancer)=Marc Platt (ballerino)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Rall=Tommy Rall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Lattuada=Alberto Lattuada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Gibson=Virginia Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruta_Lee=Ruta Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oleg_Cassini=Oleg Cassini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_McClure=Marc McClure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bret_Baier=Bret Baier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tolkan=James Tolkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9-Jacques_Garnerin=André-Jacques Garnerin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Wotton=Nicholas Wotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Witsius=Herman Witsius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athanasios_Christopoulos=Athanasios Christopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_d'Angers=David d'Angers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urs_Graf=Urs Graf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Tiviakov=Sergej Nikolaevič Tivjakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wyndham_(actor)=Charles Wyndham (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_Jacobsen_May=Cornelius Jacobsen May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Williams=Caroline Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Zevaco=Michel Zevaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nino_Tempo=Nino Tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubayd_Allah_ibn_Ziyad=Ubayd Allah ibn Ziyad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Marseus_van_Schrieck=Otto Marseus van Schrieck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Declan_Donnellan=Declan Donnellan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Horne=James W. Horne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdullah_ibn_Ja'far=ʿAbd Allāh ibn Jaʿfar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_ibn_Ja'far=Muhammad ibn Ja'far
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parimarjan_Negi=Parimarjan Negi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_von_Matthisson=Friedrich von Matthisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Welsh=Kenneth Welsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Stayner=Steven Stayner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Muren=Dennis Muren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Sufyan_ibn_al-Harith=Abū Sufyān ibn al-Ḥārith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irina_Dvorovenko=Irina Dvorovenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Schindler=Anton Felix Schindler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Gesner=Zen Gesner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Thor=Cameron Thor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Cornelius=Peter Cornelius (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_von_Radowitz=Joseph von Radowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Covert=Allen Covert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikki_DeLoach=Nikki DeLoach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Naujocks=Alfred Naujocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_E._Brown=Joe E. Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillip_Noyce=Phillip Noyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Monro_(primus)=Alexander Monro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kari_Kairamo=Kari Kairamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itzhak_Katzenelson=Itzhak Katzenelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Cockburn=Alison Cockburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Brownlow=Kevin Brownlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdallah_ibn_Yasin=Abd Allah ibn Yasin al-Juzuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Bainbridge=Simon Bainbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satomi_Ishihara=Satomi Ishihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Dessauer=Friedrich Dessauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S%C3%A1ndor_K%C5%91r%C3%B6si_Csoma=Sándor Kőrösi Csoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Eve=Trevor Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Passmore=Matt Passmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_of_Corsica=Theodor Stephan von Neuhoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernesto_de_la_Guardia=Ernesto de la Guardia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Amadeus_Carl_Friedrich_Naumann=Georg Amadeus Carl Friedrich Naumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Naruszewicz=Adam Naruszewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Reilly=Kelly Reilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Grischuk=Aleksandr Igorevič Griščuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Malakhov_(chess_player)=Vladimir Nail'evič Malachov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Vallejo_Pons=Francisco Vallejo Pons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Hamilton=Raymond Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olli_Wisdom=Space Tribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_Mary_Cox=Gertrude Mary Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berta_Zuckerkandl=Berta Zuckerkandl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Scott_(governor)=Charles Scott (governatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Richardson_(cinematographer)=Robert Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heiko_Oberman=Heiko Oberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parley_Baer=Parley Baer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_Suradji=Ahmad Suradji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Bass=Ronald Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lachy_Hulme=Lachy Hulme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Peters=Jon Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Haslip=Joan Haslip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Wetherill=George Wetherill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calpernia_Addams=Calpernia Addams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Torn=David Torn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Rall=Johann Rall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Mathison=Cameron Mathison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandrine_Holt=Sandrine Holt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evert_Willem_Beth=Evert Willem Beth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvije_Strahimir_Kranj%C4%8Devi%C4%87=Silvije Strahimir Kranjčević
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oreste_Baratieri=Oreste Baratieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiersten_Warren=Kiersten Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nita_Naldi=Nita Naldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_McPherson=Patricia McPherson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misha_Collins=Misha Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rino_Romano=Rino Romano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Bartell=Harry Bartell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Holden=Rebecca Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almira_Skripchenko=Almira Skripchenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_July=Miranda July
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Parros=Peter Parros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Walsh_(actress)=Kate Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uguccione_della_Faggiuola=Uguccione della Faggiola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumtaz_(actress)=Mumtaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Asher=William Asher (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Heller_(legal_scholar)=Hermann Heller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanko_Vraz=Stanko Vraz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antun_Gustav_Mato%C5%A1=Antun Gustav Matoš
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S%C3%A9bastien_Faure=Sébastien Faure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragutin_Tadijanovi%C4%87=Dragutin Tadijanović
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_Brahe_the_Elder=Per Brahe il Vecchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Kara_Unger=Deborah Kara Unger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ge_Hong=Ge Hong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avshalom_Feinberg=Avshalom Feinberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Jay_Gould=Frank Jay Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bennett_(screenwriter)=Charles Bennett (sceneggiatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Winter=Peter Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Speedman=Scott Speedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Sullivan=Charlotte Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_August_Georg_Edmund_Mojsisovics_von_Mojsvar=Johann August Georg Edmund Mojsisovics von Mojsvar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K%C3%A1roly_Kisfaludy=Károly Kisfaludy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Philips=Katherine Philips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmad_II_of_Tunis=Ahmad II ibn Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberta_Kelly=Roberta Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Douglas=Carol Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison_Emery_Verrill=Addison Emery Verrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Zager=Michael Zager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ture_Nerman=Ture Nerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_de_Koninck=Philips Koninck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Sturm=Johann Christoph Sturm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamim_ibn_al-Mu'izz=Tamim ibn al-Mu'izz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Wayne=Jan Wayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ntozake_Shange=Ntozake Shange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gino_Soccio=Gino Soccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Christine=Virginia Christine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Jubayr=Ibn Jubayr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Foulds=John Foulds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hjalmar_Bergman=Hjalmar Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Hurnard=Hannah Hurnard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Siberechts=Jan Siberechts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yehezkel_Abramsky=Yehezkel Abramsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulysses_Dove=Ulysses Dove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Smirnov_(politician)=Vladimir Michajlovič Smirnov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madleen_Kane=Madleen Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Peters=Russell Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Lodwick=Francis Lodwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago_Segura=Santiago Segura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_von_Werder=August von Werder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Leather=Stephen Leather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhetta_Hughes=Rhetta Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Starr=Martin Starr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalifa_(mansa)=Mansa Khalifa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorsten_Nordenfelt=Thorsten Nordenfelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghiyath_al-Din_Tughluq=Ghiyath al-Din Tughlaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_%22Silk%22_Hurley=Steve Hurley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Kove=Martin Kove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gaeta=John Gaeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Geren=Pete Geren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Abrahams_(American_author)=Peter Abrahams (scrittore statunitense)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Daly=Tim Daly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Ogilvy=Ian Ogilvy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Lisfranc_de_St._Martin=Jacques Lisfranc de St. Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_of_Foix,_Duke_of_Nemours=Gaston de Foix-Nemours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunio_Okawara=Kunio Ōkawara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Mbonyumutwa=Dominique Mbonyumutwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_I_d'Este,_Duke_of_Ferrara=Alfonso I d'Este
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masami_Nagasawa=Masami Nagasawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Caro=Marc Caro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Christian_Friedrich_Schumacher=Heinrich Christian Friedrich Schumacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_VI,_Count_of_Auvergne=Guglielmo VI d'Alvernia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Burns_(actor)=David Burns (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Nicholson_Jennings=William Nicholson Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_Collett=Jonas Collett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Taylor=Joanna Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curley_Russell=Curley Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_S._Howard=Charles S. Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Moore_(director)=Robert Moore (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Olechowski=Andrzej Olechowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Grylls=Bear Grylls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Henry_Haliday=Alexander Henry Haliday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Crewes=Martin Crewes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Kustodiev=Boris Michajlovič Kustodiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Claris_de_Florian=Jean-Pierre Claris de Florian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lil_Louis=Lil Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Pierre_Rambur=Jules Pierre Rambur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Espoz_y_Mina=Francisco Espoz y Mina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Flemmi=Stephen Flemmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamerlan_Thorell=Tamerlan Thorell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Friedrich_Mohr=Karl Friedrich Mohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeria_Bruni_Tedeschi=Valeria Bruni Tedeschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maffeo_Vegio=Maffeo Vegio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosher_Powell=Nosher Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgi_Benkovski=Georgi Benkovski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Ruggiu=Georges Ruggiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed_Diamond=Reed Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Nothomb=Jean-Baptiste Nothomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonnie_Gordon=Lonnie Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_M._Metzger=Bruce Metzger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stochelo_Rosenberg=Stochelo Rosenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_James_Ettor=Joseph Ettor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_Giovannitti=Arturo Giovannitti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becky_Ann_Baker=Becky Ann Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Manahan=Anna Manahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettye_Ackerman=Bettye Ackerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignace_Murwanashyaka=Ignace Murwanashyaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Della_Valle=Pietro Della Valle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Ernst_von_B%C3%BClow=Bernhard Ernst von Bülow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheree_North=Sheree North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_de_Braekeleer=Henri de Braekeleer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_West,_2nd_Baron_De_La_Warr=Thomas West, II barone De La Warr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gobryas=Gobria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardy_Kr%C3%BCger=Hardy Krüger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Ludwig_von_Cancrin=Franz Ludwig von Cancrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitri_Illarionov=Dimitri Illarionov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_BeDuhn=Jason BeDuhn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_L._Dennis=Roy Lee Dennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Labyorteaux=Patrick Labyorteaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Rudenko=Sergej Ivanovič Rudenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clovis_III=Clodoveo III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Patrick=Nigel Patrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Riley=Gary Riley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Schwartzman=John Schwartzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Montenegro=Hugo Montenegro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leigh_McCloskey=Leigh McCloskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Gernsheim=Friedrich Gernsheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawnee_Smith=Shawnee Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Conlon=Kelly Conlon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trilussa=Trilussa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Martini=Mia Martini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wahb_ibn_Umayr=Wahb ibn Umayr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Boucher=Marin Boucher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Mencia=Carlos Mencia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Mitry=Jean Mitry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Thompson=Sophie Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Pablo_Di_Pace=Juan Pablo Di Pace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalie_Allen=Rosalie Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Fichtner=William Fichtner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Michael_Bailey=John Michael Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Regis=Johannes Regis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Ritter_von_Goebel=Karl Ritter von Goebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felice_Pasquale_Baciocchi=Felice Baciocchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Erich_Apostel=Hans Erich Apostel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crist%C3%B3bal_Halffter=Cristóbal Halffter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annabella_(actress)=Annabella (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_Clunes=Alec Clunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zayd_ibn_al-Khattab=Zayd ibn al-Khattab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zayd_ibn_Harithah=Zayd ibn Ḥārithah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beryl_Reid=Beryl Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Zanchi=Girolamo Zanchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgios_Athanasiadis-Novas=Georgios Athanasiadis-Novas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arduin_of_Ivrea=Arduino d'Ivrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Dichio=Daniele Dichio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Hudhaifah_ibn_al-Mughirah=Abu Hudhayfa ibn al-Mughira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Aguilar=Antonio Aguilar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Littmann=Max Littmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabiana_Udenio=Fabiana Udenio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bao_Xishun=Bao Xishun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Hoult=Nicholas Hoult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Thomas=Robin Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martina_Arroyo=Martina Arroyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Stafford,_1st_Baron_Stafford=Henry Stafford, I barone Stafford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Wolff=Patrick Wolff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Thoma=Ludwig Thoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Doman=John Doman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Deppe=Ferdinand Deppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Dzindzichashvili=Roman Džindžichašvili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Nikolas_Fraas=Karl Nikolas Fraas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_von_Nordmann=Alexander von Nordmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lev_Alburt=Lev Osipovič Al'burt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Scott=Gordon Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melanie_Lynskey=Melanie Lynskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bojan_Bazelli=Bojan Bazelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Harrison=Gregory Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferenc_Fricsay=Ferenc Fricsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Tisdale=Ashley Tisdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ty_Hardin=Ty Hardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_IV_of_Macedon=Filippo IV di Macedonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaku_Takagawa=Kaku Takagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Almonte=Juan Nepomuceno Almonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Laxmann=Erik Laxmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_DeCarava=Roy DeCarava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huston_Street=Huston Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Clavier=Christian Clavier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magda_Olivero=Magda Olivero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Edward_Krehbiel=Henry Edward Krehbiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Guillaume_Le_Monnier=Louis Guillaume Le Monnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan_Marshall-Green=Logan Marshall-Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardaisan=Bardesane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Shikwati=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulf_the_Earl=Ulf Thorgilsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kvitka_Cisyk=Kvitka Cisyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Bisley=Steve Bisley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Musta'li=Al-Musta'li
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Bartolini=Lorenzo Bartolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaydee=Jaydee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_of_Aegina=Paolo di Egina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Braham=John Braham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Gade=Jacob Gade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Franz=Raymond Franz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Weisman=Greg Weisman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haden_Edwards=Haden Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Emmanuel_Freiherr_von_Ketteler=Wilhelm Emmanuel von Ketteler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Mann=Daniel Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristan_Murail=Tristan Murail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bartlett=Edward Bartlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiten_Kusunoki=Taiten Kusunoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubayd-Allah_ibn_Jahsh='Ubayd Allah ibn Jahsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_A._R._White=David A.R. White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashurnasirpal_I=Assurnasirpal I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Diffring=Anton Diffring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hartz=Peter Hartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Polydouri=Maria Poliduri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lynch=Richard Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bauval=Robert Bauval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_E._de_Souza=Steven E. de Souza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Kovack=Nancy Kovack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lyttelton,_4th_Baron_Lyttelton=George Lyttelton, IV barone Lyttelton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toirdelbach_Ua_Briain=Toirdhealbhach Ua Briain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Allen_(musician)=Tony Allen (batterista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assumpta_Serna=Assumpta Serna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Clark=Victoria Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Scott=Ken Scott (produttore discografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_K._Jessup=Morris Jessup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lidia_Bobrova=Lidija Bobrova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Nichols_(actress)=Rachel Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morcar=Morcar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobsang_Yeshe,_Fifth_Panchen_Lama=Lobsang Yeshe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hsekiu=Hsekiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thesh=Thesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wazner=Wazner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iry-Hor=Iri Hor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Lasser=Louise Lasser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsugumi_Ohba=Tsugumi Ōba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Flanders=Ed Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humberto_Ortega=Humberto Ortega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_al-Misk_Kafur=Abu l-Misk Kafur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Dombrowski=Daniel A. Dombrowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendee_Lee=Wendee Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Redden=Billy Redden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharof_Rashidov=Sharof Rashidov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_McGrath_(novelist)=Patrick McGrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Blomberg=Craig Blomberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Huntington=Sam Huntington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Turnbull=Jimmy Turnbull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Angel=Jack Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucien_Ballard=Lucien Ballard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Joseph_Santerre=Antoine Joseph Santerre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Vitti=Monica Vitti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Schnaas=Andreas Schnaas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazel_Court=Hazel Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Everett_Scott=Tom Everett Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_of_Suzdal=Dmitrij Konstantinovič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annia_Faustina=Annia Faustina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skye_McCole_Bartusiak=Skye McCole Bartusiak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annibale_Caro=Annibale Caro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firmin_Didot=Firmin Didot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Gardner=Ian Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Picchi=Giovanni Picchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Ottomar_Herzog=Hermann Ottomar Herzog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khabbab_ibn_al-Aratt=Khabbab ibn al-Aratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Shepherd=John James Shepherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduard_Helly=Eduard Helly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Leval=Gaston Leval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Henry_Anderson=John Henry Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istv%C3%A1n_Fekete=István Fekete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_McCarrick=Martin McCarrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrienne_Wilkinson=Adrienne Wilkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_of_Sweden,_Countess_Palatine_of_Kleeburg=Caterina Vasa (1584-1638)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Winton=Nicholas Winton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazunori_Yamauchi=Kazunori Yamauchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Ruffelle=Frances Ruffelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Bowes-Lyon,_15th_Earl_of_Strathmore_and_Kinghorne=Patrick Bowes-Lyon, XV conte di Strathmore e Kinghorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_of_Castile=Manuele di Castiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Berman=Paul Berman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Eiding=Paul Eiding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Smith_(rugby_union)=George Smith (rugbista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Obama=Michelle Obama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Lalonde=Amy Lalonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Kartheiser=Vincent Kartheiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conchita_Campbell=Conchita Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_Raphaelson=Samson Raphaelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleinias=Clinia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derren_Nesbitt=Derren Nesbitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vlado_Miluni%C4%87=Vlado Milunić
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meir_Zarchi=Meir Zarchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Wolpert=Lewis Wolpert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbe_Lane=Abbe Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Jacobi=Lou Jacobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Lang=June Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Edward_Pollock=Charles Edward Pollock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuelle_Vaugier=Emmanuelle Vaugier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frits_Staal=Frits Staal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moira_Shearer=Moira Shearer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Langford=Frances Langford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Keng-Kwin_Chan=Jason Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srirasmi_Suwadee=Srirasmi Suwadee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Bilharz=Theodor Bilharz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahul_Bose=Rahul Bose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurbanu_Sultan=Nûr Bânû
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safwan_ibn_Umayya=Safwan b. Umayya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Lanner=August Lanner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Morrison_(actor)=James Morrison (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celeda=Celeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Shipton=Eric Shipton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suryavarman_I=Suryavarman I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_II,_Count_of_Alen%C3%A7on=Pietro II d'Alençon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Winters=Dean Winters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Rudel=Julius Rudel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Cinqu%C3%A9=Joseph Cinque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Tilman=Bill Tilman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Barbour=Thomas Barbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Broussard=George Broussard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Lanvin=Jeanne Lanvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Winston=Jimmy Winston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Arsenyev=Vladimir Klavdievič Arsen'ev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Bain=Edgar Bain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B%C3%A9ni_K%C3%A1llay=Benjamin von Kállay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_White_Ridley,_4th_Viscount_Ridley=Matthew Ridley, IV visconte Ridley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Ludwig_von_Knebel=Karl Ludwig von Knebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Long=Audrey Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Sadkin=Alex Sadkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Lichtman=Allan Lichtman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amari_Torayasu=Amari Torayasu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Hinkle=Marin Hinkle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disappearance_of_Etan_Patz=Scomparsa di Etan Patz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd_Manaf_ibn_Qusai=ʿAbd Manāf ibn Quṣayy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_Wehling=Ulrich Wehling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Baptist_Alzog=Johann Baptist Alzog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Averoff=Georgios Averof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrid_Varnay=Astrid Varnay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Sanders=Erin Sanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Neumann_(swimmer)=Paul Neumann (nuotatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_Saw=U Saw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Anton_Alexander_von_Auersperg=Anastasius Grün
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Dayton_and_Valerie_Faris=Jonathan Dayton e Valerie Faris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludovico_di_Varthema=Ludovico de Varthema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Charles_Zaehner=Robert Charles Zaehner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Weihui=Zhou Weihui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Virata=César Virata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Constantine=Eddie Constantine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Bonatti=Walter Bonatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Pinelli=Giuseppe Pinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_Yulin=Harris Yulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Sanders_(director)=Chris Sanders (regista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasha_Pieterse=Sasha Pieterse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasir_ibn_Alnas=Nasir ibn al-Nas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_Rhodes=Ida Rhodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Yarkovsky=Ivan Osipovič Jarkovskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Chamniern_Santisukniram=Louis Chamniern Santisukniram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Simpkins=Chris Simpkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelica_Catalani=Angelica Catalani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Brooke=Victor Brooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saelred_of_Essex=Saelred dell'Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Christian=Shawn Christian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Delle_Chiaie=Stefano Delle Chiaie (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ding_Zilin=Ding Zilin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Henry_Niehaus=Charles Henry Niehaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Nagelsbach=Carl Friedrich Nägelsbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Brant=Jon Brant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asmus_Jacob_Carstens=Asmus Jacob Carstens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Othmar_Reiser=Othmar Reiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Forbes=Archibald Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Planer=Franz Planer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Friedrich_Gfr%C3%B6rer=August Friedrich Gfrörer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Myriam=Marie Myriam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Furnish=David Furnish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahershala_Ali=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Aldegrever=Heinrich Aldegrever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Collier=Arthur Collier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athanase_Josu%C3%A9_Coquerel=Athanase Josué Coquerel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Annet=Peter Annet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwina_Mountbatten,_Countess_Mountbatten_of_Burma=Edwina Ashley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Date=Terry Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Andrew_Reisner=George Reisner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Fricke=David Fricke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muttalib_ibn_Abd_Manaf=Al-Muṭṭalib ibn ʿAbd Manāf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood_Harris=Wood Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kazin=Alfred Kazin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_von_Hildebrand=Alice von Hildebrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garc%C3%ADa_II_of_Galicia=García I di Galizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Ricci=Jason Ricci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Nagel=Conrad Nagel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missak_Manouchian=Missak Manouchian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Anton=Craig Anton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Andrews=Giuseppe Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salli_Richardson=Salli Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dai_Koyamada=Dai Koyamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandrin=Pierre Regnault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Lakin=Christine Lakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Lawrence=Carol Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belinda_Lee=Belinda Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davide_Lazzeretti=Davide Lazzaretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_de_Chartres=Guillaume de Chartres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mstislav_Mstislavich=Mstislav Mstislavič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Willoughby,_12th_Baroness_Willoughby_de_Eresby=Catherine Willoughby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin-Alexandre_Dumont=Auguste Dumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Snoilsky=Carl Snoilsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quatrem%C3%A8re_de_Quincy=Antoine Chrysostome Quatremère de Quincy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rekha=Rekha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Scarpa=Antonio Scarpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Fabroni=Angelo Fabroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Tergesen=Lee Tergesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus_van_Effen=Justus van Effen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Mills=Irving Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stringer_Davis=Stringer Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Frankl=Peter Frankl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Hagen=Kevin Hagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hearn=James Hearn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antelothanasis=Antelothanasis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatzidakis_(athlete)=Khatzidakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moustakopoulos=Moustakopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ioannis_Vourakis=Ioannis Vourakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Paine_(sport_shooter)=John Paine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumner_Paine=Sumner Paine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaos_Morakis=Nikolaos Morakīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patsouris=Patsouris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platis=Platis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanidis=Sanidis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantazidis=Pantazidis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vavis=Vavis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonidas_Morakis=Leōnidas Mōrakīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgios_Anninos=Georgios Anninos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Rasuk=Victor Rasuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Efstathios_Chorafas=Efstathios Chōrafas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandros_Chrysafos=Alexandros Chrisafos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ioannis_Andreou=Iōannīs Andreou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonios_Pepanos=Antōnios Pepanos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimitrios_Drivas=Dīmītrios Drivas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyridon_Chazapis=Spyridōn Chasapīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ioannis_Malokinis=Iōannīs Malokinīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionysios_Kasdaglis=Dionysios Kasdaglis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantinos_Paspatis=Konstantinos Paspatis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Mason=Harvey Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristidis_Akratopoulos=Aristidis Akratopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantinos_Akratopoulos=Konstantinos Akratopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelos_Rallis=Euaggelos Rallīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Defert=J. Defert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adah_Isaacs_Menken=Adah Isaacs Menken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demetrios_Petrokokkinos=Dimitrios Petrokokkinis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Holter=Norman J. Holter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Strachey_(civil_servant)=John Strachey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._W._Benn=Alfred William Benn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandros_Nikolopoulos=Alexandros Nikolopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgios_Tsitas=Geōrgios Tsitas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Ernst_Br%C3%BCckmann=Franz Ernst Brückmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urwah_ibn_Zubayr=Urwa ibn al-Zubayr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd_Allah_ibn_al-Zubayr=ʿAbd Allāh ibn al-Zubayr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Wilhelm_Freiherr_von_B%C3%BClow=Friedrich Wilhelm von Bülow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenz_von_Stein=Lorenz von Stein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottavio_Assarotti=Ottavio Assarotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Britton=Connie Britton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Carson_(director)=David Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophil_Hansen=Theophil Hansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dietrich_Heinrich_von_B%C3%BClow=Dietrich Adam Heinrich von Bülow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Treadwell=Timothy Treadwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Ramirez=Karen Ramírez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Pignedoli=Sergio Pignedoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_Rubinstein=Ida Rubinštejn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvio_Pettirossi=Silvio Pettirossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanislav_Andreski=Stanislav Andreski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeria_Golino=Valeria Golino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Pasdar=Adrian Pasdar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgeworth_David=Edgeworth David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_De_Martino=Giacomo De Martino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_d'Avalos=Fernando Francesco d'Avalos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chlothar_IV=Clotario IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gemmell_Cochran=William Gemmell Cochran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Davis_(bassist)=Richard Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Rouaud=Jean Rouaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Morris=Owen Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Bisciotti=Steve Bisciotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Surinach=Carlos Surinach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Cotta=Johann Friedrich Cotta (editore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S%C3%A9bastien_Bourdon=Sébastien Bourdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Hurley_(bishop)=Denis Eugene Hurley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alonzo_Cano=Alonso Cano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Lloyd=Emily Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Marcell=Joseph Marcell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patty_Jenkins=Patty Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Friedrich_von_Martens=Georg Friedrich von Martens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Espinosa_Chepe=Óscar Espinosa Chepe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_McGettigan=Charlie McGettigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Porter=Harry Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mishk%C3%ADn-Qalam=Mishkín-Qalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimo_Tamburini=Massimo Tamburini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chad_Everett=Chad Everett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Brewer=Don Brewer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Philipp_Palm=Johann Philipp Palm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_II,_Count_of_Louvain=Goffredo II di Lovanio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Benatzky=Ralph Benatzky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_Abatzi=Rita Abatzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Rylance=Mark Rylance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Zahn=Theodor Zahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_Ford=Trent Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd_al-Aziz_ibn_Baz='Abd al-Aziz ibn 'Abd Allah ibn Baz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Ewing=Larry Ewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ansara=Michael Ansara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Bertin=Rose Bertin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Kreis=Wilhelm Kreis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Xaver_Kugler=Franz Xaver Kugler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Nilson=Marcus Nilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Hannah=Lucy Hannah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Luppis=Giovanni Luppis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Oppenheim=James Oppenheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_King=Andrea King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Shiner=Lewis Shiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bonatz=Paul Bonatz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Mollino=Carlo Mollino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Schultze-Naumburg=Paul Schultze-Naumburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roderich_Fick=Roderich Fick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Iachino=Angelo Iachino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Gilly=Friedrich Gilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_White=Dana White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Dempwolff=Otto Dempwolff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_He=Li He
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Lewis_(actor)=Jason Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Crate=Chuck Crate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Cibrian=Eddie Cibrian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Anne_Lenormand=Marie Adélaide Lenormand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Stiefel=Ethan Stiefel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alina_Cojocaru=Alina Cojocaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filippo_Taglioni=Filippo Taglioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlotta_Grisi=Carlotta Grisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mian_Mian=Mian Mian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_Cerrito=Fanny Cerrito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_and_David_Maysles=Albert e David Maysles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Maxwell=Marilyn Maxwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricciotto_Canudo=Ricciotto Canudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achaeus_(general)=Acheo (generale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Villaggio=Paolo Villaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Stone=Leonard Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Horovitch=David Horovitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_of_Pereslavl=Dmitrij I Aleksandrovič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Parker=Sean Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Jacob_Hansen=Hans Jacob Hansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Lipton=Peggy Lipton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasily_of_Kostroma=Vasilij I Jaroslavič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Striker=Matt Striker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Hinson=Jordan Hinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dustin_Farnum=Dustin Farnum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_K._French=Charles K. French
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Bardette=Trevor Bardette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cullen_Landis=Cullen Landis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodie_Marsh=Jodie Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Argyle_(psychologist)=Michael Argyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Wolf=Ron Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Cornaro=Alvise Corner (scrittore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Miller=Jeremy Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Hafiz=Al-Hafiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Robbins=Brian Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_R._Guggenheim=Solomon R. Guggenheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finan_of_Lindisfarne=Finan di Lindisfarne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Phillip_Law=John Phillip Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thad_Luckinbill=Thad Luckinbill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvador_Castaneda_Castro=Salvador Castaneda Castro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julio_Adalberto_Rivera_Carballo=Julio Adalberto Rivera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsey_Johnson=Betsey Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algernon_Percy,_6th_Duke_of_Northumberland=Algernon Percy, VI duca di Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_H%C3%B6ger=Fritz Höger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tefnakht=Tefnakht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Chagall=Rachel Chagall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_von_Mercy=Franz von Mercy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Brown=Ralph Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhaskararaya=Bharata Muni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Perutz=Leo Perutz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsy_DeVos=Betsy DeVos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Thorak=Josef Thorak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_Lenngren=Anna Maria Lenngren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Sze=Simon Sze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Fugit=Patrick Fugit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Litten=Hans Litten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azura_Skye=Azura Skye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Blanco_(musician)=Hugo Blanco (musicista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Cobb=Ron Cobb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Williams=Steven Williams (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_Chandler=Lane Chandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Roy=Deep Roy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Griffith=James Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Fermi=Laura Fermi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rayford_Logan=Rayford Logan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Siemaszko=Nina Siemaszko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_of_the_son_of_the_widow_of_Nain=Risurrezione del figlio della vedova di Nain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Aldworth=Elizabeth Aldworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shonda_Rhimes=Shonda Rhimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscilla_Barnes=Priscilla Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Czinner=Paul Czinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dani%C3%ABl_Mijtens=Daniel Mytens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Fried=Michael Fried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_O'Brien_(actor)=Pat O'Brien (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Locati=Luigi Locati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Collins_(actor)=Ray Collins (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damaskinos_of_Athens=Damaskinos Papandreou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Templeton=Robert Templeton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sassoon=David Sassoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gao_Shun=Gao Shun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Thomson_(chemist)=Thomas Thomson (chimico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Isaac_Thornycroft=John Isaac Thornycroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Bikkembergs=Dirk Bikkembergs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Schmidt_(linguist)=Wilhelm Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucian_Perkins=Lucian Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Fife=William Fife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgius_Merula=Giorgio Merula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Maria_Philipp_Frimont=Johann Maria Philipp Frimont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Paley=Vladimir Pavlovič Palej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaaki_Yuasa=Masaaki Yuasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Monroe=Michael Monroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_von_Camphausen=Otto von Camphausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Wittet=George Wittet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoire_Thivisol=Victoire Thivisol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Rikaart=Greg Rikaart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatole_Jean-Baptiste_Antoine_de_Barth%C3%A9lemy=Anatole de Barthélemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Noboa=Diego Noboa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Robles=Francisco Robles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Borrero=Antonio Borrero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Cordero_Crespo=Luis Cordero Crespo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilio_Estrada_Carmona=Emilio Estrada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignacio_de_Veintemilla=Ignacio de Veintemilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo_Baquerizo=Alfredo Baquerizo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Julio_Arosemena_Tola=Carlos Julio Arosemena Tola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexina_Duchamp=Alexina Duchamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Beach=Michael Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mason_(c._1600%E2%80%931672)=John Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolfo_Acosta=Rodolfo Acosta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Bochner=Lloyd Bochner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggie_Castle=Peggie Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Antonio_Ortiz=Manuel Antonio Ortiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulgencio_Yegros=Fulgencio Yegros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirilo_Antonio_Rivarola=Cirilo Antonio Rivarola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higinio_Uriarte=Higinio Uriarte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Kamin=Leon J. Kamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Bautista_Gaona=Juan Bautista Gaona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albino_Jara=Albino Jara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberato_Marcial_Rojas=Liberato Marcial Rojas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_Gondra=Manuel Gondra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Bautista_Egusquiza=Juan Bautista Egusquiza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aboul-Qacem_Echebbi=Abu l-Qasim al-Shabbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Rodriguez=Ricky Rodriguez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mildred_Harris=Mildred Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Krumpholz=Jan Křtitel Krumpholtz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vlado_Chernozemski=Vlado Černozemski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Erskine_(architect)=Ralph Erskine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Monti=Vittorio Monti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Rother=Anthony Rother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumi_Jo=Sumi Jo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyle_Waggoner=Lyle Waggoner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fellowes,_Baron_Fellowes=Robert Fellowes, barone Fellowes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiji_Oue=Eiji Oue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel_F%C3%A9lix_de_Wimpffen=Emmanuel Félix de Wimpffen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Smith_McDonnell=James Smith McDonnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Brasil=Miss Brasile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piero_Cappuccilli=Piero Cappuccilli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Waitz=Theodor Waitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traylor_Howard=Traylor Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Attrill=Louis Attrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Gibb=Cynthia Gibb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Duffy=Julia Duffy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cady_Huffman=Cady Huffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Marchand=Jean-Baptiste Marchand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sima_Xiangru=Sima Xiangru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Ignace_Hittorff=Jakob Ignaz Hittorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Kleyna=Jan Kleyna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenzel_Thomas_Matiegka=Wenceslaus Matiegka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shayne_Lamas=Shayne Lamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eystein_Meyla=Eystein Meyla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Cesarec=August Cesarec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfred_Krug=Manfred Krug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Hachem=Joe Hachem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide_Filleul,_Marquise_de_Souza-Botelho=Adelaide Filleul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Calello=Charles Calello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Britton=Pamela Britton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Goss=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Williams_(set_designer)=Willie Williams (designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unkoku_Togan=Unkoku Togan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salomon_de_Caus=Salomon de Caus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Kurakin=Boris Ivanovič Kurakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felip_Pedrell=Felipe Pedrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignaz_von_Seyfried=Ignaz von Seyfried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Wilcox=Lisa Wilcox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aya_Ueto=Aya Ueto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Brookmyre=Christopher Brookmyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Consagra=Pietro Consagra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Cuesta=Michael Cuesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toni_Pearen=Toni Pearen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Windsor=Claire Windsor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirai_Moriyama=Mirai Moriyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Busey=Jake Busey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viveca_Lindfors=Viveca Lindfors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Passer=Ivan Passer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Marnay=Audrey Marnay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Gelm%C3%ADrez=Diego Gelmírez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abe_Burrows=Abe Burrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Francis_Gilroy=Thomas Francis Gilroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Marshall=Vanessa Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nechtan_mac_Der-Ilei=Nechtan IV dei Pitti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Sherman=Vincent Sherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Wild=Earl Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_d'Amboise=Georges I d'Amboise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mart_Stam=Mart Stam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Seyfarth=Andreas Seyfarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toussaint_de_Charpentier=Toussaint von Charpentier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_L%C3%A9onard_Vander_Linden=Pierre Léonard Vander Linden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_McDonald=Christopher McDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callum_Blue=Callum Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philog%C3%A8ne_Auguste_Joseph_Duponchel=Philogène Auguste Joseph Duponchel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Fearon=Ray Fearon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Zizioulas=Ioannis Zizioulas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finlay_Currie=Finlay Currie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Dalassene=Anna Dalassena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Sachs=Leonard Sachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephan_Elliott=Stephan Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Cohen=Larry Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Henderson=Martin Henderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Harris=Moses Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Soo-nyung=Kim Soo-nyung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Krainev=Vladimir Krajnev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Foucher=Simon Foucher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Parkman_Tuckerman=Samuel Parkman Tuckerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Ferrari=Paolo Ferrari (commediografo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Guyau=Jean-Marie Guyau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Eric_Roemheld=Heinz Roemheld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makoto_Yukimura=Makoto Yukimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Leong=Al Leong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Hayek=Nicolas Hayek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Philippe_Marie_Binet=Jacques Philippe Marie Binet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dupin=Charles Dupin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_John_Andersson=Carl Johan Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keir_O'Donnell=Keir O'Donnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Sands=Julian Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lara_Jo_Regan=Lara Jo Regan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Call=Brandon Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bashir_ibn_Sa'ad=Bashīr ibn Saʿd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Dzierzon=Johann Dzierzon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Neelly_Bellah=Robert Bellah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Lamont=Sean Lamont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Martin_Lipset=Seymour Martin Lipset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Douglas,_3rd_Duke_of_Queensberry=Charles Douglas, III duca di Queensberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uesugi_Norimasa=Uesugi Norimasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candace_Kita=Candace Kita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cravan=Arthur Cravan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N%C3%A9stor_Almendros=Néstor Almendros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lafayette_Strong=William Lafayette Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Dunne_(writer)=Philip Dunne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Griffiths=Trevor Griffiths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_DiCicco=Jessica DiCicco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_James=Lawrence James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margo_(actress)=Margo (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary_DeCamp=Rosemary DeCamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaye_Ballard=Kaye Ballard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Lockwood=Harold Lockwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faizon_Love=Faizon Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corey_Johnson_(actor)=Corey Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_Planchart=Alejandro Planchart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Malcolm_Rymer=James Malcolm Rymer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Gatlif=Tony Gatlif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothhelm_of_Sussex=Nothelm del Sussex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brett_Cullen=Brett Cullen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_V._McLaglen=Andrew V. McLaglen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noname_Jane=Noname Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_L._Carroll=Robert Lynn Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_II,_Duke_of_Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg=Giovanni di Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauri_Kunnas=Mauri Kunnas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asano_Nagaakira=Asano Nagaakira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentin_Friedland=Valentin Friedland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allyce_Beasley=Allyce Beasley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Lorquet=Jean-Claude Lorquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goose_Tatum=Goose Tatum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Ludwig_Wilhelm_von_Bischoff=Theodor Ludwig Wilhelm von Bischoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederik_Paludan-M%C3%BCller=Frederik Paludan-Müller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Hellmut_Kirst=Hans Hellmut Kirst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Pellikan=Konrad Pelikan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Devoy=John Devoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Elliott_(screenwriter)=Ted Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_Garity=Troy Garity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Heinrich_Rau=Karl Heinrich Rau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Ummidius_Durmius_Quadratus=Gaio Ummidio Durmio Quadrato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Craig_(actor)=James Craig (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flor_Peeters=Flor Peeters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Khordadbeh=Ibn Khordadhbeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Gordon_Caron=Glenn Gordon Caron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F%C3%A9lix_Mar%C3%ADa_de_Samaniego=Félix María Samaniego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kassa_(mansa)=Mansa Kassa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mari_Djata_II_of_Mali=Mari Djata II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grigora%C8%99_Dinicu=Grigoras Dinicu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Morgan_(actor)=Trevor Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles-Henri_Sanson=Charles-Henri Sanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Stanley,_4th_Baron_Stanley_of_Alderley=Edward Stanley, IV barone di Alderley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Xaver_Haberl=Franz Xaver Haberl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbi_Benton=Barbi Benton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lewis_(tenor)=Richard Lewis (tenore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Alexander_(model)=J. Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phill_Lewis=Phill Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camila_Sodi=Camila Sodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Michlmayr=Martin Michlmayr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makyla_Smith=Makyla Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Chaadayev=Pëtr Jakovlevič Čaadaev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Ashley-Cooper,_9th_Earl_of_Shaftesbury=Anthony Ashley-Cooper, IX conte di Shaftesbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Adair=Jean Adair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemiunu=Hemiunu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liam_Cunningham=Liam Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Ashley-Cooper,_8th_Earl_of_Shaftesbury=Anthony Ashley-Cooper, VIII conte di Shaftesbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Louis_Huguet,_marquis_de_S%C3%A9monville=Charles-Louis Huguet de Sémonville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Hicks=Esther Hicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Edelman=Herb Edelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Weitz=Bruce Weitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Onslow,_1st_Baron_Onslow=Richard Onslow, I barone Onslow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_F._Maxwell=Ronald F. Maxwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_of_Edessa=Matteo di Edessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Babcock=Barbara Babcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Hamilton=Murray Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvatore_Adamo=Salvatore Adamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Dano=Royal Dano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Coulson=Christian Coulson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkadij_Naiditsch=Arkadij Naiditsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Laas=Ernst Laas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Molinaro=Al Molinaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Colosi=Giuseppe Colosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lambton,_2nd_Earl_of_Durham=George Lambton, II conte di Durham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miljenko_Smoje=Miljenko Smoje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Rhodes=Kim Rhodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo%C3%A3o_Frederico_Ludovice=João Frederico Ludovice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_Spinola=Massimiliano Spinola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_Lively=Blake Lively
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_C.H._Austin=David Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_von_Cocceji=Samuel von Cocceji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Brunner=Emil Brunner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Tugendhat=Ernst Tugendhat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scipione_Breislak=Scipione Breislak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_of_Tralles=Alessandro di Tralles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowland_Hill=Rowland Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Isaacson=Walter Isaacson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alwin_Nikolais=Alwin Nikolais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandro_Petraglia=Sandro Petraglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Fleet=James Fleet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Halm=Friedrich Halm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Dietz=Park Dietz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Braidwood=Tom Braidwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Haglund=Dean Haglund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Harwood=Bruce Harwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Eusebio_Nieremberg=Juan Eusebio Nieremberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_von_Dannecker=Johann Heinrich Dannecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ann_Glendon=Mary Ann Glendon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Michel_le_Peletier,_marquis_de_Saint-Fargeau=Louis-Michel le Peletier de Saint-Fargeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Dieffenbach=Johann Friedrich Dieffenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pino_Donaggio=Pino Donaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_de_Casteljau=Paul de Casteljau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerzy_Kury%C5%82owicz=Jerzy Kuryłowicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Kretschmer=Paul Kretschmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berthold_Delbr%C3%BCck=Berthold Delbrück
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankokuji_Ekei=Ankokuji Ekei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Williams_(actress)=Ashley Williams (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Haas=Carl Haas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panehesy=Panehesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Storke=Adam Storke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Yates=David Yates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitry_Karakozov=Dmitrij Vladimirovič Karakozov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_Khan_(Ilkhan)=Muhammad Khan (Ilkhanide)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariel_Gade=Ariel Gade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_McNair=Sylvia McNair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacey_Nelkin=Stacey Nelkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Stiglitz=Hugo Stiglitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Goldenberg=Michael Goldenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Cassidy=Katie Cassidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Kloves=Steve Kloves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Glaize=Maurice Glaize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matty_Simmons=Matty Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huchtenburg=Jan van Huchtenburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukie_Nakama=Yukie Nakama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacinda_Barrett=Jacinda Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Bonacelli=Paolo Bonacelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Terry=Alice Terry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giorgio_Federico_Ghedini=Giorgio Federico Ghedini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopoldo_Fregoli=Leopoldo Fregoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Dresser=Christopher Dresser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marisa_Paredes=Marisa Paredes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Scheinman=Victor Scheinman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Kaspersky=Evgenij Kasperskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Adler_(artist)=Friedrich Adler (designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryszard_Kaczorowski=Ryszard Kaczorowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Adler_(architect)=Friedrich Adler (architetto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Nickerson=Denise Nickerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sati_Beg=Sati Beg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetto_Brin=Benedetto Brin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Lloyd=Danny Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Redman=Amanda Redman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alun_Armstrong=Alun Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_Feuermann=Emanuel Feuermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Ishutin=Nikolaj Andreevič Išutin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Goen=Bob Goen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles-Ange_Laisant=Charles-Ange Laisant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didier_Auriol=Didier Auriol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jess_McMahon=Jess McMahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Heinrich_Geffcken=Friedrich Heinrich Geffcken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Willard=Barbara Willard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gervase_of_Tilbury=Gervasio di Tilbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Pettyfer=Alex Pettyfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Courtney_(politician)=Joe Courtney (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%C3%81lvaro_Vargas_Llosa=Álvaro Vargas Llosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Du_Brul=Jack Du Brul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Dupontel=Albert Dupontel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Koenig=Fritz Koenig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Fry=Taylor Fry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Thomas_Hope,_1st_Baronet=Thomas Hope, I baronetto di Craighall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goutam_Ghose=Gautam Ghose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Xaver_Gabelsberger=Franz Xaver Gabelsberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dehmel=Richard Dehmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_de_la_Pole=Richard de la Pole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rugila=Rua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram%C3%B3n_Chao=Ramón Chao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Bolger=Sarah Bolger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Michelle_Kelly=Laura Michelle Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_Cumberbatch=Benedict Cumberbatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soha_Ali_Khan=Soha Ali Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Davalos=Richard Davalos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edurne_Pasaban=Edurne Pasaban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rusler=Robert Rusler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Grimes=Tiny Grimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Soukup=Martha Soukup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Carroll=Eddie Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulcheria_(daughter_of_Theodosius_I)=Pulcheria Teodosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mika_Brzezinski=Mika Brzezinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Shaud=Grant Shaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Regalbuto=Joe Regalbuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Corley=Pat Corley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_LaShelle=Joseph LaShelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Macht=Gabriel Macht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Potter=Sally Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesca_Bertini=Francesca Bertini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainald_of_Dassel=Rainaldo di Dassel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Cavill=Henry Cavill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_(actress)=Helen (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raimondo_Montecuccoli=Raimondo Montecuccoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charibert_of_Laon=Cariberto di Laon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Kingissepp=Viktor Kingissepp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Foster=Preston Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiordan_Tolli=Jiordan Tolli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathias_Sommerhielm=Mathias Sommerhielm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuya=Yuya (funzionario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis-Fran%C3%A7ois_de_Bausset=Louis-François de Bausset-Roquefort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Milne=Stewart Milne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criss_Angel=Criss Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas-Joseph_Beaurepaire=Nicolas-Joseph Beaurepaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanislav_Kosior=Stanislav Kosior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerd_Theissen=Gerd Theissen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Laurent_Buirette_de_Belloy=Pierre Laurent Buirette de Belloy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo_Russell,_1st_Baron_Ampthill=Odo Russell, I Barone Ampthill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Arnold=Gottfried Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Ludwig_Richter=Ludwig Richter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Schuhmacher=Eugen Schuhmacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyros_Skouras=Spyros Skouras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_von_Rist=Johann Rist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Mitchell_(dancer)=Arthur Mitchell (ballerino)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Patrick_King=Michael Patrick King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherie_Rene_Scott=Sherie Rene Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tassilo_III,_Duke_of_Bavaria=Tassilone III di Baviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eutropia=Eutropia (imperatrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcia_Mitzman_Gaven=Marcia Mitzman Gaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Norman=Robert Norman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavius_Dalmatius=Flavio Dalmazio (console 333)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Beck=David Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Carracci=Franceschino Carracci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudhindranath_Dutta=Sudhindranath Dutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorota_Mas%C5%82owska=Dorota Masłowska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Vaughan=Peter Vaughan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Biasion=Miki Biasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Beverly_Shea=George Beverly Shea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Moulton=Tom Moulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Gibbons=Walter Gibbons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriele_Tredozi=Gabriele Tredozi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Buxtorf=Johannes Buxtorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Bernstein=Aaron Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Joseph_von_Pettenkofer=Max Joseph von Pettenkofer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Louisa_Conolly=Louisa Lennox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_Laura_Pfeiffer=Ida Pfeiffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Du_Faur,_Seigneur_de_Pibrac=Guy Du Faur de Pibrac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonius_van_den_Broek=Antonius van den Broek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Bullant=Jean Bullant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siptah=Siptah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Sphrantzes=Giorgio Sfranze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalil_al-Sakakini=Khalil al-Sakakini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nescio=Nescio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Gomez=Michelle Gomez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Marsh_(chemist)=James Marsh (chimico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Terry_(actor)=John Terry (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciriaco_de'_Pizzicolli=Ciriaco d'Ancona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuel_de_Witte=Emanuel de Witte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Wright=Jackie Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Ho_Davies=Peter Ho Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maro_Ajemian=Maro Ajemian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Luise_von_Degenfeld=Marie Luise von Degenfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_Shirky=Clay Shirky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Woods=Dean Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Oppenheimer=Peter Oppenheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_O'Grady=Gail O'Grady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Marie,_baron_de_G%C3%A9rando=Joseph-Marie de Gérando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Fox-Pitt=William Fox-Pitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colette_Marchand=Colette Marchand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavia_Julia_Constantia=Flavia Giulia Costanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Jaeckin=Just Jaeckin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nedo_Nadi=Nedo Nadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dina_Tersago=Dina Tersago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitta_Callens=Brigitta Callens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Theroux=Justin Theroux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Kenworthy=Duncan Kenworthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theo_Waigel=Theo Waigel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Alphonse_Chassepot=Antoine-Alphonse Chassepot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Gustaf_Tessin=Carl Gustaf Tessin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Coren_Mitchell=Victoria Coren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Heyman=David Heyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriaen_van_der_Cabel=Adriaen van der Cabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Vivien_de_Ch%C3%A2teaubrun=Jean-Baptiste Vivien de Châteaubrun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_Murray=Devon Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Ruz_Lhuillier=Alberto Ruz Lhuillier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guglielmo_Caccia=Guglielmo Caccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timo_Salonen=Timo Salonen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luana_Patten=Luana Patten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Jordan=Simon Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatiana_Silva=Tatiana Silva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Marochetti=Carlo Marochetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L%C3%A9on_Damas=Léon-Gontran Damas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunny_Breckinridge=Bunny Breckinridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroki_Narimiya=Hiroki Narimiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Hammer=Victor Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tjuyu=Tuia (nobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dora_Maar=Dora Maar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Edward_O'Meara=Barry Edward O'Meara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilse_De_Meulemeester=Ilse De Meulemeester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Joseph_Sainte-Claire_Deville=Charles Sainte-Claire Deville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Th%C3%A9r%C3%A8se_Walter=Marie-Thérèse Walter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Lukin=Vladimir Lukin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Peel_(actor)=David Peel (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Basaiti=Marco Basaiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santi_Gucci=Santi Gucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._L._Hunter_%22Red%22_Rountree=Red Rountree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achaeus_of_Syracuse=Acheo di Siracusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_MacRae=Sheila MacRae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelius_van_Bynkershoek=Cornelis van Bynkershoek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvestre_Fran%C3%A7ois_Lacroix=Sylvestre François Lacroix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Friedel=Frederic Friedel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto_Semprini=Alberto Semprini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Banks=Elizabeth Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DJ_Qualls=DJ Qualls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Leland=David Leland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Allen_(actress)=Elizabeth Allen (attrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Xiaoguang=Zhāng Xiǎoguāng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Turturro=Nicholas Turturro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Venora=Diane Venora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vlastimil_Hort=Vlastimil Hort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Carlson_(actor)=Richard Carlson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elfego_Baca=Elfego Baca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Luce,_Baron_Luce=Richard Luce, barone Luce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Bari=Lynn Bari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapha%C3%ABl_Confiant=Raphaël Confiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cranko=John Cranko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Vestey,_3rd_Baron_Vestey=Samuel Vestey, III barone Vestey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Somerset,_10th_Duke_of_Beaufort=Henry FitzRoy Somerset, X duca di Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Scheimer=Lou Scheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Karnow=Stanley Karnow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kip_Pardue=Kip Pardue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Bouyxou=Jean-Pierre Bouyxou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Possum_Tjapaltjarri=Clifford Possum Tjapaltjarri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_Merck=Johann Heinrich Merck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubin_Baugin=Lubin Baugin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Micca=Pietro Micca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Michel=Claude Michel (scultore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Habib=Philip Habib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Lasker=Albert Lasker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hogan_(Canadian_actor)=Michael Hogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Netrebko=Anna Jur'evna Netrebko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dyson_(composer)=George Dyson (compositore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Franz_Moritz_Kopp=Hermann Kopp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetto_Varchi=Benedetto Varchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhardus_Varenius=Bernardo Varenio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Seitz=John Seitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Dreier=Hans Dreier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantin_Meunier=Constantin Meunier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Bell=Quentin Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalom_Sharabi=Shalom Sharabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camillo_Mazzella=Camillo Mazzella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Pellegrini=Carlo Pellegrini (caricaturista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_Ji_(Shiheng)=Lu Ji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Milner=Joseph Milner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiana_Benjamin=Tiana Benjamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Carducci=Vincenzo Carducci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeo_Carducci=Bartolomeo Carducci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdullahi_Ahmed_An-Na'im=Abdullahi Ahmed An-Na'im
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Mira_de_Amescua=Antonio Mira de Amescua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Lamoriello=Lou Lamoriello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Morris=May Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopoldo_Marco_Antonio_Caldani=Leopoldo Marco Antonio Caldani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Dorfman=David Dorfman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Tyler_Henry=Benjamin Tyler Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Westerfield=James Westerfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stockwell_(actor)=John Stockwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Ivey=Judith Ivey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Miller_(actor)=Barry Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Riedel=Ludwig Riedel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aino_Aalto=Aino Aalto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Shoemaker=Ann Shoemaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Rawlins=Adrian Rawlins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Moran=Lois Moran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_of_Gloucester,_1st_Earl_of_Hereford=Miles de Gloucester, I conte di Hereford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_de_Molinos=Miguel de Molinos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Mart%C3%ADnez_Monta%C3%B1%C3%A9s=Juan Martínez Montañés
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gu%C3%B0brandur_Vigf%C3%BAsson=Guðbrandur Vigfússon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermete_Novelli=Ermete Novelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludovic_Stewart,_2nd_Duke_of_Lennox=Ludovic Stewart, II duca di Lennox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merobaudes_(poet)=Merobaude (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Grandin=Ethel Grandin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Stewart,_3rd_Duke_of_Richmond=Charles Stewart, III duca di Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Ki-Zerbo=Joseph Ki-Zerbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Evans=Edgar Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Aegerter=Mia Aegerter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Gordon-Lennox,_9th_Duke_of_Richmond=Frederick Gordon-Lennox, IX duca di Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodi_Lyn_O'Keefe=Jodi Lyn O'Keefe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Chertkov=Vladimir Čertkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Graham=Colin Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Gordon,_2nd_Duke_of_Gordon=Alexander Gordon, II duca di Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmo_Gordon,_3rd_Duke_of_Gordon=Cosmo Gordon, III duca di Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguste_N%C3%A9laton=Auguste Nélaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Dudley_Baxter=Robert Dudley Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Robertson_Bowers=Henry Robertson Bowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfhild_Agrell=Alfhild Agrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_FitzRoy,_4th_Duke_of_Grafton=George FitzRoy, IV duca di Grafton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Ib%C3%A1%C3%B1ez_Talavera=Francisco Ibáñez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Huebel=Rob Huebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Meissner=Otto Meißner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manwel_Dimech=Manwell Dimech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Armitage_(actor)=Richard Armitage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Evans,_1st_Baron_Mountevans=Edward Evans, I barone Mountevans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Holmes_(actor)=David Holmes (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Th%C3%A9ophraste_Renaudot=Théophraste Renaudot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_FitzRoy,_5th_Duke_of_Grafton=Henry FitzRoy, V duca di Grafton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Ferrari=Michele Ferrari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Copon=Michael Copon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Bauer=Fritz Bauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilde_Gueden=Hilde Güden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Subkoff=Tara Subkoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyudmila_Rudenko=Ljudmyla Volodymyrivna Rudenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisaveta_Bykova=Elisaveta Ivanovna Bykova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_de_Kom=Anton de Kom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Folland=Alison Folland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostino_Nifo=Agostino Nifo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Enoch=Alfred Enoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afshan_Azad=Afshan Azad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_and_Oliver_Phelps=James e Oliver Phelps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Mitchell_(actor)=Hugh Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Waylett=Jamie Waylett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adele_Jergens=Adele Jergens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predrag_Bjelac=Predrag Bjelac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bradley_(actor)=David Bradley (attore 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Bayler=Terence Bayler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fisher-Becker=Simon Fisher-Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Henderson=Shirley Henderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Boyer=Alexis Boyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bremmer=Richard Bremmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Spriggs=Elizabeth Spriggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Rawle=Jeff Rawle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Ingleby=Lee Ingleby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Gardner_(actor)=Jimmy Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Melling_(actor)=Harry Melling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Jones=Toby Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cornwallis=William Cornwallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volen_Siderov=Volen Siderov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_E._Osgood=Charles E. Osgood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Alan_Towers=Harry Alan Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerian_Albanov=Valerian Ivanovič Al'banov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Fugger=Jacob Fugger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_Batatu=Hanna Batatu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Prebble=Antonia Prebble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Kelly_(actor)=David Kelly (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Romero=Harry Romero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Weaver=Kerry Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anikita_Repnin=Anikita Ivanovič Repnin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Nardi=Jacopo Nardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Simon=Sam Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lashly=William Lashly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Wagner=Rudolf Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Caraglio=Giovanni Jacopo Caraglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toktogul_Satylganov=Toktogul Satylganov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Rosa=Carl Rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tang_Xianzu=Tāng Xiǎnzǔ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Poerio=Alessandro Poerio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Poerio=Carlo Poerio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feng_Menglong=Feng Menglong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontus_De_la_Gardie=Pontus De la Gardie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ling_Mengchu=Ling Mengchu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thyra=Thyra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Michael_Richardson=Kevin Michael Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_H._Schmitz=James H. Schmitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barth%C3%A9lemy_Faujas_de_Saint-Fond=Barthélemy Faujas de Saint-Fond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Bedelia=Bonnie Bedelia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Alexandre_Auguste,_Marquis_de_Galliffet=Gaston de Galliffet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_L._Harness=Charles Leonard Harness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alrude,_Countess_of_Bertinoro=Aldruda Frangipane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Bakken=Earl Bakken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinichi_Hoshi=Shinichi Hoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheri_Moon_Zombie=Sheri Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Cipollone=Peter Cipollone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenna_Fischer=Jenna Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Murray=Joel Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Villard=Tom Villard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_Thaxter=Phyllis Thaxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Faylen=Frank Faylen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tay_Garnett=Tay Garnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Quibell=James Edward Quibell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Graves=Rupert Graves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_of_Babenberg=Giuditta di Babenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minamoto_no_Tametomo=Minamoto no Tametomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Vall%C3%A8s=Jules Vallès
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Jacobson=Eric Jacobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hale_White=William Hale White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giancarlo_Neri=Giancarlo Neri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Budd=Roy Budd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Amhurst=William Pulteney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jost_Amman=Jost Amman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Moffat_(missionary)=Robert Moffat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahamadou_Issoufou=Mahamadou Issoufou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvio_Pellico=Silvio Pellico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Faris=Sean Faris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Arsene_Delaunay=Louis-Arsène Delaunay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Charles_Fagniez=Gustave Fagniez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Chaplin=Ben Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspar_de_Crayer=Gaspar de Crayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Facciolati=Jacopo Facciolati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Clifford_(minister)=John Clifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Tapscott=Don Tapscott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramesh_Sippy=Ramesh Sippy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_Naber=Omar Naber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_of_Bavaria_(died_843)=Giuditta di Baviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mithridates_II_of_Cius=Mitridate II di Cio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronnie_Barrett=Ronnie Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Chaplin_(actor)=Sydney Chaplin (attore 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Twohy=David Twohy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Napier_Robertson=James Napier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Webb=Marc Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svein_Inge_Valvik=Svein Inge Valvik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_III_the_White=Enrico III di Slesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collin_Wilcox_(actress)=Collin Wilcox Paxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Tilstone_Beke=Charles Tilstone Beke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Stekel=Wilhelm Stekel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Hymen_Cowen=Frederic Hymen Cowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Arvid_Nilsen=Lars Arvid Nilsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Gulbrandsen=Kate Gulbrandsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillip_Alford=Phillip Alford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_von_Logau=Friedrich von Logau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel_Albertson=Mabel Albertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Cavendish,_Duchess_of_Devonshire=Mary Alice Gascoyne-Cecil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Randolph_Lovelace_II=William Randolph Lovelace II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selma_Diamond=Selma Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._D._Aubert=K.D. Aubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Overton=Frank Overton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_de_Saavedra_Fajardo=Diego de Saavedra Fajardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Mar%C3%ADa_de_Pereda=José María de Pereda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Passerat=Jean Passerat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_Lonow=Claudia Lonow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Megna=John Megna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniella_Monet=Daniella Monet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livio_Dante_Porta=Livio Dante Porta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donyell_Marshall=Donyell Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pita_Amor=Guadalupe Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Maria_Alberghetti=Anna Maria Alberghetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Caine=Rebecca Caine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesomedes=Mesomede di Creta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Sauguet=Henri Sauguet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didi_Senft=Didi Senft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florimond_Claude,_Comte_de_Mercy-Argenteau=Florimond Claude, conte di Mercy-Argenteau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agam_Darshi=Agam Darshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siegfried_Matthus=Siegfried Matthus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Henenlotter=Frank Henenlotter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunder_H%C3%A4gg=Gunder Hägg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_Hurtado_de_Mendoza_(poet_and_diplomat)=Diego Hurtado de Mendoza y Pacheco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kinnamos=Giovanni Cinnamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedric_Gibbons=Cedric Gibbons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_Shane=Maxwell Shane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_B._Jordan=Michael B. Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Bruening=Justin Bruening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Martin_(singer)=Bob Martin (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_K._Wolf=Gary Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Sanchez=Tomás Sánchez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd%C3%BClhak_H%C3%A2mid_Tarhan=Abdülhak Hâmid Tarhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elin_Kristiansen=Elin Kristiansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Gustaf_Thomson=Carl Gustaf Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Arnott=Neil Arnott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberley_Davies=Kimberley Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiel_Jansz._van_Mierevelt=Michiel van Mierevelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Ferdinand_Erichson=Wilhelm Ferdinand Erichson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Joseph_Bell=George Joseph Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emile_Vandervelde=Emile Vandervelde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loren_Bouchard=Loren Bouchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin,_Earl_of_Mercia=Edwin, conte di Mercia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Murray,_1st_Marquess_of_Atholl=John Murray, I marchese di Atholl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Padrnos=Pavel Padrnos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolores_Gray=Dolores Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Fraser_(actor)=Ronald Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina_Hall=Regina Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Anderson_Dana=Charles Anderson Dana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wally_Westmore=Wally Westmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Busenbaum=Hermann Busenbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steen_Steensen_Blicher=Steen Steensen Blicher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos%C3%A9_Jim%C3%A9nez_Lozano=José Jiménez Lozano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahmoh_Penikett=Tahmoh Penikett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuo_Hara=Tetsuo Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_Humphries=Kris Humphries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Christophe_Saliceti=Antoine Christophe Saliceti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outram_Bangs=Outram Bangs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_de_Gontaut,_duc_de_Biron=Carlo di Gontaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelardo_L%C3%B3pez_de_Ayala_y_Herrera=Adelardo López de Ayala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welf_(father_of_Judith)=Guelfo I di Baviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_von_Bodenstedt=Friedrich von Bodenstedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrante_Pallavicino=Ferrante Pallavicino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Paul_de_Kock=Paul de Kock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_von_Mahlsdorf=Charlotte von Mahlsdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspar_Becerra=Gaspar Becerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Alexander_Macfarren=George Alexander Macfarren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Becque=Henry Becque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Motta=Dick Motta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolette_(musician)=Nicolette (cantante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Rainey=Ford Rainey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Hertzberg=Sonny Hertzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Cooper=Alexander Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Lassen_Martensen=Éric Dupond-Moretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Antonio_Llorente=Juan Antonio Llorente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_de_Castelnau=Michel de Castelnau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mae_Marsh=Mae Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Chalier=Joseph Chalier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_M._Shelton=Herbert Shelton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Huddlestone=Tom Huddlestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Whiting=Leonard Whiting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Wise=Ray Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archduke_Leopold_Wilhelm_of_Austria=Leopoldo Guglielmo d'Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Coolidge=Jennifer Coolidge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C%C3%A9dric_Klapisch=Cédric Klapisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Praz=Mario Praz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Bryceland=Yvonne Bryceland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lila_Lee=Lila Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolaj_Coster-Waldau=Nikolaj Coster-Waldau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Crusell=Bernhard Henrik Crusell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonya_Pinkins=Tonya Pinkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agrippina_Vaganova=Agrippina Jakovlevna Vaganova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santosh_Sivan=Santosh Sivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Maclean,_Baron_Maclean=Charles Maclean, barone Maclean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Henry=Edward Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Russell_Taylor=John Russell Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Robinson_(film_critic)=David Robinson (critico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiromi_Oshima=Hiromi Ōshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Steggert=Bobby Steggert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksand%C3%ABr_Meksi=Aleksandër Meksi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leven_Rambin=Leven Rambin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koushik=Koushik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mare_Winningham=Mare Winningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Brooks=Jean Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Prosky=Robert Prosky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Nolte=Ernst Nolte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eupompus=Eupompo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pina_Bausch=Pina Bausch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awn_ibn_Ja'far=Awn ibn Ja'far
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fakhitah_bint_Abi_Talib=Fakhita bint Abi Talib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liane_Berkowitz=Liane Berkowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Joy_Fowler=Karen Joy Fowler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lang_(composer)=David Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navi_Rawat=Navi Rawat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Rose_(basketball)=Lee Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisabeth_Harnois=Elisabeth Harnois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susana_Baca=Susana Baca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttam_Kumar=Uttam Kumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Galecki=Johnny Galecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Reid=Anne Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Blank=Les Blank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Najmuddin_Kubra=Najm al-Din Kubrà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetto_Antelami=Benedetto Antelami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angiolo_Mazzoni=Angiolo Mazzoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_German,_Baron_German=Mike German, barone German
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Cevdet_Pasha=Ahmed Cevdet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senakhtenre_Ahmose=Senekhtenra Ahmose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merankhre_Mentuhotep=Mentuhotep V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Adams=Dorothy Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paek_Nam-sun=Paek Nam-sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Cornwell=Judy Cornwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_de_Klerk=Michel de Klerk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Leblanc=Jean-Marie Leblanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Becker=Charles Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Lilly=Eli Lilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Tomkyns_Chesney=George Tomkyns Chesney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Sibiryakov=Aleksandr Michajlovič Sibirjakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Burns=Heather Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Furuli=Rolf Furuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Christian,_Prince_of_Lobkowicz=Georg Christian Franz von Lobkowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldassare_Franceschini=Volterrano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Wilhelm_von_Gerstenberg=Heinrich Wilhelm von Gerstenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Maystadt=Philippe Maystadt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shozin_Fukui=Shozin Fukui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Elsheimer=Adam Elsheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Chancellor=Anna Chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Juliani=Alessandro Juliani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicki_Clyne=Nicki Clyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Kestelman=Sara Kestelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Xavier_Wernz=Franz Xaver Wernz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Flynn=Eric Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Sadoleto=Jacopo Sadoleto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuya_Minekura=Kazuya Minekura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Bruschi=Andrea Bruschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Earlom=Richard Earlom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Meillon=John Meillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Ellis_(actor)=Jonny Rees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ant%C3%B3nio_Ferreira=António Ferreira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Ann_Inaba=Carrie Ann Inaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrey_of_Staritsa=Andrej di Staritsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_C._Wolfe=George C. Wolfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_of_Staritsa=Vladimir di Staritsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Eduard_von_Lade=Heinrich Eduard von Lade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Delano=Jack Delano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Gant=Richard Gant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazushige_Abe=Kazushige Abe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimoza_Ahmeti=Mimoza Ahmeti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_O._Howe=Timothy Otis Howe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_Karin=Rita Karin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Bedard=Irene Bedard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eirik_Bakke=Eirik Bakke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayan_I=Baian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edd_Byrnes=Edd Byrnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Miles=Bernard Miles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fionnula_Flanagan=Fionnula Flanagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Carlin=Lynn Carlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Guaty=Camille Guaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcos_Siega=Marcos Siega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Page=Elliot Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Cudmore=Daniel Cudmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrell_Till=Farrell Till
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracontius=Blossio Emilio Draconzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davey_Moore_(boxer,_born_1933)=Davey Moore (pugile 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miho_Kanno=Miho Kanno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Eric_Fahlcrantz=Christian Eric Fahlcrantz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Cox_(actor)=Tony Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elias_Koteas=Elias Koteas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya_Plisetskaya=Majja Michajlovna Pliseckaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Blatt=Thomas Blatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Bierko=Craig Bierko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Elizabeth_Winstead=Mary Elizabeth Winstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_de_Kruif=Paul de Kruif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_R._Moon=Alan R. Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielle_Mitterrand=Danielle Mitterrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Walker=Helen Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Bettis=Angela Bettis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Archard=Bernard Archard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Coulouris=George Coulouris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Finch,_Countess_of_Winchilsea=Anne Finch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Matteo_Mario=Mario De Candia (tenore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Martins=Peter Martins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dieter_Zetsche=Dieter Zetsche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Heinesen=William Heinesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Ohnet=Georges Ohnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Parker=Jean Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Bruneau=Alfred Bruneau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabella_Steinbacher=Arabella Steinbacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cola_Debrot=Cola Debrot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glover_Morrill_Allen=Glover Morrill Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Bloomfield=Maurice Bloomfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_II,_Duke_of_Upper_Lorraine=Federico II di Lotaringia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skip_Woods=Skip Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan_Mader=Logan Mader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bass=Richard Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Tolstaya=Aleksandra L'vovna Tolstaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fitzwalter=Robert Fitzwalter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_Hartmann=Viktor Aleksandrovič Hartmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pip_Pyle=Pip Pyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arye_Gross=Arye Gross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenna_Russell=Jenna Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Bergman=Eva Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giles_Blunt=Giles Blunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Dunbar=Adrian Dunbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Lifar=Serge Lifar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Cambert=Robert Cambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_Tyler_Bell=Drew Tyler Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Novello=Jay Novello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Oppenheimer=Alan Oppenheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_von_Maltzan,_Baron_zu_Wartenburg_und_Penzlin=Heinrich von Maltzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Kuvezin=Al'bert Kuvezin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Hunt=Clark Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_Matos_Moctezuma=Eduardo Matos Moctezuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Banks=Monty Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Bovasso=Julie Bovasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dluthach_mac_Fithcheallach=Dluthach mac Fithcheallach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Peel=Paul Peel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rae_Allen=Rae Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_J._Barry=Raymond J. Barry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenceslao_Fern%C3%A1ndez_Fl%C3%B3rez=Wenceslao Fernández Flórez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_Ann_Young=Polly Ann Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaud_III,_Count_of_Burgundy=Rinaldo III di Borgogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Herman=Robert Herman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Padilla=Alex Padilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniele_Crespi=Daniele Crespi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_Stryker=Bradley Stryker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Handley=Taylor Handley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Somerville=Bonnie Somerville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shailene_Woodley=Shailene Woodley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Messner_(actor)=Johnny Messner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Cassidy_(actor)=Michael Cassidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_York=Kathleen York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_III,_Duke_of_Lower_Lorraine=Goffredo il Barbuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_IV,_Duke_of_Lower_Lorraine=Goffredo il Gobbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaskade=Kaskade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Roush=Jack Roush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulia_Gonzaga=Giulia Gonzaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Garnier=Robert Garnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_David_Luzzatto=Samuel David Luzzatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grzegorz_Gerwazy_Gorczycki=Grzegorz Gerwazy Gorczycki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Henry_Foley=John Henry Foley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_George_Browne=William George Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazare_de_Ba%C3%AFf=Lazare de Baïf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_Fl%C3%B3rez=Enrique Flórez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinando_Paer=Ferdinando Paër
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Edney=Spike Edney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommaso_Dolabella=Tommaso Dolabella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boney_Kapoor=Boney Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Swann=Jeffrey Swann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_McCann=Les McCann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._B._Woodside=D. B. Woodside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Bate=Jonathan Bate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspar_Melchor_de_Jovellanos=Gaspar Melchor de Jovellanos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuven_Rivlin=Reuven Rivlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grethe_Weiser=Grethe Weiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numskull=Numskull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Edwards_(singer)=Steve Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Cuomo=Chris Cuomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antje_R%C3%A1vic_Strubel=Antje Rávic Strubel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norito_Yashima=Norito Yashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_I,_Duke_of_Bavaria=Enrico I di Baviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_of_Bavaria=Giuditta di Baviera e di Lotaringia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donal_Donnelly=Donal Donnelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binnie_Barnes=Binnie Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Henric_Kellgren=Johan Henric Kellgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Bergin=Patrick Bergin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helene_Costello=Helene Costello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delphine_LaLaurie=Delphine LaLaurie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Beal_(actor)=John Beal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Bobbie=Walter Bobbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Perosi=Lorenzo Perosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Raymond_(publisher)=Paul Raymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Conway=Gary Conway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Cusack=Dick Cusack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Vulpian=Alfred Vulpian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orla_Brady=Orla Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Sammarco=Mario Sammarco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Jo_Catlett=Mary Jo Catlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Christian=Linda Christian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Dowling=Eddie Dowling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Quayle=Anna Quayle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Flanagan=Pauline Flanagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Campora=Giuseppe Campora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_Crosby=Kathryn Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain-in-the-Face=Pioggia in Faccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Francis=Anne Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kit_Culkin=Kit Culkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allison_Feaster=Allison Feaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorcha_Cusack=Sorcha Cusack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niamh_Cusack=Niamh Cusack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sybil_Danning=Sybil Danning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dina_Eastwood=Dina Eastwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birger_Sj%C3%B6berg=Birger Sjöberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Root=Martha Root
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathy_Garver=Kathy Garver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine_Gary=Lorraine Gary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Malahide=Patrick Malahide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Rebollo=Antonio Rebollo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lynch_(actor)=John Lynch (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wac%C5%82aw_of_Szamotu%C5%82y=Wacław di Szamotuły
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miko%C5%82aj_Ziele%C5%84ski=Mikołaj Zieleński
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miko%C5%82aj_Gom%C3%B3%C5%82ka=Mikołaj Gomółka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciszek_Lilius=Franciszek Lilius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anky_van_Grunsven=Anky van Grunsven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bart%C5%82omiej_P%C4%99kiel=Bartłomiej Pękiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcin_Mielczewski=Marcin Mielczewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dermot_Mulroney=Dermot Mulroney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideo_Yamamoto=Hideo Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Coppola=Roman Coppola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Berkofsky=Martin Berkofsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zubin_Varla=Zubin Varla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marian_Tumler=Marian Tumler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_J._Holman=Matthew Holman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Stroud=Don Stroud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliya_Rama_Raya=Aliya Rama Raya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_de_Saint-Omer=Goffredo di Saint-Omer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_S._P._Beekes=Robert S. P. Beekes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregg_Henry=Gregg Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willibald_Alexis=Willibald Alexis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvester_Levay=Sylvester Levay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fynes_Moryson=Fynes Moryson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Lian=Yang Lian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Field=Virginia Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Freeman=Mona Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Mounet-Sully=Mounet-Sully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Stevenson=Cynthia Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Karl_Movers=Franz Karl Movers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_C._Cooper=Robert C. Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Edward_Mudie=Charles Edward Mudie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_de_Salluste_Du_Bartas=Guillaume de Salluste Du Bartas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lassana_Diarra=Lassana Diarra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Barnett_(bishop)=Paul Barnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Allen=Fiona Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Maurel=Victor Maurel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castruccio_Castracani=Castruccio Castracani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_De_Wolfe=Roland de Wolfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Tugendhat,_Baron_Tugendhat=Christopher Tugendhat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Arthur_Ducos_du_Hauron=Louis Ducos du Hauron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia_Fulvia_Morata=Olimpia Morata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helene_Weigel=Helene Weigel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariobarzanes_of_Phrygia=Ariobarzane (satrapo persiano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andr%C3%A9s_Quintana_Roo=Andrés Quintana Roo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ardrey=Robert Ardrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stesichorus=Stesicoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Jardine=Lisa Jardine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Angarano=Michael Angarano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martinus_Gosia=Martino Gosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Dromgoole=Dominic Dromgoole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judah_Leib_Gordon=Judah Leib Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Somerset,_6th_Duke_of_Beaufort=Henry Charles Somerset, VI duca di Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Somerset,_7th_Duke_of_Beaufort=Henry Somerset, VII duca di Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Somerset,_8th_Duke_of_Beaufort=Henry Charles FitzRoy Somerset, VIII duca di Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_North=Marianne North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Geikie=James Geikie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Somerset,_9th_Duke_of_Beaufort=Henry Somerset, IX duca di Beaufort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melchior_Neumayr=Melchior Neumayr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olga_Nethersole=Olga Nethersole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Pocock=Nicholas Pocock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Vienne=Jean de Vienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romano_Kristoff=Romano Kristoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Landsborough_Thomson=Landsborough Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Starostin=Nikolaj Starostin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Beauclerk,_2nd_Duke_of_St_Albans=Charles Beauclerk, II duca di St. Albans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubrey_Beauclerk,_5th_Duke_of_St_Albans=Aubrey Beauclerk, V duca di St. Albans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Brady=Scott Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zipoetes_I_of_Bithynia=Zipoite I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Hollander=Tom Hollander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Smit=Joseph Smit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubrey_Beauclerk,_6th_Duke_of_St_Albans=Aubrey Beauclerk, VI duca di St. Albans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Anne_Haddock=Julie Anne Haddock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavinia_Fontana=Lavinia Fontana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Mandl=Fritz Mandl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Beauclerk,_8th_Duke_of_St_Albans=William Beauclerk, VIII duca di St. Albans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Beauclerk,_9th_Duke_of_St_Albans=William Beauclerk, IX duca di St. Albans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Pepper=Jim Pepper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Beauclerk,_10th_Duke_of_St_Albans=William Beauclerk, X duca di St. Albans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly_Elise=Kimberly Elise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zden%C4%9Bk_Burian=Zdeněk Burian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Greene=Ellen Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Stanley=Florence Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Harris=Sean Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Brou%C3%A9=Pierre Broué
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Harford=Tim Harford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monet_Mazur=Monet Mazur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minamoto_no_Yoshiie=Minamoto no Yoshiie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatus_Rhenanus=Beato Renano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiwara_no_Hidehira=Fujiwara no Hidehira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiwara_no_Yasuhira=Fujiwara no Yasuhira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Young=Al Young (poeta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renzo_De_Felice=Renzo De Felice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bizan_Kawakami=Bizan Kawakami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Strait=Steven Strait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piers_Butler,_8th_Earl_of_Ormond=Piers Butler, VIII conte di Ormond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Figgis=Anthony Figgis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darryl_Hickman=Darryl Hickman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_King_(journalist)=John King (giornalista)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Tarantino=Giuseppe Tarantino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larisa_Yudina=Larisa Judina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Noll=Greg Noll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Calogero=Francesco Calogero (fisico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tullio_Campagnolo=Tullio Campagnolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Brasseur=Anne Brasseur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Cohan=Chris Cohan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Whorf=Richard Whorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahman_Ghobadi=Bahman Ghobadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ban_Ki-moon=Ban Ki-moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamera_Mowry=Tamera Mowry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_Di_Bartolomeo=Mars Di Bartolomeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Russell,_3rd_Earl_of_Bedford=Edward Russell, III conte di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_P._Mannix=Daniel P. Mannix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Russell,_1st_Duke_of_Bedford=William Russell, I duca di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amr_ibn_Kulthum=῾Amr ibn Kulthūm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wriothesley_Russell,_2nd_Duke_of_Bedford=Wriothesley Russell, II duca di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles-Victor_Pr%C3%A9vot,_vicomte_d'Arlincourt=Charles-Victor Prévost d'Arlincourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wriothesley_Russell,_3rd_Duke_of_Bedford=Wriothesley Russell, III duca di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stasinus=Stasino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Slonczewski=Joan Slonczewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Russell,_7th_Duke_of_Bedford=Francis Russell, VII duca di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Russell,_8th_Duke_of_Bedford=William Russell, VIII duca di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Mitchell=Gordon Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Russell,_9th_Duke_of_Bedford=Francis Russell, IX duca di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabine_Schmitz=Sabine Schmitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Russell,_10th_Duke_of_Bedford=George Russell, X duca di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iain_Pears=Iain Pears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbrand_Russell,_11th_Duke_of_Bedford=Herbrand Russell, XI duca di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welf_I,_Duke_of_Bavaria=Guelfo IV d'Este
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Paxton=Sara Paxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ko_Un=Ko Un
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gero=Gero I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Weigall=Arthur Weigall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Collins=Bud Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Harrington=Jay Harrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobbi_Brown=Bobbi Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hastings_Russell,_12th_Duke_of_Bedford=Hastings Russell, XII duca di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janusz_Korwin-Mikke=Janusz Korwin-Mikke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dewi_Morris=Dewi Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Russell,_13th_Duke_of_Bedford=Ian Russell, XIII duca di Bedford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurette_Taylor=Laurette Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cavendish,_1st_Earl_of_Devonshire=William Cavendish, I conte di Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Damiano=Pedro Damiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Hartley_Manners=J. Hartley Manners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cavendish,_2nd_Earl_of_Devonshire=William Cavendish, II conte di Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cavendish,_3rd_Earl_of_Devonshire=William Cavendish, III conte di Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ericka_Dunlap=Ericka Dunlap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrietta_Godolphin,_2nd_Duchess_of_Marlborough=Henrietta Churchill, II duchessa di Marlborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Spencer-Churchill,_5th_Duke_of_Marlborough=George Spencer-Churchill, V duca di Marlborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Sena=Dominic Sena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uesugi_Norizane=Uesugi Norizane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Shergill=Jimmy Shergill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Spencer-Churchill,_6th_Duke_of_Marlborough=George Spencer-Churchill, VI duca di Marlborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uesugi_Harunori=Uesugi Harunori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Spencer-Churchill,_8th_Duke_of_Marlborough=George Spencer-Churchill, VIII duca di Marlborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Manners,_4th_Earl_of_Rutland=John Manners, IV conte di Rutland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Williams_(Cook_Islands_politician)=Joe Williams (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Manners,_7th_Earl_of_Rutland=George Manners, VII conte di Rutland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Manners,_8th_Earl_of_Rutland=John Manners, VIII conte di Rutland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welf_II,_Duke_of_Bavaria=Guelfo V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Manners,_1st_Duke_of_Rutland=John Manners, I duca di Rutland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Manners,_2nd_Duke_of_Rutland=John Manners, II duca di Rutland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Julius_H%C3%A4hnel=Ernst Hähnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hernando_de_Escalante_Fontaneda=Hernando de Escalante Fontaneda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yordan_Yovkov=Jordan Jovkov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Manners,_5th_Duke_of_Rutland=John Manners, V duca di Rutland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Manners,_8th_Duke_of_Rutland=Henry Manners, VIII duca di Rutland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Haley=Jay Haley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolando_Villaz%C3%B3n=Rolando Villazón
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronn_Moss=Ronn Moss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Hayman=Lillian Hayman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Hill=Matt Hill (doppiatore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Hilty=Megan Hilty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Mazzella=Luigi Mazzella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_J._Block=Stephanie J. Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Barbier=Charles Barbier de la Serre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Molyneux=William Molyneux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Sandvig=Jake Sandvig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Tenayuca=Emma Tenayuca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolores_Huerta=Dolores Huerta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynn_Harrell=Lynn Harrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Baldwin_(chemist)=Jack Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dane_Clark=Dane Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bishop_(composer)=Henry Rowley Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yusuf_Idris=Yūsuf Idrīs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Liang_(Yellow_Turban)=Zhang Liang (Turbanti Gialli)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Mestaguerra=Simone Mastaguerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Dutens=Louis Dutens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Wallas=Graham Wallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ash_Brannon=Ash Brannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Bowen=Marjorie Bowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Cressent=Charles Cressent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datames=Datame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Laffitte=Pierre Laffitte (filosofo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_I,_Duke_of_Swabia_and_Bavaria=Ottone I di Svevia e Baviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Mostow=Jonathan Mostow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Ham=Warren Ham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_John_Aird,_1st_Baronet=John Aird (ingegnere)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lacaita=Giacomo Filippo Lacaita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lysette_Anthony=Lysette Anthony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutierre_de_Cetina=Gutierre de Cetina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Youcai=Wang Youcai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Proske=Karl Proske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Shorten=Bill Shorten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._M._Robertson=John Mackinnon Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrud_Elisabeth_Mara=Gertrud Elisabeth Mara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Sorrentino=Fernando Sorrentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Kraft=Adam Kraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Rooney=Francis Rooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Stack=Timothy Stack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janie_Sell=Janie Sell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Van_Patten=Joyce Van Patten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talia_Balsam=Talia Balsam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Maddox=Tom Maddox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estelle_Harris=Estelle Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Rivas_Mercado=Antonio Rivas Mercado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Gould=Harold Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Montagu,_3rd_Duke_of_Manchester=Robert Montagu, III duca di Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Montagu,_4th_Duke_of_Manchester=George Montagu, IV duca di Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Montagu,_6th_Duke_of_Manchester=George Montagu, VI duca di Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Montagu,_7th_Duke_of_Manchester=William Montagu, VII duca di Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Badland=Annette Badland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lee_(astronomer)=John Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Habermas=Gary Habermas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary_Murphy=Rosemary Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Marlowe=Julia Marlowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Purdom=Edmund Purdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missy_Peregrym=Missy Peregrym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Percy,_1st_Duke_of_Northumberland=Hugh Percy, I duca di Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Hewitt_(actor)=Martin Hewitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Angelica=Madre Angelica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Percy,_5th_Duke_of_Northumberland=George Percy, V duca di Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Sean_Greer=Andrew Sean Greer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahya_ibn_Mahmud_al-Wasiti=Yahya ibn Mahmud al-Wasiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Leveson-Gower,_1st_Duke_of_Sutherland=George Leveson-Gower, I duca di Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Sutherland-Leveson-Gower,_2nd_Duke_of_Sutherland=George Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, II duca di Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Sutherland-Leveson-Gower,_3rd_Duke_of_Sutherland=George Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, III duca di Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cromartie_Sutherland-Leveson-Gower,_4th_Duke_of_Sutherland=Cromartie Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, IV duca di Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Sutherland-Leveson-Gower,_5th_Duke_of_Sutherland=George Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, V duca di Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnathon_Schaech=Johnathon Schaech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Vargas=Juan Vargas (politico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Anderson_(actor)=Kevin Anderson (attore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Nakagawa=Anna Nakagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Thompson=Kay Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Starkey_Tigrett=Maureen Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_McCulloch=Christopher McCulloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hamilton,_1st_Marquess_of_Abercorn=John Hamilton, I marchese di Abercorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kume_Kunitake=Kume Kunitake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriana_Volpe=Adriana Volpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Cagnola=Luigi Cagnola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_de_Molina=Luis de Molina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Collins_(mathematician)=John Collins (matematico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berthold_Viertel=Berthold Viertel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_von_Lindenau=Bernhard von Lindenau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_B._Willis=Edwin B. Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Robert_Jauss=Hans Robert Jauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._D._Hirsch,_Jr.=Eric Donald Hirsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Aldrich=Pieter Aldrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_Zimmerman=Kris Zimmerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Dessoir=Ludwig Dessoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdalqadir_as-Sufi=Shaykh Abdalqadir as-Sufi al-Murabit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Wooldridge=Susan Wooldridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_M._Scott=Walter M. Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Pine=Robert Pine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Flannigan=Maureen Flannigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Barrymore=Maurice Barrymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashleigh_Aston_Moore=Ashleigh Aston Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_of_Venice=Paolo da Venezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Lengies=Vanessa Lengies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Grosvenor,_2nd_Duke_of_Westminster=Hugh Grosvenor, II duca di Westminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Gorath=Karl Gorath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwen_Bristow=Gwen Bristow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_von_Ruffin=Kurt von Ruffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich-Paul_von_Groszheim=Friedrich-Paul von Groszheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mads_Mikkelsen=Mads Mikkelsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caterina_Scorsone=Caterina Scorsone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Petty-Fitzmaurice,_4th_Marquess_of_Lansdowne=Henry Petty-FitzMaurice, IV marchese di Lansdowne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_Manasses=Costantino Manasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrecht_Becker=Albrecht Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Yuill=Jimmy Yuill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Petty-Fitzmaurice,_6th_Marquess_of_Lansdowne=Henry Petty-Fitzmaurice, VI marchese di Lansdowne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Hopkirk=Peter Hopkirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romica_Puceanu=Romica Puceanu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Guittard=Laurence Guittard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Thomas=Betty Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Farrow=John Farrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Declan_Quinn=Declan Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_O'Hara=David O'Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi,_Count_Cibrario=Luigi Cibrario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_the_Fair=Ealdgyth Swan-neck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Beth_Hughes=Mary Beth Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalia_Pavlovna_Paley=Natalia Pavlovna Paley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambert-Sigisbert_Adam=Lambert-Sigisbert Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Philip_Azzopardi=Mario Azzopardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Schamus=James Schamus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Overbeck=Franz Camille Overbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Redgrove=Peter Redgrove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran%C3%A7ois_Devienne=François Devienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahti_Karjalainen=Ahti Karjalainen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Kantorowicz=Ernst Kantorowicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Leiris=Michel Leiris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Muset=Colin Muset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_J._White=Robert J. White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Poyet=Guillaume Poyet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_L._Becker=Carl Lotus Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaime_Pardo_Leal=Jaime Pardo Leal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Junkermann=Hans Junkermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Wackernagel=Jacob Wackernagel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Hodges=Mike Hodges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Mannhardt=Wilhelm Mannhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Lovinescu=Eugen Lovinescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fri%C3%B0rik_%C3%9E%C3%B3r_Fri%C3%B0riksson=Friðrik Þór Friðriksson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Loriga=Ray Loriga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasmina_Reza=Yasmina Reza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Galerkin=Boris Galërkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sula_Benet=Sula Benet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lubin=David Lubin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Jack_Dumbleton=Lionel Jack Dumbleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Natorp=Paul Natorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciar%C3%A1n_Hinds=Ciarán Hinds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Wirth=Nick Wirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Ohana=Maurice Ohana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vesa-Matti_Loiri=Vesa-Matti Loiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deanne_Bray=Deanne Bray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_Molique=Bernhard Molique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Otto_von_Spreckelsen=Johann Otto von Spreckelsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Jones=Buck Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_von_Kurowsky=Agnes von Kurowsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimo_Moratti=Massimo Moratti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bentley_Hart=David Bentley Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Dassler=Adolf Dassler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicky_Katt=Nicky Katt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulus_Aemilius_Veronensis=Paolo Emili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachael_MacFarlane=Rachael MacFarlane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_Berkeley,_4th_Earl_of_Berkeley=Augustus Berkeley, IV conte di Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Al-Naimi=ʿAlī bin Ibrāhīm al-Naʿīmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Nitsche=Paul Nitsche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carla_Sacramento=Carla Sacramento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia_Scott=Olympia Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Koro%C5%A1ec=Anton Korošec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Lance=Leonard Lance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rance_Howard=Rance Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Outerbridge=Peter Outerbridge
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   