http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam_Airport_Schiphol=Aeroporto di Amsterdam-Schiphol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallinn_Airport=Aeroporto di Tallinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Atene-Eleftherios Venizelos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramstein_Air_Base=Ramstein-Miesenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viracopos_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Campinas-Viracopos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Stansted_Airport=Aeroporto di Londra Stansted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Nuys_Airport=Aeroporto di Van Nuys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Kennedy_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale John F. Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico_City_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Città del Messico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croydon_Airport=Aeroporto di Croydon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatwick_Airport=Aeroporto di Londra-Gatwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tocumen_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Tocumen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eglin_Air_Force_Base=Eglin Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eielson_Air_Force_Base=Eielson Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_de_Gaulle_Airport=Aeroporto di Parigi Charles de Gaulle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Lumpur_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Kuala Lumpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O._R._Tambo_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale O.R. Tambo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwards_Air_Force_Base=Edwards Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beale_Air_Force_Base=Beale Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyndall_Air_Force_Base=Tyndall Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robins_Air_Force_Base=Robins Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moody_Air_Force_Base=Moody Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheeler_Army_Airfield=Wheeler Army Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Gurion_Airport=Aeroporto di Tel Aviv-Ben-Gurion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Sky_Harbor_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Phoenix-Sky Harbor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offutt_Air_Force_Base=Offutt Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Air_Force_Base=Columbus Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiteman_Air_Force_Base=Whiteman Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malmstrom_Air_Force_Base=Malmstrom Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon_Air_Force_Base=Cannon Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Forks_Air_Force_Base=Grand Forks Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minot_Air_Force_Base=Minot Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McChord_Field=Joint Base Lewis-McChord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairchild_Air_Force_Base=Fairchild Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide_Airport=Aeroporto di Adelaide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helsinki_Airport=Aeroporto di Helsinki-Vantaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jomo_Kenyatta_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Jomo Kenyatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indira_Gandhi_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucson_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Tucson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marrakesh_Menara_Airport=Aeroporto di Marrakech-Menara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Jose_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di San Jose-Norman Y. Mineta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bush_Intercontinental_Airport=Aeroporto Intercontinentale di Houston-George Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilimanjaro_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale del Kilimangiaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright-Patterson_Air_Force_Base=Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellsworth_Air_Force_Base=Ellsworth Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Portland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Hector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macau_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Macao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_E._Rohlsen_Airport=Aeroporto Henry E. Rohlsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bauerfield_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Bauerfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Beatrix_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Regina Beatrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Vienna-Schwechat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotoka_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Kotoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hewanorra_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Hewanorra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernesto_Cortissoz_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Barranquilla-Ernesto Cortissoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm_Arlanda_Airport=Aeroporto di Stoccolma-Arlanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_John_Lennon_Airport=Aeroporto di Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incheon_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Seul-Incheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilnius_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Vilnius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Shannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eindhoven_Airport=Aeroporto di Eindhoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galway_Airport=Aeroporto di Galway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo_Airport,_Gardermoen=Aeroporto di Oslo-Gardermoen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Reagan_Washington_National_Airport=Aeroporto Nazionale di Washington-Ronald Reagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansai_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale del Kansai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen_Airport=Aeroporto di Copenaghen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandefjord_Airport,_Torp=Aeroporto di Sandefjord-Torp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagram_Airfield=Aeroporto di Bagram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stavanger_Airport,_Sola=Aeroporto di Stavanger-Sola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellis_Air_Force_Base=Nellis Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luton_Airport=Aeroporto di Londra-Luton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Generale Edward Lawrence Logan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_City_Airport=Aeroporto di Londra-City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_National_Airport=Aeroporto nazionale Bill e Hillary Clinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfurt_Airport=Aeroporto di Francoforte sul Meno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ministro_Pistarini_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Buenos Aires-Ministro Pistarini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Hare_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Chicago-O'Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas/Fort_Worth_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Dallas-Fort Worth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark_Liberty_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Newark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaGuardia_Airport=Aeroporto LaGuardia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midway_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Chicago-Midway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Island_MacArthur_Airport=Aeroporto di Long Island-MacArthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wayne_Airport=Aeroporto della Contea di Orange-John Wayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Oakland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Beach_Airport=Aeroporto di Long Beach-Daugherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orly_Airport=Aeroporto di Parigi Orly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresno_Yosemite_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Fresno-Yosemite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Hopkins_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Cleveland-Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Pittsburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCarran_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Las Vegas-McCarran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Filadelfia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Tampa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Memphis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Orlando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di San Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Armstrong_New_Orleans_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di New Orleans-Louis Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheremetyevo_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Mosca-Šeremet'evo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Louisville-Standiford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_Lake_City_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Salt Lake City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Douglas_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Charlotte-Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cincinnati/Northern_Kentucky_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Cincinnati-Kentucky Settentrionale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland_Airport=Aeroporto di Auckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Mueang_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Bangkok-Don Mueang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phuket_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Phuket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Città del Capo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Kingsford Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_Airport=Aeroporto di Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taoyuan_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Taipei-Taoyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durban_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Durban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Carlos_Airport_(California)=Aeroporto di San Carlos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Airport=Aeroporto di Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich_Airport=Aeroporto di Monaco di Baviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Roberts_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Owen Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Manley_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Norman Manley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linate_Airport=Aeroporto di Milano-Linate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice_Marco_Polo_Airport=Aeroporto di Venezia-Marco Polo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._F._Green_Airport=Aeroporto Statale Theodore Francis Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kai_Tak_Airport=Aeroporto di Hong Kong Kai Tak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Paso_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di El Paso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Antonio_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di San Antonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels_Airport=Aeroporto di Bruxelles-National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halifax_Stanfield_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Halifax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Indianapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuttgart_Airport=Aeroporto di Stoccarda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Stevens_Anchorage_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Anchorage-Ted Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Brandenburg_Airport=Aeroporto di Berlino-Brandeburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Tempelhof_Airport=Aeroporto di Berlino-Tempelhof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Tegel_Airport=Aeroporto di Berlino-Tegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Airport=Aeroporto di Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Airport=Aeroporto di Edimburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasgow_Prestwick_Airport=Aeroporto di Prestwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimpo_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Seul-Gimpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Jacksonville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Beach_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Palm Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwest_Florida_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale della Florida sud occidentale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_V_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Casablanca-Muhammad V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Rogers_World_Airport=Aeroporto Mondiale Will Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulsa_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Tulsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Niagara_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Buffalo-Niagara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Kansas City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimhae_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Pusan-Gimhae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Nashville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_B._Won_Pat_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Guam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing_Capital_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Pechino-Capitale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Airport=Aeroporto di Birmingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belfast_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Belfast-Aldergrove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen_Airport=Aeroporto di Aberdeen-Dyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southampton_Airport=Aeroporto di Southampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.F._Wade_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale L. F. Wade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cork_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Cork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Dublino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Best_Belfast_City_Airport=Aeroporto di Belfast-Città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Edmonton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahului_Airport=Aeroporto di Kahului
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntsville_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Huntsville-Carl T. Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Hongqiao_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Shanghai-Hongqiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perth_Airport=Aeroporto di Perth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Dorado_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Bogotà-El Dorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Springs_Airport=Aeroporto Municipale di Colorado Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bishop_Toronto_City_Airport=Aeroporto di Toronto-City Billy Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacramento_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Sacramento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misawa_Air_Base=Misawa Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninoy_Aquino_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Manila-Ninoy Aquino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acapulco_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale General Juan N. Álvarez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukuoka_Airport=Aeroporto di Fukuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellinikon_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Atene-Ellinikon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Midlands_Airport=Aeroporto delle Midlands Orientali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Pudong_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Shanghai-Pudong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisbane_Airport=Aeroporto di Brisbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legazpi_Airport=Aeroporto di Legazpi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobe_Airport=Aeroporto di Kobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suvarnabhumi_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Bangkok-Suvarnabhumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeroparque_Jorge_Newbery=Aeroparque Jorge Newbery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Metropolitan_Airport=Aeroporto Metropolitano di Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bern_Airport=Aeroporto di Berna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allama_Iqbal_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Allama Iqbal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benazir_Bhutto_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Benazir Bhutto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Biggin_Hill_Airport=Aeroporto di Biggin Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Southend_Airport=Aeroporto di Southend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahikawa_Airport=Aeroporto di Asahikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Air_Force_Base=Scott Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnipeg_James_Armstrong_Richardson_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Winnipeg-James Armstrong Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trivandrum_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Trivandrum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cluj_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Cluj-Avram Iancu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholm_Bromma_Airport=Aeroporto di Stoccolma-Bromma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackland_Air_Force_Base=Joint Base San Antonio-Lackland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viru_Viru_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Viru Viru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuwait_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale del Kuwait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahrain_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale del Bahrein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharjah_International_Airport=Emirato di Sharja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Khalid_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Riad-Re Khalid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Cottesmore=RAF Cottesmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teterboro_Airport=Aeroporto di Teterboro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Abdul_Aziz_Shah_Airport=Aeroporto di Subang-Sultano Abdul Aziz Shah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamid_Karzai_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Kabul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Abu Dhabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Ain_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di al-'Ayn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yokota_Air_Base=Yokota Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremen_Airport=Aeroporto di Brema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristiansund_Airport,_Kvernberget=Aeroporto di Kristiansund-Kvernberget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannover_Airport=Aeroporto di Hannover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_Air_Force_Base=Hill Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale del Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmer_Station=Stazione Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Coast_Airport=Aeroporto di Gold Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw_Chopin_Airport=Aeroporto di Varsavia-Chopin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Home_Air_Force_Base=Mountain Home Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Kochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Gan=Aeroporto Internazionale di Gan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Airport=Aeroporto di Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phnom_Penh_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Phnom Penh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manston_Airport=Aeroporto di Manston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Regina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusto_C._Sandino_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Augusto C. Sandino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seychelles_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale delle Seychelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehran_Imam_Khomeini_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Teheran-Imam Khomeini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Aurora_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale La Aurora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Dayton-James M. Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Forks_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Grand Forks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quatro_de_Fevereiro_Airport=Aeroporto di Luanda-4 de Fevereiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houari_Boumediene_Airport=Aeroporto di Algeri-Houari Boumédiène
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulkovo_Airport=Aeroporto di San Pietroburgo-Pulkovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keesler_Air_Force_Base=Keesler Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_S._W._Goldson_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Philip S. W. Goldson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zvartnots_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Erevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heydar_Aliyev_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Baku-Heydar Aliyev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osvaldo_Vieira_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Bissau-Osvaldo Viera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Alia_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Regina Alia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mojave_Air_and_Space_Port=Spazioporto di Mojave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salgado_Filho_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Porto Alegre-Salgado Filho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirtland_Air_Force_Base=Kirtland Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Corps_Air_Station_Iwakuni=Base aerea di Iwakuni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thule_Air_Base=Base aerea Thule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molokai_Airport=Aeroporto di Molokai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maastricht_Aachen_Airport=Aeroporto di Maastricht Aquisgrana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aarhus_Airport=Aeroporto di Aarhus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naha_Airport=Aeroporto di Naha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Fallon=Naval Air Station Fallon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riga_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Riga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou_Baiyun_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Canton-Baiyun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dover_Air_Force_Base=Dover Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacDill_Air_Force_Base=MacDill Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph_Air_Force_Base=Randolph Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurlburt_Field=Hurlburt Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netaji_Subhas_Chandra_Bose_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Calcutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarajevo_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Sarajevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helsinki-Malmi_Airport=Aeroporto di Malmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doha_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Doha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolmachevo_Airport=Aeroporto di Novosibirsk-Tolmačëvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Sigonella=Base aerea di Sigonella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vnukovo_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Mosca-Vnukovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Station_Norfolk=Naval Station Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyess_Air_Force_Base=Dyess Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg_Airport=Aeroporto di Amburgo-Fuhlsbüttel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Airport=Aeroporto di Kerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresden_Airport=Aeroporto di Dresda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McConnell_Air_Force_Base=McConnell Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barksdale_Air_Force_Base=Barksdale Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia_Airport=Aeroporto di Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varna_Airport=Aeroporto di Varna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burgas_Airport=Aeroporto di Burgas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sardar_Vallabhbhai_Patel_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadena_Air_Base=Kadena Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinker_Air_Force_Base=Tinker Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagasaki_Airport=Aeroporto di Nagasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cologne_Bonn_Airport=Aeroporto di Colonia-Bonn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Bangoy_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Davao-Francisco Bangoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobbins_Air_Reserve_Base=Dobbins Air Reserve Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holloman_Air_Force_Base=Holloman Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addis_Ababa_Bole_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Addis Abeba-Bole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Zama=Camp Zama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guernsey_Airport=Aeroporto di Guernsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murtala_Muhammed_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Murtala Muhammed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kagoshima_Airport=Aeroporto di Kagoshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Airport,_Flesland=Aeroporto di Bergen-Flesland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_Air_Force_Base=Shaw Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Rock_Air_Force_Base=Little Rock Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Rodi-Diagoras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tan_Son_Nhat_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Tan Son Nhat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travis_Air_Force_Base=Travis Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altus_Air_Force_Base=Altus Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_Air_Force_Base=Maxwell Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheppard_Air_Force_Base=Sheppard Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nnamdi_Azikiwe_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Nnamdi Azikiwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanjing_Lukou_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Nanchino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Jacksonville=Naval Air Station Jacksonville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Air_Force_Base=Luke Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Johnson_Air_Force_Base=Seymour Johnson Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangster_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Montego Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santos_Dumont_Airport=Aeroporto di Rio de Janeiro-Santos Dumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eppley_Airfield=Aeroporto Eppley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billings_Logan_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Billings-Logan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U-Tapao_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di U-Tapao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wichita_Dwight_D._Eisenhower_National_Airport=Aeroporto di Wichita Mid-Continent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grantley_Adams_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Bridgetown - Grantley Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitakyushu_Airport=Aeroporto di Kitakyushu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeltweg_Air_Base=Aerodromo Hinterstoisser-Zeltweg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynden_Pindling_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Lynden Pindling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiff_Airport=Aeroporto di Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterford_Airport=Aeroporto di Waterford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsk_National_Airport=Aeroporto di Minsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entebbe_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Entebbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanzarote_Airport=Aeroporto di Lanzarote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgrade_Nikola_Tesla_Airport=Aeroporto di Belgrado-Nikola Tesla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rothera_Research_Station=Base Rothera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Air_Station_Pensacola=Naval Air Station Pensacola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratislava_Airport=Aeroporto di Bratislava-M.R. Štefánik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianjin_Binhai_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Tientsin-Binhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels_South_Charleroi_Airport=Aeroporto di Charleroi-Bruxelles Sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_Ferenc_Liszt_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Budapest-Ferihegy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sde_Dov_Airport=Aeroporto di Tel Aviv-Sde-Dov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahjalal_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Dacca-Hazrat Shahjalal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Monterrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incirlik_Air_Base=Base aerea di Incirlik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Abdulaziz_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Gedda-Re Abd al-Aziz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Region_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale della Capital Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen_Bao'an_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Shenzhen-Bao'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andersen_Air_Force_Base=Andersen Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviano_Air_Base=Base aerea di Aviano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Bangor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bykovo_Airport=Aeroporto di Mosca-Bykovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penang_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Penang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calicut_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Calicut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graz_Airport=Aeroporto di Graz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mataveri_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Mataveri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dortmund_Airport=Aeroporto di Dortmund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turku_Airport=Aeroporto di Turku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Hole_Airport=Aeroporto di Jackson-Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeju_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Jeju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuremberg_Airport=Aeroporto di Norimberga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenyang_Taoxian_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Shenyang Taoxian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelowna_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Kelowna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Juliana_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Principessa Giuliana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Cabos_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Los Cabos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Luqa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billund_Airport=Aeroporto di Billund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changsha_Huanghua_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Changsha-Huanghua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Saint John's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bournemouth_Airport=Aeroporto di Bournemouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngurah_Rai_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Ngurah Rai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_Airport=Aeroporto di Swansea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eilat_Airport=Aeroporto di Eilat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haifa_Airport=Aeroporto di Haifa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weeze_Airport=Aeroporto di Weeze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inverness_Airport=Aeroporto di Inverness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oradea_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Oradea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehrabad_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Teheran-Mehrabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Springs_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Palm Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gran_Canaria_Airport=Aeroporto di Gran Canaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creech_Air_Force_Base=Creech Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Pearson_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Toronto-Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laramie_Regional_Airport=Aeroporto regionale di Laramie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sendai_Airport=Aeroporto di Sendai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debrecen_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Debrecen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibraltar_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Gibilterra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senai_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Johor Bahru-Senai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cozumel_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Cozumel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Ixtapa-Zihuatanejo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Lucio_Blanco_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Generale Lucio Blanco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puebla_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Puebla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Mariscal_Sucre_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Mariscal Sucre (1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Fahd_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Dammam-Re Fahd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvio_Pettirossi_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Silvio Pettirossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_Fellini_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Rimini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdam_The_Hague_Airport=Aeroporto di Rotterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isfahan_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Esfahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengdu_Shuangliu_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Chengdu-Shuangliu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantes_Atlantique_Airport=Aeroporto di Nantes Atlantique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groningen_Airport_Eelde=Aeroporto di Groninga-Eelde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurel_Vlaicu_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Bucarest-Băneasa - Aurel Vlaicu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siem_Reap_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Siem Reap-Angkor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulcea_Airport=Aeroporto di Tulcea-Delta del Danubio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arad_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Arad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_L._Bradshaw_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Robert L. Bradshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Adolf_Pengel_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Johan Adolf Pengel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heraklion_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Candia-Nikos Kazantzakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuuk_Airport=Aeroporto di Nuuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verona_Villafranca_Airport=Aeroporto di Verona-Villafranca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treviso_Airport=Aeroporto di Treviso-Sant'Angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basra_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Bassora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subic_Bay_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Subic Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missoula_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Missoula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiel_Airport=Aeroporto di Kiel-Holtenau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrasco_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Carrasco - General Cesareo L. Berisso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjul_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Banjul-Yundum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribhuvan_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Tribhuvan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faro_Airport=Aeroporto di Faro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maribor_Edvard_Rusjan_Airport=Aeroporto di Maribor-Orehova Vas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukue_Airport=Aeroporto Gotō-Fukue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juancho_E._Yrausquin_Airport=Aeroporto di Saba-Juancho E. Yrausquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangon_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Yangon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punta_Cana_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Punta Cana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pristina_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Pristina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Alto_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di El Alto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundo_Maya_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Mundo Maya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiraz_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Shiraz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa_Cristoforo_Colombo_Airport=Aeroporto di Genova-Sestri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuktoyaktuk/James_Gruben_Airport=Aeroporto di Tuktoyaktuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hosea_Kutako_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Hosea Kutako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bydgoszcz_Ignacy_Jan_Paderewski_Airport=Aeroporto di Bydgoszcz Ignacy Jan Paderewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitiga_International_Airport=Aeroporto militare di Mitiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle_of_Man_Airport=Aeroporto dell'Isola di Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenerife_South_Airport=Aeroporto di Tenerife-Sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiksi_Airport=Aeroporto di Tiksi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandaranaike_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Bandaranaike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corfu_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Corfù-Giovanni Capodistria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Nang_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Da Nang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noi_Bai_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Noi Bai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larnaca_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Larnaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wattay_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Vientiane-Wattay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladivostok_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Vladivostok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paro_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Paro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paphos_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Pafo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiamen_Gaoqi_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Xiamen Gaoqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Airport_Irkutsk=Aeroporto di Irkutsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banja_Luka_International_Airport=Aeroporto internazionale di Banja Luka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_California_Logistics_Airport=Aeroporto Logistico della California Meridionale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_Airport=Aeroporto di Aalborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sochi_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Soči-Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami-Opa_Locka_Executive_Airport=Aeroporto di Opa-locka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apalachicola_Regional_Airport=Aeroporto regionale di Apalachicola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eros_Airport=Aeroporto di Windhoek-Eros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buon_Ma_Thuot_Airport=Aeroporto di Buôn Ma Thuột
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cam_Ranh_International_Airport=Aeroporto internazionale di Cam Ranh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleiku_Airport=Aeroporto di Pleiku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksons_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Port Moresby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tbilisi_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Tbilisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phu_Bai_International_Airport=Aeroporto internazionale di Phu Bai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lien_Khuong_Airport=Aeroporto di Lien Khuong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_Tho_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Cần Thơ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Bi_International_Airport=Aeroporto internazionale Cat Bi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Con_Dao_Airport=Aeroporto di Côn Đảo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phu_Cat_Airport=Aeroporto di Phu Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovda_Airport=Aeroporto di Ovda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyiv_International_Airport_(Zhuliany)=Aeroporto di Kiev-Žuljany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boryspil_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Kiev-Boryspil'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorge_Wilstermann_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Jorge Wilstermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Chinita_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale La Chinita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_Airport=Aeroporto di Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Maktoum_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Dubai-Al Maktum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangzhou_Xiaoshan_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Hangzhou-Xiaoshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuching_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Kuching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilbao_Airport=Aeroporto di Bilbao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton_J._Lloyd_International_Airport=Aeroporto di The Valley-Wallblake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Mandela_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Praia Nelson Mandela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marseille_Provence_Airport=Aeroporto di Marsiglia Provenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palanga_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Palanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piarco_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Piarco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota_Kinabalu_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Kota Kinabalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malabo_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Malabo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antalya_Airport=Aeroporto di Adalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wawa_Airport=Aeroporto di Wawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niigata_Airport=Aeroporto di Niigata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akita_Airport=Aeroporto di Akita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reus_Airport=Aeroporto di Reus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providenciales_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Providenciales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Napoli-Capodichino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bologna_Guglielmo_Marconi_Airport=Aeroporto di Bologna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandspit_Airport=Aeroporto di Sandspit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuttle_Landing_Facility=NASA Shuttle Landing Facility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Seretse_Khama_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Sir Seretse Khama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuressaare_Airport=Aeroporto di Kuressaare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pratica_di_Mare_Air_Base=Aeroporto militare Mario de Bernardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Field_(Midway_Atoll)=Henderson Field (Midway)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honiara_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Honiara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tartu_Airport=Aeroporto di Tartu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacha_Khan_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Peshawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tawau_Airport=Aeroporto di Tawau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangerlussuaq_Airport=Aeroporto di Kangerlussuaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innsbruck_Airport=Aeroporto di Innsbruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagreb_Airport=Aeroporto di Zagabria-Franjo Tuđman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Anversa-Deurne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo_Airport,_Fornebu=Aeroporto di Oslo-Fornebu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Asad_Airbase=Base aerea Al Asad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nauru_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Nauru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zamboanga_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Zamboanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubrovnik_Airport=Aeroporto di Ragusa-Čilipi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kempegowda_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Romana_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di La Romana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cibao_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale del Cibao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podgorica_Airport=Aeroporto di Podgorica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damascus_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Damasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kigali_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Kigali-Gregoire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manas_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Biškek-Manas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dushanbe_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Dušanbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashgabat_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Aşgabat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadjehoun_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Cardinal Bernardin Gantin-Cadjehoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diori_Hamani_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Niamey-Diori Hamani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khartoum_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Khartum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bujumbura_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Bujumbura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asmara_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Asmara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pisa_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Pisa-San Giusto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya-Maya_Airport=Aeroporto di Brazzaville - Maya-Maya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsapha_Airport=Aeroporto di Matsapha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangui_M'Poko_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Bangui-M'Poko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Seewoosagur_Ramgoolam_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadi_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Nadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aranuka_Airport=Aeroporto di Aranuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salzburg_Airport=Aeroporto di Salisburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osijek_Airport=Aeroporto di Osijek-Klisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pula_Airport=Aeroporto di Pola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rijeka_Airport=Aeroporto di Fiume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_Airport=Aeroporto di Spalato-Castelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zadar_Airport=Aeroporto di Zara-Zemonico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asturias_Airport=Aeroporto delle Asturie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badajoz_Airport=Aeroporto di Badajoz-Talavera La Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parma_Airport=Aeroporto di Parma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gan_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Gan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaty_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Almaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mashhad_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Mashhad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulu_Airport=Aeroporto di Gulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidente_Nicolau_Lobato_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Presidente Nicolau Lobato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Base_Presidente_Eduardo_Frei_Montalva=Base presidente Eduardo Frei Montalva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anapa_Airport=Aeroporto di Anapa-Vitjazevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lungi_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Freetown-Lungi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nouakchott_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Nouakchott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conakry_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Conakry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grissom_Air_Reserve_Base=Grissom Air Reserve Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laoag_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Laoag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibiza_Airport=Aeroporto di Ibiza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menorca_Airport=Aeroporto di Minorca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joinville-Lauro_Carneiro_de_Loyola_Airport=Joinville (Brasile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crotone_Airport=Aeroporto di Crotone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzliya_Airport=Aeroporto di Herzliya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bien_Hoa_Air_Base=Base aerea di Bien Hoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pago_Pago_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Pago Pago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dipolog_Airport=Aeroporto di Dipolog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuerteventura_Airport=Aeroporto di Fuerteventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibulan_Airport=Aeroporto di Dumaguete-Sibulan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svalbard_Airport,_Longyear=Aeroporto delle Svalbard-Longyearbyen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khrabrovo_Airport=Aeroporto di Kaliningrad-Chrabrovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Kaunda_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Lusaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turin_Airport=Aeroporto di Torino-Caselle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lille_Airport=Aeroporto di Lilla Lesquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abruzzo_Airport=Aeroporto di Pescara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cagliari_Elmas_Airport=Aeroporto di Cagliari-Elmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godofredo_P._Ramos_Airport=Aeroporto di Caticlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sary-Arka_Airport=Aeroporto di Karaganda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Santos_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Tambler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Princesa_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Puerto Princesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Jose_Airport_(Mindoro)=Aeroporto di San Jose (Mindoro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Z._Romualdez_Airport=Aeroporto di Tacloban-Daniel Z. Romualdez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicosia_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Nicosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuguegarao_Airport=Aeroporto di Tuguegarao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catarman_National_Airport=Catarman (Northern Samar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalibo_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Kalibo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chongqing_Jiangbei_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Chongqing-Jiangbei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrichshafen_Airport=Aeroporto di Friedrichshafen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaunas_Airport=Aeroporto di Kaunas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langkawi_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Pulau-Langkawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westray_Airport=Aeroporto di Westray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamezia_Terme_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Lamezia Terme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brescia_Airport=Aeroporto di Brescia-Montichiari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sokol_Airport=Aeroporto di Magadan-Sokol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig/Halle_Airport=Aeroporto di Lipsia-Halle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angads_Airport=Aeroporto di Oujda-Angad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santander_Airport=Aeroporto di Santander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valladolid_Airport=Aeroporto di Valladolid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitoria_Airport=Aeroporto di Vitoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaragoza_Airport=Aeroporto di Saragozza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Garros_Airport=Aeroporto di Riunione-Roland Garros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N'Djamena_International_Airport=Aeroporto di N'Djamena-Hassan Djamous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcassonne_Airport=Aeroporto di Carcassonne Salvaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Said_Ibrahim_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Moroni-Principe Saïd Ibrahim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benina_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Benina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rovaniemi_Airport=Aeroporto di Rovaniemi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tagbilaran_Airport=Aeroporto di Tagbilaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aden_Adde_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Aden Adde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlstad_Airport=Aeroporto di Karlstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lviv_Danylo_Halytskyi_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Leopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggio_Calabria_Airport=Aeroporto di Reggio Calabria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toussaint_Louverture_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Toussaint Louverture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kualanamu_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Kualanamu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamanca_Airport=Aeroporto di Salamanca-Matacán
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuzla_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Tuzla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arvidsjaur_Airport=Aeroporto di Arvidsjaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajiv_Gandhi_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Rajiv Gandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Helena_Airport=Aeroporto di Sant'Elena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simferopol_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Sinferopoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donetsk_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Donec'k
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangier_Ibn_Battouta_Airport=Aeroporto di Tangeri-Ibn Battuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaa_Airport=Aeroporto di Anaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tours_Val_de_Loire_Airport=Aeroporto di Tours Val de Loire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Tontouta_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Numea-La Tontouta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lydd_Airport=Aeroporto di Londra-Ashford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Thanh_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Long Thanh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dong_Hoi_Airport=Aeroporto di Dong Hoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clermont-Ferrand_Auvergne_Airport=Aeroporto di Clermont-Ferrand Auvergne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakynthos_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Zante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandalay_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Mandalay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanbu_Airport=Aeroporto di Yanbu-Principe Abd al-Muhsin bin Abd al-Aziz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Azlan_Shah_Airport=Aeroporto di Ipoh-Sultano Azlan Shah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Abdul_Halim_Airport=Aeroporto di Alor Star-Sultano Abdul Halim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malacca_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Malacca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Mahmud_Airport=Aeroporto di Kuala Terengganu-Sultano Mahmud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Ismail_Petra_Airport=Aeroporto di Kota Bharu-Sultano Ismail Petra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivano-Frankivsk_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Ivano-Frankivs'k
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Island_Airport=Aeroporto dell'Isola del Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharkiv_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Charkiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamad_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Hamad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnodar_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Krasnodar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason_Jewett_Field=Aeroporto di Mason-Jewett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nausori_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Suva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moi_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale Moi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massawa_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Massaua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narimanovo_Airport=Aeroporto di Astrachan'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogashevo_Airport=Aeroporto di Tomsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chania_International_Airport=Aeroporto di La Canea-Suda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajaccio_Napoleon_Bonaparte_Airport=Aeroporto di Ajaccio Napoleone Bonaparte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurghada_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Hurghada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khabarovsk_Novy_Airport=Aeroporto di Chabarovsk-Novyj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baikal_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Ulan-Udė
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ufa_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Ufa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabriz_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Tabriz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faleolo_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Faleolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Islands_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Majuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bornholm_Airport=Aeroporto di Bornholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maputo_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Maputo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocos_(Keeling)_Islands_Airport=Aeroporto delle Isole Cocos e Keeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaceport_America=Spaceport America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaadedhdhoo_Airport=Aeroporto di Kaadedhdhoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borrego_Valley_Airport=Aeroporto di Borrego Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furnace_Creek_Airport=Aeroporto di Furnace Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Pine_Airport=Aeroporto di Lone Pine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirak_Airport=Aeroporto di Gyumri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandakan_Airport=Aeroporto di Sandakan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilopango_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Ilopango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapiti_Coast_Airport=Aeroporto di Paraparaumu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuhan_Tianhe_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Wuhan Tianhe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleppo_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Aleppo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qamdo_Bamda_Airport=Aeroporto di Qamdo Bamda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_Boudiaf_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Costantina-Mohamed Boudiaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touat-Cheikh_Sidi_Mohamed_Belkebir_Airport=Aeroporto di Adrar-Touat - Sceicco Sidi Mohamed Belkebir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh_Airport=Aeroporto di Chandigarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristides_Pereira_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Boa Vista Aristides-Pereira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuneo_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Cuneo-Levaldigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivato_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Antananarivo-Ivato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakutsk_Airport=Aeroporto di Jakutsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalaman_Airport=Aeroporto di Dalaman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trabzon_Airport=Aeroporto di Trebisonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murmansk_Airport=Aeroporto di Murmansk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talagi_Airport=Aeroporto di Arcangelo-Talagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Amenas_Airport=Aeroporto di Zarzaitine-In Aménas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugolny_Airport=Aeroporto di Anadyr'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pevek_Airport=Aeroporto di Pevek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amderma_Airport=Aeroporto di Amderma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alykel_Airport=Aeroporto di Noril'sk-Alykel'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnaul_Airport=Aeroporto di Barnaul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgorod_International_Airport=Aeroporto Internazionale di Belgorod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignatyevo_Airport=Aeroporto di Blagoveščensk-Ignat'evo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratsk_Airport=Aeroporto di Bratsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chokurdakh_Airport=Aeroporto di Čokurdach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazan_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Kazan'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemerovo_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Kemerovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pobedilovo_Airport=Aeroporto di Kirov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineralnye_Vody_Airport=Aeroporto di Mineral'nye Vody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirny_Airport=Aeroporto di Mirnyj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naryan-Mar_Airport=Aeroporto di Nar'jan-Mar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omsk_Tsentralny_Airport=Aeroporto di Omsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penza_Airport=Aeroporto di Penza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perm_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Perm'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pskov_Airport=Aeroporto di Pskov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostov-on-Don_Airport=Aeroporto di Rostov sul Don
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurumoch_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Samara-Kurumoč
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgut_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Surgut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syktyvkar_Airport=Aeroporto di Syktyvkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukhta_Airport=Aeroporto di Uchta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beslan_Airport=Aeroporto di Vladikavkaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volgograd_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Volgograd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voronezh_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Voronež-Čertovickoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igarka_Airport=Aeroporto di Igarka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usinsk_Airport=Aeroporto di Usinsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salekhard_Airport=Aeroporto di Salechard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novy_Urengoy_Airport=Aeroporto di Novyj Urengoj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moma_Airport=Aeroporto di Moma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pechora_Airport=Aeroporto di Pečora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noyabrsk_Airport=Aeroporto di Nojabr'sk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kogalym_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Kogalym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khanty-Mansiysk_Airport=Aeroporto di Chanty-Mansijsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uray_Airport=Aeroporto di Uraj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strezhevoy_Airport=Aeroporto di Streževoj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chudovo_(air_base)=Čudovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherepovets_Airport=Aeroporto di Čerepovec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palana_Airport=Aeroporto di Palana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmachim_Airbase=Base aerea di Palmachim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roshchino_International_Airport=Aeroporto di Tjumen'-Roščino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achinsk_Airport=Aeroporto di Ačinsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orenburg_Tsentralny_Airport=Aeroporto di Orenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saratov_Tsentralny_Airport=Aeroporto di Saratov-Central'nyj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uytash_Airport=Aeroporto di Machačkala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yermolino_Airport=Aeroporto di Ermolino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurgan_Airport=Aeroporto di Kurgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smolensk_South_Airport=Aeroporto di Smolensk-Južnyj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smolensk_North_Airport=Base aerea di Smolensk-Severnyj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klokovo=Base aerea di Klokovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saransk_Airport=Aeroporto di Saransk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulyanovsk_Vostochny_Airport=Aeroporto di Ul'janovsk-Vostočnyj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petropavl_Airport=Aeroporto di Petropavl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipetsk_Airport=Aeroporto di Lipeck
