http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flower_of_Scotland=Flower of Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Bogey_March=Colonel Bogey March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Birthday_to_You=Tanti auguri a te
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_in_the_Sky_with_Diamonds=Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterday_(Beatles_song)=Yesterday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_for_the_Benefit_of_Mr._Kite!=Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_in_the_Life=A Day in the Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_a_Little_Help_from_My_Friends=With a Little Help from My Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desolation_Row=Desolation Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Bless_America=God Bless America (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Evermore=The Battle of Evermore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_of_Death_(Slayer_song)=Angel of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Pigs=War Pigs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stairway_to_Heaven=Stairway to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Wood_(This_Bird_Has_Flown)=Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You'll_Never_Walk_Alone=You'll Never Walk Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dazed_and_Confused_(song)=Dazed and Confused (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Warp_(song)=The Time Warp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Little_Teapot=I'm a Little Teapot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_No_One=For No One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here,_There_and_Everywhere=Here, There and Everywhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bewitched,_Bothered_and_Bewildered=Bewitched, Bothered and Bewildered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Allen_(song)=Barbara Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_On_You_Crazy_Diamond=Shine On You Crazy Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Echoes (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Rocks=Chinese Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_the_U.S.S.R.=Back in the U.S.S.R.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Rainbow=Over the Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_You_(Badfinger_song)=Without You (Mariah Carey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potato_Head_Blues=Potato Head Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_End_Blues=West End Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice's_Restaurant=Alice's Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_River=Moon River (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_I'm_Sixty-Four=When I'm Sixty-Four
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Me_to_the_Moon=Fly Me to the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Gig_in_the_Sky=The Great Gig in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helter_Skelter_(song)=Helter Skelter (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katyusha_(song)=Katju≈°a (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Tambourine_Man=Mr. Tambourine Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalin_Wasn't_Stallin'=Stalin Wasn't Stallin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_las_Barricadas=A las barricadas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_(song)=Michelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_from_Ipanema=Garota de Ipanema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stars_and_Stripes_Forever=Stars and Stripes Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Randall=Lord Randal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Land_Is_Your_Land=This Land Is Your Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Ain't_Me_Babe=It Ain't Me Babe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itsy_Bitsy_Spider=Itsy Bitsy Spider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Way=My Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock_(song)=Woodstock (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Do_You_Sleep%3F_(John_Lennon_song)=How Do You Sleep? (John Lennon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pancho_and_Lefty=Pancho and Lefty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sympathy_for_the_Devil=Sympathy for the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Willie_McTell_(song)=Blind Willie McTell (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxman=Taxman (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Better=Getting Better
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnie_the_Moocher=Minnie the Moocher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Fought_the_Law=I Fought the Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_My_Guitar_Gently_Weeps=While My Guitar Gently Weeps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idioteque=Idioteque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guantanamera=Guantanamera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ol'_Man_River=Ol' Man River (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Brick_in_the_Wall=Another Brick in the Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo_Li_Hua=Mo Li Hua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frosty_the_Snowman=Frosty the Snowman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_to_California=Going to California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Three_Kings=We Three Kings of Orient Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hark!_The_Herald_Angels_Sing=Hark! The Herald Angels Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosh_(song)=Mosh (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashmir_(song)=Kashmir (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspicious_Minds=Suspicious Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonesome_Death_of_Hattie_Carroll=The Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fade_to_Black_(song)=Fade to Black (Metallica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faccetta_Nera=Faccetta nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_World_Gone_Mad=In a World Gone Mad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_What_Friends_Are_For=That's What Friends Are For
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Buy_Me_Love=Can't Buy Me Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimes_of_Freedom_(song)=Chimes of Freedom (Bob Dylan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Needle_and_the_Damage_Done=The Needle and the Damage Done
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Fade_Away_(song)=Not Fade Away (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Wing=Little Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Tannenbaum=O Tannenbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colors_of_the_Wind=Colors of the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'S_gibt_nur_a_Kaiserstadt,_'s_gibt_nur_a_Wien!='S gibt nur a Kaiserstadt, 's gibt nur a Wien!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagunen-Walzer=Lagunen-Walzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Boy=Danny Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_in_the_Way=Something in the Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_a_Plain=On a Plain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_Yourself_a_Merry_Little_Christmas=Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Only_Sleeping=I'm Only Sleeping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edelweiss_(song)=Edelweiss (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Won't_See_Me=You Won't See Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Got_a_Feeling=I've Got a Feeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Goes_On_(Beatles_song)=What Goes On (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Your_Bird_Can_Sing=And Your Bird Can Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama_Song=Alabama Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_for_Yourself=Think for Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wait_(Beatles_song)=Wait (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_(Leonard_Cohen_song)=Suzanne (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4th_Time_Around=4th Time Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Because_(Beatles_song)=Because
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_the_One_(World_Party_song)=She's the One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Back_Pages=My Back Pages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Jam=Mountain Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Me_Mine=I Me Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_9=Revolution 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_Remains_the_Same_(song)=The Song Remains the Same (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Georgia_Brown=Sweet Georgia Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polythene_Pam=Polythene Pam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Within_You_Without_You=Within You Without You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Came_In_Through_the_Bathroom_Window=She Came In Through the Bathroom Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Brownstone=Mr. Brownstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Majesty_(song)=Her Majesty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Mr._Mustard=Mean Mr. Mustard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell's_Silver_Hammer=Maxwell's Silver Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Road_(song)=Thunder Road (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moby_Dick_(instrumental)=Moby Dick (Led Zeppelin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_of_Us_(song)=Two of Us (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom_Heart_Mother_(suite)=Atom Heart Mother (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theme_from_New_York,_New_York=Theme from New York, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbird_(Beatles_song)=Blackbird (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Bombs=Spanish Bombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Are_My_Sunshine=You Are My Sunshine (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Whom_the_Bell_Tolls_(Metallica_song)=For Whom the Bell Tolls (Metallica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Bell=Daisy Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_Steps_(composition)=Giant Steps (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trial_(song)=The Trial (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yer_Blues=Yer Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_(The_Doors_song)=The End (The Doors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_(Beatles_song)=The End (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babe_I'm_Gonna_Leave_You=Babe I'm Gonna Leave You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Universe=Across the Universe (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eruption_(instrumental)=Eruption (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.I.B.=N.I.B.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happiness_Is_a_Warm_Gun=Happiness Is a Warm Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuck_tha_Police=Fuck tha Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Cab_for_Cutie_(song)=Death Cab for Cutie (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empty_Spaces=Empty Spaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achilles_Last_Stand=Achilles Last Stand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska_(song)=Nebraska (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Since_I've_Been_Loving_You=Since I've Been Loving You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_Frog=Peace Frog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelling_Riverside_Blues=Travelling Riverside Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Mr._Fantasy=Dear Mr. Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ether_(song)=Ether (Nas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drive_My_Car=Drive My Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_Star_(song)=Highway Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Buzz=Love Buzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_the_Evolution=Do the Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Whole_New_World=A Whole New World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Flesh%3F=In the Flesh?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Moon_(1934_song)=Blue Moon (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Connection=Rainbow Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_'Em_Up=Hit 'Em Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeover_(song)=Takeover (Jay-Z)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Several_Species_of_Small_Furry_Animals_Gathered_Together_in_a_Cave_and_Grooving_with_a_Pict=Several Species of Small Furry Animals Gathered Together in a Cave and Grooving with a Pict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Homecoming_Queen's_Got_a_Gun=The Homecoming Queen's Got a Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_in_the_Night=Strangers in the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beer_Barrel_Polka=Rosamunda (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_in_a_Million_(Guns_N'_Roses_song)=One in a Million (Guns N' Roses)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Never_Knows=Tomorrow Never Knows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkin'_My_Baby_Back_Home_(song)=Walkin' My Baby Back Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hard_Rain's_a-Gonna_Fall=A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bein'_Green=Bein' Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cymbaline=Cymbaline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smile_(Charlie_Chaplin_song)=Smile (Charlie Chaplin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigs_(Three_Different_Ones)=Pigs (Three Different Ones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_You_(She's_So_Heavy)=I Want You (She's So Heavy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mambo_No._5=Mambo No. 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Air_That_I_Breathe=The Air That I Breathe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey_Pie=Honey Pie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crickets_Sing_for_Anamaria=Crickets Sing for Anamaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_and_Day_(song)=Night and Day (Cole Porter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarkus_(song)=Tarkus (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstellar_Overdrive=Interstellar Overdrive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sabbath_(song)=Black Sabbath (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Leaf=Sweet Leaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_to_One=Five to One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lullaby_of_Birdland=Lullaby of Birdland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hernando's_Hideaway=Hernando's Hideaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Machine=Welcome to the Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/53rd_&_3rd=53rd & 3rd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negative_Creep=Negative Creep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreaker_(Led_Zeppelin_song)=Heartbreaker (Led Zeppelin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changes_(Black_Sabbath_song)=Changes (Black Sabbath)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Child_Is_This%3F=What Child Is This?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_for_the_Holidays_(song)=(There's No Place Like) Home for the Holidays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Quarter_(song)=No Quarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_Me_a_River=Cry Me a River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savoy_Truffle=Savoy Truffle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_of_Light=Carnival of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visions_of_Johanna=Visions of Johanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_(Pearl_Jam_song)=Black (Pearl Jam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octopus's_Garden=Octopus's Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_King_(song)=Sun King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sad_Eyed_Lady_of_the_Lowlands=Sad Eyed Lady of the Lowlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sappy=Sappy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isn't_She_Lovely=Isn't She Lovely?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Word_(song)=The Word (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Sea_(song)=Beyond the Sea (Bobby Darin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthday_(Beatles_song)=Birthday (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_of_My_Life_(Queen_song)=Love of My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairies_Wear_Boots=Fairies Wear Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Caravan=Planet Caravan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirge=Requiem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Pink_(and_Apple_Blossom_White)=Cherry Pink (and Apple Blossom White)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corporal_Clegg=Corporal Clegg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Do_That=You Can't Do That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You've_Got_to_Hide_Your_Love_Away=You've Got to Hide Your Love Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dig_a_Pony=Dig a Pony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_After_909=One After 909
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Never_Give_Me_Your_Money=You Never Give Me Your Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_That_Weight=Carry That Weight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_Onion=Glass Onion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Prudence=Dear Prudence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Honey_Pie=Wild Honey Pie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Continuing_Story_of_Bungalow_Bill=The Continuing Story of Bungalow Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_My_Dear=Martha My Dear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_So_Tired=I'm So Tired
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piggies=Piggies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Raccoon=Rocky Raccoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Pass_Me_By=Don't Pass Me By
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Will=I Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Nature's_Son=Mother Nature's Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Don't_We_Do_It_in_the_Road%3F=Why Don't We Do It in the Road?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody's_Got_Something_to_Hide_Except_Me_and_My_Monkey=Everybody's Got Something to Hide Except Me and My Monkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexy_Sadie=Sexy Sadie (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_Baby_Cry=Cry Baby Cry (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long,_Long,_Long=Long, Long, Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_(Beatles_instrumental)=Flying (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Mother_Should_Know=Your Mother Should Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Jay_Way=Blue Jay Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fool_on_the_Hill=The Fool on the Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fixing_a_Hole=Fixing a Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sgt._Pepper's_Lonely_Hearts_Club_Band_(song)=Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_Rita=Lovely Rita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_Good_Morning=Good Morning Good Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Leaving_Home=She's Leaving Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_You_To=Love You To
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Day_Sunshine=Good Day Sunshine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Robert=Doctor Robert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_to_Tell_You=I Want to Tell You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Said_She_Said=She Said She Said
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_(Beatles_song)=Girl (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Looking_Through_You=I'm Looking Through You (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Life=In My Life (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Needed_Someone=If I Needed Someone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_for_Your_Life=Run for Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Girl=Another Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Before_(song)=The Night Before (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Need_You_(Beatles_song)=I Need You (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Going_to_Lose_That_Girl=You're Going to Lose That Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Like_Me_Too_Much=You Like Me Too Much
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_What_You_See=Tell Me What You See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Just_Seen_a_Face=I've Just Seen a Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Reply_(song)=No Reply (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby's_in_Black=Baby's in Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Follow_the_Sun=I'll Follow the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Moonlight_(song)=Mr. Moonlight (Piano Red)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Little_Thing_(Beatles_song)=Every Little Thing (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody's_Trying_to_Be_My_Baby=Everybody's Trying to Be My Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Want_to_Spoil_the_Party=I Don't Want to Spoil the Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_You're_Doing=What You're Doing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Fell=If I Fell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Happy_Just_to_Dance_with_You=I'm Happy Just to Dance with You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Should_Have_Known_Better=I Should Have Known Better
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_Why_(Beatles_song)=Tell Me Why (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_I_Love_Her=And I Love Her
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Time_at_All=Any Time at All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Cry_Instead=I'll Cry Instead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_I_Get_Home=When I Get Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Won't_Be_Long=It Won't Be Long (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I've_Got_to_Do=All I've Got to Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Bother_Me=Don't Bother Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Child=Little Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_Me_Tight=Hold Me Tight (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_a_Second_Time=Not a Second Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misery_(Beatles_song)=Misery (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Saw_Her_Standing_There=I Saw Her Standing There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Want_to_Know_a_Secret=Do You Want to Know a Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_a_Place=There's a Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Loser=I'm a Loser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Bulldog=Hey Bulldog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_a_Northern_Song=Only a Northern Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_Too_Much=It's All Too Much
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albuquerque_(song)=Albuquerque (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magical_Mystery_Tour_(song)=Magical Mystery Tour (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dig_It_(Beatles_song)=Dig It (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Is_the_Line=Where Is the Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Ray=Sister Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Flesh_(Pink_Floyd_song)=In the Flesh (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_(Beatles_song)=Julia (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Together_Now=All Together Now (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Is_and_What_Should_Never_Be=What Is and What Should Never Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We'll_Meet_Again=We'll Meet Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grantchester_Meadows_(song)=Grantchester Meadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellraiser_(song)=Hellraiser (Mot√∂rhead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Things_Must_Pass_(song)=All Things Must Pass (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Guilty_(song)=Not Guilty (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Night_(Beatles_song)=Good Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_(Guns_N'_Roses_song)=The Garden (Guns N' Roses)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_the_New_Mary_Jane=What's the New Mary Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home!_Sweet_Home!=Home! Sweet Home!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Pines=In the Pines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Light=In the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Ice=The Thin Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happiest_Days_of_Our_Lives=The Happiest Days of Our Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Mother (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan's_Psychedelic_Breakfast=Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Blue_Sky=Goodbye Blue Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Lust_(song)=Young Lust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Leave_Me_Now_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Don't Leave Me Now (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Cruel_World_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Goodbye Cruel World (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_You_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Hey You (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_There_Anybody_Out_There%3F=Is There Anybody Out There?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody_Home=Nobody Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_(song)=Vera (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_the_Worms=Waiting for the Worms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Stop (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maybe_I'm_Amazed=Maybe I'm Amazed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rain_Song=The Rain Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Choclo=El choclo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Night_(Paul_McCartney_song)=Every Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fletcher_Memorial_Home=The Fletcher Memorial Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Turn_to_You_(All-4-One_song)=I Turn to You (Christina Aguilera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_on_the_Bayou=Born on the Bayou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Would_Be_Something=That Would Be Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_as_Much=Half as Much
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pero_Me_Acuerdo_de_Ti=Pero me acuerdo de t√≠
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Narrow_Way=The Narrow Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_the_Clocks_(song)=Stop the Clocks (brano musicale Oasis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Love_of_God_(instrumental)=For the Love of God (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supper's_Ready=Supper's Ready
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_'n'_Roll_Star=Rock 'n' Roll Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warszawa_(song)=Warszawa (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogs_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Dogs (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_House_(song)=Red House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily,_Rosemary_and_the_Jack_of_Hearts=Lily, Rosemary and the Jack of Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelter_from_the_Storm=Shelter from the Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Hurts_the_Most=What Hurts the Most
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Damage_(song)=Brain Damage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathe_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Breathe (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak_to_Me=Speak to Me (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqualung_(song)=Aqualung (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord,_Send_Me_an_Angel=Lord, Send Me an Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Got_You_Under_My_Skin=I've Got You Under My Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marooned_(instrumental)=Marooned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Gonna_Be_Alright=I'm Gonna Be Alright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voodoo_Chile=Voodoo Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Up_Thy_Stethoscope_and_Walk=Take Up Thy Stethoscope and Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_Rudolph_Run=Run Rudolph Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Years_Gone=Ten Years Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isis_(song)=Isis (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Spite_of_All_the_Danger=In Spite of All the Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Know_What_to_Do=You Know What to Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somebody_Put_Something_in_My_Drink=Something to Believe In/Somebody Put Something in My Drink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_Sweet_Marie=Absolutely Sweet Marie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_My_Love_(Led_Zeppelin_song)=All My Love (Led Zeppelin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aladdin_Sane_(song)=Aladdin Sane (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Really_Want_to_Do=All I Really Want to Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelina_(Bob_Dylan_song)=Angelina (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_of_a_Thin_Man=Ballad of a Thin Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bike_(song)=Bike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_the_Controls_for_the_Heart_of_the_Sun=Set the Controls for the Heart of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Hope=Only Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passenger_(song)=The Passenger (Iggy Pop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(Ghost)_Riders_in_the_Sky:_A_Cowboy_Legend=(Ghost) Riders in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Raise_Me_Up=You Raise Me Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Shall_We_Do_Now%3F=What Shall We Do Now?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Little_Town_of_Bethlehem=O Little Town of Bethlehem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tweeter_and_the_Monkey_Man=Tweeter and the Monkey Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jugband_Blues=Jugband Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicide_Solution=Suicide Solution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Smell=That Smell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Tropez_(song)=San Tropez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camarillo_Brillo=Camarillo Brillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Man_(Pearl_Jam_song)=Better Man (Pearl Jam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cygnus_X-1_(song_series)=Cygnus X-1 (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilda_Mother=Matilda Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pow_R._Toc_H.=Pow R. Toc H.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Hear_What_I_Hear%3F=Do You Hear What I Hear?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Come_U_Don't_Call_Me_Anymore%3F=How Come U Don't Call Me Anymore?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Wonderland=Winter Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gnome=The Gnome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Letter=Death Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_of_the_World_(The_Pussycat_Dolls_song)=Top of the World (Pussycat Dolls)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Time_Goes_By_(song)=As Time Goes By
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lemon_Song=The Lemon Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_(Led_Zeppelin_song)=Thank You (Led Zeppelin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramble_On=Ramble On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_of_the_Soviet_Tankmen=Marcia dei carristi sovietici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous_Blue_Raincoat=Famous Blue Raincoat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_(The_Velvet_Underground_song)=The Gift (Velvet Underground)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_the_Greatest=I'm the Greatest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2112_(song)=The Temples of Syrinx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_of_the_Species=Original of the Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Round_Midnight_(song)='Round Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Cut_Is_the_Deepest=The First Cut Is the Deepest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prophet's_Song=The Prophet's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Know_Your_Enemy_(Rage_Against_the_Machine_song)=Know Your Enemy (Rage Against the Machine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Barchetta=Red Barchetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Show_Must_Go_On_(Pink_Floyd_song)=The Show Must Go On (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wooden_Ships=Wooden Ships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortez_the_Killer=Cortez the Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Ledbetter=Yellow Ledbetter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Wee_Small_Hours_of_the_Morning=In the Wee Small Hours of the Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_to_Stand_Still=Running to Stand Still
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Rain_on_My_Parade=Don't Rain on My Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bei_Mir_Bistu_Shein=Bei Mir Bistu Shein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_a_Little_Dream_of_Me=Dream a Little Dream of Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucifer_Sam=Lucifer Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy_Domine=Astronomy Domine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Suns_in_the_Sunset=Two Suns in the Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Had_to_Be_You_(song)=It Had to Be You (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_in_Time=Child in Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elegia=Elegia (disambigua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_the_Page_(Bob_Seger_song)=Turn the Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_the_Blue_Sky=Bullet the Blue Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hill_Mining_Town=Red Hill Mining Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_(U2_song)=Bad (U2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogie_Woogie_Bugle_Boy=Boogie Woogie Bugle Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Beast_(Disney_song)=Beauty and the Beast (Disney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_My_Thumb=Under My Thumb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_in_Tunisia=A Night in Tunisia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pillow_of_Winds=A Pillow of Winds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idiot_Wind=Idiot Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(What's_So_Funny_'Bout)_Peace,_Love,_and_Understanding=(What's So Funny 'Bout) Peace, Love, and Understanding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mexican_(song)=The Mexican (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funeral_for_a_Friend/Love_Lies_Bleeding=Funeral for a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Rock_'n_Roll=Kill Rock 'n Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crying_in_the_Chapel=Crying in the Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_Constant_Sorrow=Man of Constant Sorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_War=Masters of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Hopes_(Frank_Sinatra_song)=High Hopes (Frank Sinatra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guns_of_Brixton=The Guns of Brixton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R&B_Junkie=R&B Junkie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Men_Don't_Kill_Coyotes=True Men Don't Kill Coyotes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_to_Touch_the_Earth=Not to Touch the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_a_Little_Faith_in_Me=Have a Little Faith in Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cygnet_Committee=Cygnet Committee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Eyed_Boy_from_Freecloud=Wild Eyed Boy from Freecloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Few_Bricks=The Last Few Bricks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Width_of_a_Circle=The Width of a Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Madmen_(song)=All the Madmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_All_(David_Bowie_song)=After All (David Bowie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Supermen=The Supermen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh!_You_Pretty_Things=Oh! You Pretty Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kooks_(song)=Kooks (David Bowie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicksand_(David_Bowie_song)=Quicksand (David Bowie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_for_Bob_Dylan=Song for Bob Dylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Bitch=Queen Bitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bewlay_Brothers=The Bewlay Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21st_Century_Schizoid_Man=21st Century Schizoid Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Stuff=The White Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can't_Watch_This=I Can't Watch This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfly_(Kylie_Minogue_song)=Butterfly (Kylie Minogue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Back_to_Life=Coming Back to Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroin_(The_Velvet_Underground_song)=Heroin (Velvet Underground)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Waiting_for_the_Man=I'm Waiting for the Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yet_Another_Movie=Yet Another Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Stardust=Lady Stardust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang_On_to_Yourself=Hang On to Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziggy_Stardust_(song)=Ziggy Stardust (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_That_Man=Watch That Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_in_Detroit=Panic in Detroit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cracked_Actor_(song)=Cracked Actor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Grinning_Soul=Lady Grinning Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growin'_Up=Growin' Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tombstone_Blues=Tombstone Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_a_Buick_6=From a Buick 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Jane_Approximately=Queen Jane Approximately
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Like_Tom_Thumb's_Blues=Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_in_the_World=What in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Crashing_in_the_Same_Car=Always Crashing in the Same Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Career_in_a_New_Town=A New Career in a New Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Decade=Art Decade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weeping_Wall_(instrumental)=Weeping Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_the_Silent_Age=Sons of the Silent Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackout_(David_Bowie_song)=Blackout (David Bowie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V-2_Schneider=V-2 Schneider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sense_of_Doubt=Sense of Doubt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_May_(folk_song)=Maggie Mae (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_Back_(song)=I'll Be Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_Drug=Miracle Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Hard_out_Here_for_a_Pimp=It's Hard out Here for a Pimp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_(song)=Jackson (Johnny Cash e June Carter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangerine_(Led_Zeppelin_song)=Tangerine (Led Zeppelin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaiyya_Chaiyya=Chaiyya Chaiyya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocaine_Blues=Cocaine Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_School_Girls_Rule=Catholic School Girls Rule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Been_Waiting_for_You_(Neil_Young_song)=I've Been Waiting for You (Neil Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Void_(Black_Sabbath_song)=Into the Void (Black Sabbath)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanton_Song=The Wanton Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wot's..._Uh_the_Deal%3F=Wot's... Uh the Deal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herr_Mannelig=Herr Mannelig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_London_Boys=The London Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_of_Hollis_Brown=Ballad of Hollis Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Crow_Blues=Black Crow Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Old_Sun=Fat Old Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boots_of_Spanish_Leather=Boots of Spanish Leather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feeling_Good=Feeling Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signs_of_Life_(instrumental)=Signs of Life (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Machine=A New Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childhood's_End_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Childhood's End (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanderer_(U2_song)=The Wanderer (U2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hands_That_Built_America=The Hands That Built America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Part_II=God Part II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrine,_Corrina=Corrine, Corrina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigs_on_the_Wing=Pigs on the Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixteen_Going_on_Seventeen=Sixteen Going on Seventeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Black_Angel=Sweet Black Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Mystic=Into the Mystic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_There's_an_Answer=I Know There's an Answer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing,_Sing,_Sing_(With_a_Swing)=Sing, Sing, Sing (With a Swing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Still_Believe_in_Me=You Still Believe in Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Talk_(Put_Your_Head_on_My_Shoulder)=Don't Talk (Put Your Head on My Shoulder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/25_Minutes_to_Go=25 Minutes to Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help_Me,_Rhonda=Help Me, Rhonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Been_Loving_You_Too_Long=I've Been Loving You Too Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_What_(Miles_Davis_composition)=So What (Miles Davis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowledge_(song)=Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Blue_Room=Your Blue Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maybe_I'm_a_Leo=Maybe I'm a Leo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Boy_(song)=Teddy Boy (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Waiting_for_the_Day=I'm Waiting for the Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Go_Away_for_Awhile=Let's Go Away for Awhile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Sounds_(instrumental)=Pet Sounds (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Girls_(1957)=Disney Girls (1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_in_the_Life_of_a_Tree=A Day in the Life of a Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Prayer=Our Prayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabinessence=Cabinessence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_Chimes_(song)=Wind Chimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vegetables_(song)=Vegetables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karn_Evil_9=Karn Evil 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Castle_Magic=Spanish Castle Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_Queen_(Roxy_Music_song)=Beauty Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Every_Dream_Home_a_Heartache=In Every Dream Home a Heartache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_(Pink_Floyd_song)=If (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_(The_Shirelles_song)=Boys (The Shirelles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Was_a_Friend_of_Mine=He Was a Friend of Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_to_You_(The_Police_song)=Next to You (The Police)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_in_Its_Right_Place=Everything in Its Right Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Blues=All Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceania_(song)=Oceania (Bj√∂rk)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy_(song)=Astronomy (Blue √ñyster Cult)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Globe=Dark Globe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popular_(Wicked_song)=Popular (Wicked)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Street=Love Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Halloween=This Is Halloween
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby,_Let_Me_Follow_You_Down=Baby, Let Me Follow You Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Is_on_My_Side=Time Is on My Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inca_Roads_(song)=Inca Roads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuck_Her_Gently=Fuck Her Gently
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texarkana_(song)=Texarkana (R.E.M.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MLK_(song)=MLK (U2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seconds_(song)=Seconds (U2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You've_Got_Trouble=If You've Got Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someday_My_Prince_Will_Come=Someday My Prince Will Come (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_for_the_Music=Thank You for the Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crack_Addict=Crack Addict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maid_Freed_from_the_Gallows=The Maid Freed from the Gallows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Music_(song)=The Sound of Music (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Woman_(song)=L.A. Woman (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Season=Third Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masterplan_(song)=The Masterplan (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bonny_Hind=The Bonny Heyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleeding_Me=Bleeding Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_My_Bitch=Ain't My Bitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Angel's_Death_Song=The Black Angel's Death Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gunner's_Dream=The Gunner's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See-Saw_(song)=See-Saw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_Don't_You_Cry_for_Me=Woman Don't You Cry for Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_One=Dear One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mas_que_Nada=Mas que nada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10:15_Saturday_Night=10:15 Saturday Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Godiva's_Operation=Lady Godiva's Operation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Light/White_Heat_(song)=White Light/White Heat (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_(John_Lennon_song)=Love (John Lennon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chain=The Chain (Fleetwood Mac)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_Tonight=Talk Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_Shelter=Gimme Shelter (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villotta=Villotta (musica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carnal_and_the_Crane=The Carnal and the Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Could_Have_Danced_All_Night=I Could Have Danced All Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_a_Gigolo_(song)=Just a Gigolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_the_World_Away=Half the World Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Bossa_Nova=Soul Bossa Nova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Joy=Private Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_Over_Now,_Baby_Blue=It's All Over Now, Baby Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan's_Dream=Bob Dylan's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapter_24=Chapter 24
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Let_Me_Be_Misunderstood=Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan's_Blues=Bob Dylan's Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_John's_Band=Uncle John's Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Prepared_(song)=Be Prepared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makin'_Whoopee=Makin' Whoopee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Your_Daughter..._to_the_Slaughter=Bring Your Daughter... To the Slaughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Surrender_(song)=No Surrender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Virginia=Sweet Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(At_Your_Best)_You_Are_Love=At Your Best (You Are Love)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judas_(ballad)=Iudas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorrow_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Sorrow (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_You_Hear_Me_Knocking=Can't You Hear Me Knocking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Now_My_Love_(song)=Et maintenant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elements:_Fire=The Elements: Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Song_(Tesla_song)=Love Song (Tesla)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Rambler=Midnight Rambler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Rocking_Tonight=Good Rockin' Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Truckin'=Space Truckin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Fence_Me_In_(song)=Don't Fence Me In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corduroy_(song)=Corduroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castles_Made_of_Sand_(song)=Castles Made of Sand (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wherever_I_Lay_My_Hat_(That's_My_Home)=Wherever I Lay My Hat (That's My Home)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robyn_and_Gandeleyn=Robyn and Gandeleyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beware_of_Darkness_(song)=Beware of Darkness (George Harrison)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Only_Love=It's Only Love (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Is_a_Tramp=The Lady Is a Tramp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_She_Does=Anything She Does
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Turn_Around=Don't Turn Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_You_Were_Mine_(Prince_song)=When You Were Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_Your_Love=Feel Your Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wade_in_the_Water=Wade in the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moonshiner=The Moonshiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamonds_&_Rust_(song)=Diamonds & Rust (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazy_(Deep_Purple_song)=Lazy (Deep Purple)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dreamed_a_Dream=I Dreamed a Dream (Les Mis√©rables)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naima=Naima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Won't_Say_(I'm_in_Love)=I Won't Say (I'm in Love)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorpsycho_Nitemare=Motorpsycho Nitemare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crying_Song=Crying Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Like_Being_in_Love=Almost Like Being in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Comes_Around_(song)=The Man Comes Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elderly_Woman_Behind_the_Counter_in_a_Small_Town=Elderly Woman Behind the Counter in a Small Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Want_to_Talk_About_It=I Don't Want to Talk About It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Tied_Up=Pretty Tied Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Man_(Bo_Diddley_song)=I'm a Man (Bo Diddley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marenariello='O marenariello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_the_Supermarket=Lost in the Supermarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_to_the_River=Take Me to the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Me,_Sue_You_Blues=Sue Me, Sue You Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Can_See_It=Who Can See It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_(Frank_Zappa_song)=Montana (Frank Zappa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_You_Ever_Been_(To_Electric_Ladyland)=Have You Ever Been (To Electric Ladyland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Son=European Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Just_Can't_Wait_to_Be_King=I Just Can't Wait to Be King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_(John_Lennon_song)=God (John Lennon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starless=Starless (King Crimson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_My_God_(Guns_N'_Roses_song)=Oh My God (Guns N' Roses)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_(Elton_John_song)=The Bridge (Elton John)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_the_Girl=Kiss the Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talkin'_New_York=Talkin' New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Tread_on_Me_(Metallica_song)=Don't Tread on Me (Metallica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_in_Furs_(song)=Venus in Furs (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Freeloader=Freddie Freeloader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Shot_Ya%3F=Who Shot Ya?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandiera_Rossa=Bandiera rossa (canzone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_and_Around=Around and Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_'n'_Dry_(Saturday_Night)=High 'n' Dry (Saturday Night)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Country_Blues=North Country Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tire_Me=Tire Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biding_My_Time=Biding My Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_to_the_Edge_(song)=Close to the Edge (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siberian_Khatru=Siberian Khatru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12-Bar_Original=12-Bar Original
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upgrade_U=Upgrade U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embryo_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Embryo (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirrus_Minor_(song)=Cirrus Minor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Lost_My_Little_Girl=I Lost My Little Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Funny_Friend_and_Me=My Funny Friend and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_the_Khyber=Up the Khyber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicksilver_(instrumental)=Quicksilver (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_by_Step_(Annie_Lennox_song)=Step by Step (Whitney Houston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Means_a_Lot=That Means a Lot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cayenne_(instrumental)=Cayenne (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alte_Kameraden=Alte Kameraden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_So_Bored_with_the_USA=I'm So Bored with the U.S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Alright,_Ma_(I'm_Only_Bleeding)=It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Only_Wish_(This_Year)=My Only Wish (This Year)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_Vizier's_Garden_Party=The Grand Vizier's Garden Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Spanish_Piece=A Spanish Piece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dramatic_Theme=Dramatic Theme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_(Pearl_Jam_song)=Once (Pearl Jam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Grain_of_Sand=Every Grain of Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Sunset=Indian Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pastime_Paradise=Pastime Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gates_of_Delirium=The Gates of Delirium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Shall_Be_Released=I Shall Be Released
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Is_the_Colour=Green Is the Colour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross-Eyed_Mary=Cross-Eyed Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do-Re-Mi=Do-Re-Mi (Rodgers e Hammerstein)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_(Baby_Please_Come_Home)=Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carpal_Tunnel_of_Love=The Carpal Tunnel of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunak_Tunak_Tun=Tunak Tunak Tun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defying_Gravity_(song)=Defying Gravity (Wicked)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_She_Sweet=Ain't She Sweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isolation_(John_Lennon_song)=Isolation (John Lennon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonely_Goatherd=The Lonely Goatherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Soul=Mr. Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Good=For Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Music's_Over=When the Music's Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Right_(Ciara_song)=That's Right (Ciara)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kajra_Re=Kajra Re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_Wants_Me_for_a_Sunbeam=Jesus Want Me for a Sunbeam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twelve_Days_of_Christmas_(song)=Twelve Days of Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_to_Woody=Song to Woody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endless_Dream=Endless Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Didn't_Care=If I Didn't Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ne_me_quitte_pas=Ne me quitte pas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nella_Fantasia=Nella Fantasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Slumbers=Golden Slumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Belongs_to_Me=She Belongs to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ground_Beneath_Her_Feet_(song)=The Ground Beneath Her Feet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel's_Oboe=Gabriel's Oboe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flamenco_Sketches=Flamenco Sketches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Harlem_Incident=Spanish Harlem Incident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Degrees_of_Inner_Turbulence_(song)=Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_Some_Truth=Gimme Some Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pledging_My_Time=Pledging My Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crippled_Inside=Crippled Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_from_the_North_Country=Girl from the North Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitaph_(song)=Epitaph (singolo King Crimson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Ramona=To Ramona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Minus_Zero/No_Limit=Love Minus Zero/No Limit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_She_Comes_Now=Here She Comes Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Stone_from_the_Sun=Third Stone from the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleep_Walk=Sleep Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junk_(song)=Junk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Sequence=Party Sequence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redondo_Beach_(song)=Redondo Beach (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Blues=More Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Friendly_Beasts=The Friendly Beasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ecstasy_of_Gold=L'estasi dell'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vegetable_Man=Vegetable Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Ain't_Goin'_Nowhere=You Ain't Goin' Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_of_a_Well-Known_Gun=Ballad of a Well-Known Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manic_Depression_(song)=Manic Depression
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Old_Song_and_Dance=Same Old Song and Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_Run_Run_(The_Velvet_Underground_song)=Run Run Run (The Velvet Underground)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whipping_Post_(song)=Whipping Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rearviewmirror=Rearviewmirror (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothingman=Nothingman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Favorite_Girl=Favorite Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyline_Pigeon=Skyline Pigeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_Down_the_Mission=Burn Down the Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Lisas_and_Mad_Hatters=Mona Lisas and Mad Hatters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Sky_(song)=Blue Sky (The Allman Brothers Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Away_Eyes=Far Away Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_T&A=Little T&A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fischia_il_vento=Fischia il vento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firth_of_Fifth=Firth of Fifth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Bath=Digital Bath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Love_and_Trust=State of Love and Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breath_(Pearl_Jam_song)=Breath (Pearl Jam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_Id=I Got Id
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowgirl_in_the_Sand=Cowgirl in the Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_I_Got_Over=How I Got Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Part_of_Your_World=Part of Your World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_(Pearl_Jam_song)=Brother (Pearl Jam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Mountain_(song)=White Mountain (Genesis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larks'_Tongues_in_Aspic_(instrumental)=Larks' Tongues in Aspic (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Can_Dream=If You Can Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_(Lazlo_Bane_song)=Superman (Lazlo Bane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belfast_(Elton_John_song)=Belfast (Elton John)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_Your_Heart_Broken=Keep Your Heart Broken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_in_New_York_(song)=Autumn in New York (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Yoko!=Oh Yoko!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gospel_Plow=Gospel Plow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_So_Glad=I'm So Glad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_On_in_My_Kitchen=Come On in My Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Good_Deed_(song)=No Good Deed (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Beat,_Pig_Meat=Heart Beat, Pig Meat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Whip_Comes_Down=When the Whip Comes Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ages_of_You=Ages of You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soft_Parade_(song)=The Soft Parade (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_(John_Lennon_song)=Remember (John Lennon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Found_Out=I Found Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hair_(Hair_song)=Hair (Hair)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_You_(Madonna_song)=Hey You (Madonna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Misery=Miss Misery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elke=Elke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_Serenade=Moonlight Serenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Way_to_Stop_It=No Way to Stop It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raunchy_(instrumental)=Raunchy (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquest_(song)=Conquest (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_One_Mourns_the_Wicked=No One Mourns the Wicked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fors_seulement=Fors seulement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Days_a_Week=Eight Days a Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_(Moby_song)=Go (Moby)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_Your_Lips_Are_Still_Red=While Your Lips Are Still Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Du_tout_plongiet=Du tout plongiet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_When_I_Reach_for_My_Revolver=That's When I Reach for My Revolver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pale_Blue_Eyes=Pale Blue Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip_This_Joint=Rip This Joint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Happy_(song)=Get Happy (canzone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1983..._(A_Merman_I_Should_Turn_to_Be)=1983... (A Merman I Should Turn to Be)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_No_Corrida_(song)=Ai No Corrida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campanilleros=Campanilleros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stones_Throw_from_Hurtin'=Stones Throw from Hurtin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_with_the_Past_(song)=Sleeping with the Past (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitch_Please_II=Bitch Please II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_the_Pimp=Willie the Pimp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Sun=California Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_in_Love_with_My_Car=I'm in Love with My Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Happened_to_Me_Yesterday=Something Happened to Me Yesterday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_On_(John_Lennon_song)=Hold On (John Lennon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Never_Entered_My_Mind=It Never Entered My Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Radio_One=Capital Radio E.P.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Hassle_(song)=Street Hassle (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tank_(song)=Tank (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Can't_Dance=If I Can't Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_Weep_for_Me=Willow Weep for Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_%22Weird_Al%22_Yankovic_polka_medleys=Brani musicali polka di "Weird Al" Yankovic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Rider=Midnight Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadsyaname=Wadsyaname
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowplay_(song)=Shadowplay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stagger_Lee=Stagger Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Vaseline=No Vaseline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinata=Dynata dynata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muffin_Man_(song)=Muffin Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season_of_the_Witch_(song)=Season of the Witch (Donovan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Seen_All_Good_People=I've Seen All Good People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climb_Ev'ry_Mountain=Climb Ev'ry Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_(Rodgers_and_Hammerstein_song)=Maria (The Sound of Music)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Twist_of_Fate=Simple Twist of Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Takes_a_Lot_to_Laugh,_It_Takes_a_Train_to_Cry=It Takes a Lot to Laugh, It Takes a Train to Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Too_Many_Mornings=One Too Many Mornings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Ship_Comes_In=When the Ship Comes In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humble_Neighborhoods=Humble Neighborhoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_Me_While_I'm_Sleeping=Catch Me While I'm Sleeping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restless_Farewell=Restless Farewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_This_the_World_We_Created...%3F=Is This the World We Created...?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torn_and_Frayed=Torn and Frayed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyday_(Buddy_Holly_song)=Everyday (Buddy Holly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Walk_Home=Long Walk Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Cuz_I_Can_(Pink_song)='Cuz I Can
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tears_of_Rage=Tears of Rage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L-O-V-E=L-O-V-E
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glamorous_Indie_Rock_&_Roll=Glamorous Indie Rock & Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crying,_Waiting,_Hoping=Crying, Waiting, Hoping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infant_Holy,_Infant_Lowly=W ≈º≈Çobie le≈ºy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Points_of_Authority=Pts.of.Athrty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Much_Blood=Too Much Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mule_(song)=The Mule (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weight_of_the_World_(Evanescence_song)=Weight of the World (Evanescence)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venceremos_(song)=Venceremos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wah-Wah_(song)=Wah-Wah (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Find_My_Way_Home=Can't Find My Way Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loving_Cup_(song)=Loving Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Is_a_Long_Time=Tomorrow Is a Long Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Believe_You_(She_Acts_Like_We_Never_Have_Met)=I Don't Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_with_Me_(Faces_song)=Stay with Me (Faces)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_America_(song)=White America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell,_Angelina_(song)=Farewell, Angelina (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cage_the_Songbird_(song)=Cage the Songbird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_Santa_Claus=Here Comes Santa Claus (Right Down Santa Claus Lane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Just_Shot_John_Lennon=I Just Shot John Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Than_a_Woman_(Bee_Gees_song)=More Than a Woman (Bee Gees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Long_as_You're_Mine=As Long as You're Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caramelldansen=Caramelldansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerously_in_Love_2=Dangerously in Love (Destiny's Child)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_N_Roll_Nigger=Rock 'n' Roll Nigger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dink's_Song=Dink's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.A.M.O.N.E.S.=R.A.M.O.N.E.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Today_(Paul_McCartney_song)=Here Today (Paul McCartney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Michelle=My Michelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guaranteed_(Eddie_Vedder_song)=Guaranteed (Eddie Vedder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Seen_It_All=I've Seen It All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Out_Cleveland=Look Out Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_Get_Em=Let Me Get 'Em
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Do_You_Want_from_Me_(Pink_Floyd_song)=What Do You Want from Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_Your_Baby_Tonight=I'll Be Your Baby Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europa_(Earth's_Cry_Heaven's_Smile)=Europa (Earth's Cry Heaven's Smile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Well_Well_Well_(John_Lennon_song)=Well Well Well (John Lennon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_England=A New England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Father's_Gun=My Father's Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Care_(Elton_John_song)=I Don't Care (Elton John)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_Time_(Huey_Lewis_and_the_News_song)=Back in Time (Huey Lewis and the News)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Horse_Town=One Horse Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Live_for_You=I Live for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_on_the_Highway=Working on the Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darlington_County_(song)=Darlington County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ties_That_Bind_(Bruce_Springsteen_song)=The Ties That Bind (Bruce Springsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Town=Oxford Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girlfriend_(Paul_McCartney_song)=Girlfriend (Michael Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_You_Inside-Out=Turn You Inside-Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Think_So=I Don't Think So
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_Boogie=Casino Boogie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powderfinger_(song)=Powderfinger (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ur_So_Gay=Ur So Gay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awaken_(song)=Awaken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_are_seven_that_pull_the_thread=There are seven that pull the thread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_in_the_Street=Out in the Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Hohenfriedberger=Hohenfriedberger Marsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How%3F_(song)=How?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lamb_Lies_Down_on_Broadway_(song)=The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizard_of_the_Hood_(song)=Wizard of the Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Harvest_(Has_Surely_Come)=King Harvest (Has Surely Come)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Son_of_Monster_Magnet=The Return of the Son of Monster Magnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranded_(Plumb_song)=Stranded (Jennifer Paige)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_the_Blues=Fight the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Actor_(The_Moody_Blues_song)=The Actor (The Moody Blues)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful,_Dirty,_Rich=Beautiful, Dirty, Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Day_and_Night=Workin' Day and Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing_Welcomes_You=Beijing Huanying Ni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Warhol_(song)=Andy Warhol (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavanda=Lavanda (disambigua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jillian_(I'd_Give_My_Heart)=Jillian (I'd Give My Heart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_in_Plain_D=Ballad in Plain D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Hard_to_Be_a_Saint_in_the_City=It's Hard to Be a Saint in the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsy_(Of_a_Strange_and_Distant_Time)=Gypsy (Of a Strange and Distant Time)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Favorite_Things_(song)=My Favorite Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bells_of_Rhymney=The Bells of Rhymney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Balance=The Balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anji_(instrumental)=Anji (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can_Leave_Your_Hat_On=You Can Leave Your Hat On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Ain't_Gonna_Be_Easy=It Ain't Gonna Be Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madness_(Elton_John_song)=Madness (Elton John)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restless_(Elton_John_song)=Restless (Elton John)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Rising_Sun=The House of the Rising Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan_Blues=Bob Dylan Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_the_Years_Go_Passing_By=As the Years Go Passing By
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa_Nero_(song)=Papa nero (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Not_Sorry=You're Not Sorry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azzurro=Azzurro (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_(Guns_N'_Roses_song)=Better (Guns N' Roses)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_City_of_Ruins=My City of Ruins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_&_Roll_(The_Velvet_Underground_song)=Rock & Roll (Velvet Underground)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_the_Most_Wonderful_Time_of_the_Year=It's the Most Wonderful Time of the Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Read_the_Letter=Please Read the Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherokee_(Ray_Noble_song)=Cherokee (Ray Noble)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Like_Worms%3F=Do You Like Worms?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Young_(Bob_Dylan_song)=Forever Young (Bob Dylan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_with_Gladness_Men_of_Old=As with Gladness, Men of Old
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yummy_(Gwen_Stefani_song)=Yummy (Gwen Stefani)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'97_Bonnie_&_Clyde='97 Bonnie & Clyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_at_Me_(John_Lennon_song)=Look at Me (John Lennon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_of_Arc_(Leonard_Cohen_song)=Joan of Arc (Leonard Cohen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Goose_(song)=Mother Goose (Jethro Tull)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lying_from_You=Lying from You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Ho_(song)=Jai Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose's_Turn=Rose's Turn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Mario_Bros._theme=Super Mario Bros. Theme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bozner_Bergsteigerlied=S√ºdtirollied
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moment_of_Surrender=Moment of Surrender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_(U2_song)=Winter (U2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Mummy's_Dead=My Mummy's Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_Old_Soldiers=Talking Old Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_and_I=The Wizard and I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Through_Life=Dancing Through Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanco_(song)=Blanco (Pitbull)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazier_(Taylor_Swift_song)=Crazier (Taylor Swift)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Beginning=A Beginning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billie's_Bounce=Billie's Bounce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan's_115th_Dream=Bob Dylan's 115th Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Queen_of_Arkansas=Mary Queen of Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Does_This_Bus_Stop_at_82nd_Street%3F=Does This Bus Stop at 82nd Street?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_the_Flood=Lost in the Flood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angel_(song)=The Angel (Bruce Springsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_You_(Bruce_Springsteen_song)=For You (Bruce Springsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thy_Holy_Wings=Bred dina vida vingar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_(Michael_Jackson_song)=Dangerous (brano musicale Michael Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Road_Again_(Bob_Dylan_song)=On the Road Again (Bob Dylan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_a_Drum=Bang a Drum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Didn't_Know_My_Own_Strength_(Whitney_Houston_song)=I Didn't Know My Own Strength
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_(Bob_Dylan_song)=Joey (Bob Dylan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls'_Generation_(song)=Girls' Generation (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_Demon_(song)=Speed Demon (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me,_Momma=Tell Me, Momma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Is_More=More Is More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Go_Crazy=I Wanna Go Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Affair_(Mike_Oldfield_song)=Foreign Affair (Mike Oldfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Alive=Still Alive (Portal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane_(Thirty_Seconds_to_Mars_song)=Hurricane (Thirty Seconds to Mars)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_It_(Michael_Jackson_song)=This Is It (Michael Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Out_the_Oven=Fresh Out the Oven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_You_Lead=Where You Lead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiggy_Wiggy=Chiggy Wiggy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_(Justin_Bieber_song)=Love Me (Justin Bieber)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Tree_(Lady_Gaga_song)=Christmas Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_See_You_(Theme_from_Avatar)=I See You (Theme from Avatar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speechless_(Lady_Gaga_song)=Speechless (Lady Gaga)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Only_Love_Doing_Its_Thing=It's Only Love Doing Its Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Was_the_Night,_Cold_Was_the_Ground=Dark Was the Night, Cold Was the Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silence_(song)=The Silence (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranded_(Haiti_Mon_Amour)=Stranded (Haiti Mon Amour)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100%25_(Mariah_Carey_song)=100% (Mariah Carey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knockout_(Lil_Wayne_song)=Knockout (Lil Wayne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_to_Find_My_Baby=I Got to Find My Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Need_You_for_Christmas=I Need You for Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Still_Miss_Someone=I Still Miss Someone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokus_Pokus_(Insane_Clown_Posse_song)=Hokus Pokus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scars_(Natalie_Imbruglia_song)=Scars (Natalie Imbruglia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seek_&_Destroy=Seek & Destroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_(Lena_Meyer-Landrut_song)=Love Me (Lena Meyer-Landrut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Start_(song)=Back to the Start
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_of_Dreams_(Guns_N'_Roses_song)=Street of Dreams (Guns N' Roses)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head,_Shoulders,_Knees_and_Toes=Head, Shoulders, Knees and Toes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathe_(Taylor_Swift_song)=Breathe (Taylor Swift)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Boy_(song)=Dear Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciribiribin=Ciribiribin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Walk=Liberty Walk (Miley Cyrus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izlel_ye_Delyo_Haydutin=Izlel ye Delyo Haydutin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'd_Have_You_Anytime=I'd Have You Anytime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Your_Lover_Now=She's Your Lover Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_Mercy_on_the_Criminal=Have Mercy on the Criminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Like_the_Movies=Not Like the Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_the_Drain=Circle the Drain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Thoughts_on_Woody_Guthrie=Last Thoughts on Woody Guthrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistreated_(song)=Mistreated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crying_in_the_Rain_(Whitesnake_song)=Crying in the Rain (Whitesnake)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walls_of_Red_Wing=Walls of Red Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayya_(song)=Mayya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheater_(song)=Cheater (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caminito_(song)=Caminito (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peacock_(song)=Peacock (Katy Perry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_Baby=Runaway Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquor_Store_Blues=Liquor Store Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Be_Mine_(Michael_Jackson_song)=Baby Be Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_to_Now_St._Peter%3F=Where to Now St. Peter?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Your_Father=Son of Your Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mothers_of_the_Disappeared=Mothers of the Disappeared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak_Now_(song)=Speak Now (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_the_Rock=Stop the Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Get_It_In=Let's Get It In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_and_Destroy_(Thirty_Seconds_to_Mars_song)=Search and Destroy (Thirty Seconds to Mars)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuerte_(song)=Fuerte (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleazy_(Kesha_song)=Sleazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_to_the_Edge_of_the_World=Running to the Edge of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman's_Revenge=Roman's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rastlose_Liebe=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_the_Devil_Blues=Me and the Devil Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Goes_On_(Elisa_song)=Una poesia anche per te
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_Love_(Not_a_Dream)=Show Me Love (Not a Dream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Year's_Eve_(song)=New Year's Eve (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picasso's_Last_Words_(Drink_to_Me)=Picasso's Last Words (Drink to Me)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargazer_(Rainbow_song)=Stargazer (Rainbow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_(Bob_Dylan_song)=Farewell (Bob Dylan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_You_Were_Here_(Pink_Floyd_song)=Wish You Were Here (brano musicale Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Age_(song)=Old Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_(U2_song)=Exit (U2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_a_Pawn_in_Their_Game=Only a Pawn in Their Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Is_My_Mind%3F=Where Is My Mind?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Got_to_Get_You_into_My_Life=Got to Get You into My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa-Fe_(Bob_Dylan_song)=Santa-Fe (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotus_Flower_(song)=Lotus Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duran_Duran_(song)=Duran Duran (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mustaa_kahvia=Mustaa kahvia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Madelon=Quand Madelon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Endris_Night=This Endris Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbird_(Alter_Bridge_song)=Blackbird (brano musicale Alter Bridge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_the_One=I Was the One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_a_Heartbreaker=You're a Heartbreaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hair_(Lady_Gaga_song)=Hair (Lady Gaga)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(What_Is)_Love%3F=(What Is) Love?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Man_(Lynyrd_Skynyrd_song)=Simple Man (Lynyrd Skynyrd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catfish_(Bob_Dylan_song)=Catfish (Bob Dylan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prinz_Eugen,_der_edle_Ritter=Principe Eugenio, il nobile cavaliere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Hunter_(Thirty_Seconds_to_Mars_song)=Night of the Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1+1_(song)=1+1 (Beyonc√©)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marathon_(Rush_song)=Marathon (singolo Rush)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Bang_Bang_(Selena_Gomez_&_the_Scene_song)=Bang Bang Bang (Selena Gomez & the Scene)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toinen=Toinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lovely_Linda=The Lovely Linda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaj_Ki_Raat=Aaj Ki Raat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_22_June_song=Canzone del 22 giugno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_and_Glass=Steel and Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_(Sugababes_song)=Freedom (Sugababes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Go_to_Sleep=I Go to Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Go_Breaking_My_Heart_(Agnes_song)=Don't Go Breaking My Heart (Agnes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunar_(song)=Lunar (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Feet's_Too_Big=Your Feet's Too Big
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_Your_Life_(David_Guetta_song)=Night of Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioactive_(Marina_and_the_Diamonds_song)=Radioactive (Marina and the Diamonds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aisumasen_(I'm_Sorry)=Aisumasen (I'm Sorry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_(I_Know)=I Know (I Know)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_Blindness=Love Is Blindness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Loving_It=Still Loving It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cockiness_(Love_It)=Cockiness (Love It)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_This_Kolaveri_Di=Why This Kolaveri Di
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_in_Moscow=Roman in Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Se_Eu_Te_Pego=Ai se eu te pego!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tattoo_(Siouxsie_and_the_Banshees_song)=Tattoo (Siouxsie and the Banshees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awaiting_on_You_All=Awaiting On You All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stupid_Hoe=Stupid Hoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Ki_Jawani=Sheila Ki Jawani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikni_Chameli=Chikni Chameli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthday_Cake_(song)=Birthday Cake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munni_Badnaam_Hui=Munni Badnaam Hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanfare_for_the_Common_Man_(Emerson,_Lake_&_Palmer_song)=Fanfare for the Common Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Down=Let It Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_of_Dying_(song)=Art of Dying (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dig_Love=I Dig Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hear_Me_Lord=Hear Me Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Girl_(George_Harrison_song)=Beautiful Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Blues=Hong Kong Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Still_Love_You=I'll Still Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Holiday_(song)=Roman Holiday (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hate_Myself_and_Want_to_Die=I Hate Myself and I Want to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Push_That_Knot_Away=Push That Knot Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Reloaded_(song)=Roman Reloaded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teacher_I_Need_You=Teacher I Need You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Sad=So Sad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyaar_ki_Pungi=Pyaar Ki Pungi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstar_(Madonna_song)=Superstar (Madonna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moments_(One_Direction_song)=Moments (One Direction)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_(Kesha_song)=Dinosaur (Kesha)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_in_Your_Arms=Die in Your Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody_Knows_Me=Nobody Knows Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonely_Woman_(composition)=Lonely Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Lemonade=Baby Lemonade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ball_and_Biscuit=Ball and Biscuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_to_the_Races_(song)=Off to the Races
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamaica_Say_You_Will_(song)=Jamaica Say You Will (Jackson Browne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helplessly_Hoping=Helplessly Hoping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanging_On=Hanging On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_So_Cool=It's So Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Push_and_Shove_(song)=Push and Shove (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Scruffs_(song)=Apple Scruffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama,_You_Been_on_My_Mind=Mama, You Been on My Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_of_Me_(Christina_Aguilera_song)=Army of Me (Christina Aguilera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_(Disney_song)=Belle (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Musical_Box_(Genesis_song)=The Musical Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_There_Be_Love_(Christina_Aguilera_song)=Let There Be Love (Christina Aguilera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Rush_(AKB48_song)=Sugar Rush (AKB48)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Air_(song)=Bel Air (Lana Del Rey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Too_Well=All Too Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonshine_(Bruno_Mars_song)=Moonshine (Bruno Mars)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Put_Your_Hand_Inside_the_Puppet_Head=Put Your Hand Inside the Puppet Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Can_I_See_You_Again%3F=When Can I See You Again?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_Hope_and_Dreams=Land of Hope and Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Pulcino_Pio=Il pulcino Pio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.A.A.D_City=M.A.A.D City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Time_Is_in_the_Air_Again=Christmas Time Is in the Air Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Fates=The Three Fates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Simple_Motion=A Simple Motion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_&_Monsters_(song)=Gods and Monsters (Lana Del Rey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Home_(Mariah_Carey_song)=Almost Home (Mariah Carey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poppa_Piccolino=Vola colomba/Papaveri e papere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_General_Kim_Il-sung=Inno del generale Kim Il-sung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_cant_dels_ocells=El cant dels ocells (brano musicale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartland_(U2_song)=Heartland (U2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putain_de_camion_(song)=Putain de camion (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creepshow_(song)=Creepshow (singolo Kerli)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Close_My_Eyes=I Close My Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tre_pepparkaksgubbar=Tre pepparkaksgubbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart's_All_Gone=Heart's All Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Just_Wasn't_Made_for_These_Times=I Just Wasn't Made for These Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon_no_Uta=Doraemon no uta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_La_La_(Snoop_Lion_song)=La La La (Snoop Lion)
