http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beverly_Hillbillies=The Beverly Hillbillies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackadder=Blackadder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagpuss=Le magiche storie di Gatto Teodoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheers=Cin cin (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronation_Street=Coronation Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Who=Doctor Who
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Not_Adjust_Your_Set=Do Not Adjust Your Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Song_Contest=Eurovision Song Contest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EastEnders=EastEnders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Ted=Father Ted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends=Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fawlty_Towers=Fawlty Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frasier=Frasier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Improvement_(TV_series)=Quell'uragano di papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married..._with_Children=Sposati... con figli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Headroom_(TV_series)=Max Headroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mickey_Mouse_Club=Il club di Topolino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Science_Theater_3000=Mystery Science Theater 3000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Press_Gang=Press Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dwarf=Red Dwarf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ren_&_Stimpy_Show=The Ren & Stimpy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Deep_Space_Nine=Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Enterprise=Star Trek: Enterprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_The_Original_Series=Star Trek (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_The_Next_Generation=Star Trek: The Next Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_The_Animated_Series=Star Trek (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Voyager=Star Trek: Voyager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Park=South Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seinfeld=Seinfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simpsons=I Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_A-Team=A-Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X-Files=X-Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Peaks=I segreti di Twin Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_U.N.C.L.E.=Organizzazione U.N.C.L.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Six_Million_Dollar_Man=L'uomo da sei milioni di dollari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teletubbies=Teletubbies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner=Il prigioniero (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_and_Gromit=Wallace e Gromit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xena:_Warrior_Princess=Xena - Principessa guerriera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/60_Minutes=60 Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargate_SG-1=Stargate SG-1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brady_Bunch=La famiglia Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muppet_Show=Muppet Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_(TV_series)=Dreams (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dukes_of_Hazzard=Hazzard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_Rider_(1982_TV_series)=Supercar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer=Buffy l'ammazzavampiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sesame_Street=Sesamo apriti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Powerpuff_Girls=Le Superchicche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstones=Gli antenati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth:_Final_Conflict=Pianeta Terra - Cronaca di un'invasione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_Leap=In viaggio nel tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Phase_II=Star Trek: Phase II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Munsters=I mostri (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_Fabulous=Absolutely Fabulous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_West_Wing=West Wing - Tutti gli uomini del Presidente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skippy_the_Bush_Kangaroo=Skippy il canguro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oprah_Winfrey_Show=The Oprah Winfrey Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_Rock=Cop Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matlock_(TV_series)=Matlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neverwhere=Neverwhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farscape=Farscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake's_7=Blake's 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Gallery=Mistero in galleria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Days_(TV_series)=Seven Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico_and_the_Man=Chico and the Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_(TV_series)=24 (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goof_Troop=Ecco Pippo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Mouse_Works=Mickey Mouse Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andromeda_(TV_series)=Andromeda (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daria=Daria (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_(TV_series)=Jeremiah (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottom_(TV_series)=Bottom (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jetsons=I pronipoti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mary_Tyler_Moore_Show=Mary Tyler Moore (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sopranos=I Soprano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_the_City=Sex and the City (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizzie_McGuire=Lizzie McGuire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_House=Gli amici di papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Pains=Genitori in blue jeans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passions=Passions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilligan's_Island=L'isola di Gilligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Waltons=Una famiglia americana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Meets_World=Crescere, che fatica!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqua_Teen_Hunger_Force=Aqua Teen Hunger Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraggle_Rock=Fraggle Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Partridge_Family=La famiglia Partridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_Minister=Yes Minister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills,_90210=Beverly Hills 90210
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saved_by_the_Bell=Bayside School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseanne=Pappa e ciccia (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkwing_Duck=Darkwing Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knightmare=Knightmare (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Heat_of_the_Night_(TV_series)=L'ispettore Tibbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_(1978_TV_series)=Dallas (serie televisiva 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter's_Laboratory=Il laboratorio di Dexter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Night_with_David_Letterman=Late Night with David Letterman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Show_with_David_Letterman=David Letterman Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tonight_Show=The Tonight Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids_Incorporated=Kids Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_(TV_series)=Arthur (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comic_Relief=Comic Relief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punky_Brewster=Punky Brewster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_(TV_series)=Taxi (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undressed=Undressed (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_and_Costello=Gianni e Pinotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oz_(TV_series)=Oz (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Andy_Griffith_Show=The Andy Griffith Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jerry_Springer_Show=The Jerry Springer Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postman_Pat=Il postino Pat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ed_Sullivan_Show=The Ed Sullivan Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Cat=Top Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonder_Years=Blue Jeans (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_(1999_TV_series)=Angel (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Larry_Sanders_Show=The Larry Sanders Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Witness=Testimoni silenziosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman=Ultra (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Lucy=Lucy ed io
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quack_Pack=Quack Pack - La banda dei paperi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newhart=Bravo Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmos:_A_Personal_Voyage=Cosmo (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hogan's_Heroes=Gli eroi di Hogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Proud_Family=La famiglia Proud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braceface=Sorriso d'argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaced=Spaced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Feud=Family Feud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_of_Night=Ai confini della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M*A*S*H_(TV_series)=M*A*S*H (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman:_The_Animated_Series=Superman (serie animata 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dick_Van_Dyke_Show=The Dick Van Dyke Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefly_(TV_series)=Firefly (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_Stevens=Even Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_in_the_Family=Arcibaldo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NYPD_Blue=NYPD - New York Police Department
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silk_Stalkings=Due poliziotti a Palm Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_League_of_Gentlemen=The League of Gentlemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Famous_Jett_Jackson=Il famoso Jett Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Toon_Adventures=I favolosi Tiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Shadows=Dark Shadows (soap opera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sliders=I viaggiatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson's_Creek=Dawson's Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fresh_Prince_of_Bel-Air=Willy, il principe di Bel-Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_and_Away=Home and Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cosby_Show=I Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_the_Lost_(1974_TV_series)=La valle dei dinosauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agatha_Christie's_Poirot=Poirot (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder,_She_Wrote=La signora in giallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Osbournes=The Osbournes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mork_&_Mindy=Mork & Mindy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Days=Happy Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melrose_Place=Melrose Place (serie televisiva 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_The_Animated_Series=Batman (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Ties=Casa Keaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Morphin_Power_Rangers=Power Rangers (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_&_Order=Law & Order - I due volti della giustizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeping_Up_Appearances=Keeping Up Appearances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bean=Mr. Bean (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Three_Sons=Io e i miei tre figli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie's_Angels=Charlie's Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Night_with_Conan_O'Brien=Late Night with Conan O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceefax=Ceefax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duckman=Duckman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ER_(TV_series)=E.R. - Medici in prima linea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laverne_&_Shirley=Laverne & Shirley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sealab_2021=Sealab 2021
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonanza=Bonanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Designing_Women=Quattro donne in carriera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pebbles_and_Bamm-Bamm_Show=I figli degli antenati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stripperella=Stripperella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bond_Jr.=James Bond Junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Holiday_Special=The Star Wars Holiday Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Kay_and_Johnny=Mary Kay and Johnny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rugrats=I Rugrats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Guy=I Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Bandstand=American Bandstand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency!=Squadra emergenza (serie televisiva 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bold_and_the_Beautiful=Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guiding_Light=Sentieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_and_the_Restless=Febbre d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_the_World_Turns=Così gira il mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Idol=American Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soap_(TV_series)=Bolle di sapone (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmerdale=Valle di luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veritas:_The_Quest=Veritas: The Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC_Nightly_News=NBC Nightly News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monday_Night_Football=Monday Night Football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Loves_Raymond=Tutti amano Raymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_&_Order:_Special_Victims_Unit=Law & Order - Unità vittime speciali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Request_Live=Total Request Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Brisco_County,_Jr.=Le avventure di Brisco County Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Fools_and_Horses=Only Fools and Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_Street_Blues=Hill Street giorno e notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixon_of_Dock_Green=Dixon of Dock Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Arnold!=Hey, Arnold!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creature_Comforts=Interviste mai viste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuckTales=DuckTales - Avventure di paperi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford_and_Son=Sanford and Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Lightyear_of_Star_Command=Buzz Lightyear da Comando Stellare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Banana_Splits=Lo Show dei Banana Splits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colbys=I Colby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JAG_(TV_series)=JAG - Avvocati in divisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Last_the_1948_Show=At Last the 1948 Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charmed=Streghe (serie televisiva 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_&_Friends=Barney (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oblongs=The Oblongs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_City_(TV_series)=Capital City (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curb_Your_Enthusiasm=Curb Your Enthusiasm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrubs_(TV_series)=Scrubs - Medici ai primi ferri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Kimmel_Live!=Jimmy Kimmel Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Hope=Chicago Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Feet_Under_(TV_series)=Six Feet Under
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_700_Club=The 700 Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Men_(TV_series)=Insuperabili X-Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unsolved_Mysteries=Unsolved Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futurama=Futurama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Winnie_the_Pooh=Le nuove avventure di Winnie the Pooh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Thornberrys=La famiglia della giungla (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironside_(1967_TV_series)=Ironside (serie televisiva 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_&_Friends=Il trenino Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThunderCats_(1985_TV_series)=Thundercats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fairly_OddParents=Due fantagenitori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Night=Sports Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Exposure=Un medico tra gli orsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daily_Show=The Daily Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tru_Calling=Tru Calling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Suspect=Prime Suspect (serie televisiva 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_of_the_Pops=Top of the Pops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhoda=Rhoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_of_Sherwood=Robin Hood (serie televisiva 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Power=Rocket Power - E la sfida continua...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Living_Color=In Living Color
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Queens=The King of Queens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReBoot=ReBoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Doctors=Dottori agli antipodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wacky_Races=Wacky Races (disambigua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALF_(TV_series)=ALF (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock_Presents=Alfred Hitchcock presenta (serie televisiva 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSI:_Crime_Scene_Investigation=CSI - Scena del crimine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man_(1994_TV_series)=Spider-Man - L'Uomo Ragno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Ed=Mister Ed, il mulo parlante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Smart=Get Smart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3rd_Rock_from_the_Sun=Una famiglia del terzo tipo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spin_City=Spin City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honeymooners=The Honeymooners (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbo=Colombo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarecrow_and_Mrs._King=Top Secret (serie televisiva 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WKRP_in_Cincinnati=WKRP in Cincinnati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Vice=Miami Vice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suddenly_Susan=Susan (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space:_1999=Spazio 1999
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading_Rainbow=Reading Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Affair=Tre nipoti e un maggiordomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_Man=Gioco pericoloso (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivors_(1975_TV_series)=I sopravvissuti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Ringers_(comedy)=Dead Ringers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three's_Company=Tre cuori in affitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_'70s_Show=That '70s Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iznogoud=Iznogoud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Robin_Hood_(TV_series)=Robin Hood (serie televisiva 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnum,_P.I.=Magnum, P.I.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baywatch=Baywatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rockford_Files=Agenzia Rockford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joy_of_Painting=The Joy of Painting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Young_Dancers=Eurovision Young Dancers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_on_Earth_Is_Carmen_Sandiego%3F=Dov'è finita Carmen Sandiego?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_O.C.=The O.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punk'd=Punk'd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_&_Grace=Will & Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_About_the_House=Un uomo in casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_Sonic_the_Hedgehog=Sonic (prima serie animata 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaurs_(TV_series)=I dinosauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swans_Crossing=Swans Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Stupid_Dogs=2 cani stupidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alias_(TV_series)=Alias (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_Idol=Pop Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_(TV_series)=Batman (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airwolf=Airwolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_in_the_Middle=Malcolm (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nanny=La tata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed,_Edd_n_Eddy=Ed, Edd & Eddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crusade_(TV_series)=Crusade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_(1990_TV_series)=Wings (serie televisiva 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courage_the_Cowardly_Dog=Leone il cane fifone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intervision_Song_Contest=Concorso Intervision della Canzone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarissa_Explains_It_All=Clarissa (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Simple_Rules=8 semplici regole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooperman=Hooperman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovejoy=Lovejoy (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney's_Adventures_of_the_Gummi_Bears=I Gummi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Vegas_(TV_series)=Las Vegas (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_and_a_Half_Men=Due uomini e mezzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_It_to_Beaver=Il carissimo Billy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Men:_Evolution=X-Men: Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7th_Heaven_(TV_series)=Settimo cielo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Idol=Canadian Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapphire_&_Steel=Zaffiro e Acciaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Later..._with_Jools_Holland=Later... with Jools Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Duckula=Conte Dacula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_of_Arcadia=Joan of Arcadia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underdog_(TV_series)=Ughetto - Cane perfetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Grown_Up!=I Rugrats da grandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_Jordan=Crossing Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TaleSpin=TaleSpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Tunnel=Kronos - Sfida al passato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyagers!=Voyagers! - Viaggiatori del tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shield=The Shield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocko's_Modern_Life=La vita moderna di Rocko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nip/Tuck=Nip/Tuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Streets_of_San_Francisco=Le strade di San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Matters=Otto sotto un tetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Spies!=Totally Spies! - Che magnifiche spie!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_as_a_Teenage_Robot=My Life as a Teenage Robot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Life_to_Live=Una vita da vivere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaahh!!!_Real_Monsters=Aaahh!!! Real Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angry_Beavers=Catastrofici castori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_SmackDown=WWE SmackDown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Bugito=Santo Bugito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timon_&_Pumbaa_(TV_series)=Timon e Pumbaa (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Chan_Adventures=Le avventure di Jackie Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_Files_of_Shelby_Woo=Shelby Woo, indagini al computer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Chan_and_the_Chan_Clan=Il clan di Charlie Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maude_(TV_series)=Maude (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Persuaders!=Attenti a quei due (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Protectors=Gli invincibili (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_&_Ruby=Max e Ruby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_the_Builder=Bob aggiustatutto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dora_the_Explorer=Dora l'esploratrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Afraid_of_the_Dark%3F=Hai paura del buio?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookside=Brookside (soap opera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Facts_of_Life_(TV_series)=L'albero delle mele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_anthology_television_series=Disneyland (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benson_(TV_series)=Benson (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagwa,_the_Chinese_Siamese_Cat=Sagwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Garry_Shandling's_Show=It's Garry Shandling's Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Untouchables_(1959_TV_series)=Gli intoccabili (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_Wars_(TV_series)=Robot Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brimstone_and_Treacle=Le due facce del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgemont_(TV_series)=Edgemont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Wild_West=Selvaggio west (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_the_Boss%3F=Casalingo Superpiù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gargoyles_(TV_series)=Gargoyles - Il risveglio degli eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_(TV_series)=Ed (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halifax_f.p.=Halifax (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilmore_Girls=Una mamma per amica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maverick_(TV_series)=Maverick (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QI=Quite Interesting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Adventures_of_Jules_Verne=The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Times=Good Times (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetten,_dass..%3F=Wetten, dass..?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Back,_Kotter=I ragazzi del sabato sera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_the_Gold_Monkey=I predatori dell'idolo d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amanda_Show=Amanda Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker,_Texas_Ranger=Walker Texas Ranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Men:_Pryde_of_the_X-Men=L'audacia degli X-Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weekenders=Finalmente weekend!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider=Kamen Rider (serie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bewitched=Vita da strega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Static_Shock=Static Shock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Robin_Hood=Rocket Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Beast_(1987_TV_series)=La bella e la bestia (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Planet=The Blue Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Birds=La vita degli uccelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trials_of_Life=Le sfide della vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homicide:_Life_on_the_Street=Homicide (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alias_Smith_and_Jones=Due onesti fuorilegge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_League_(TV_series)=Justice League (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Mermaid_(TV_series)=La sirenetta - Le nuove avventure marine di Ariel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eerie,_Indiana=Gli acchiappamostri (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simple_Life=The Simple Life (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Family=My Family (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_&_Faith=Hope & Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_TV=MADtv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dream_of_Jeannie=Strega per amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freakazoid!=Freakazoid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaQuest_DSV=SeaQuest - Odissea negli abissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Birdman,_Attorney_at_Law=Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brak_Show=The Brak Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargate_Infinity=Stargate Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargate_Atlantis=Stargate Atlantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monk_(TV_series)=Detective Monk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Wonderland=Alla corte di Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_the_Beach=Son of the Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tomorrow_People=The Tomorrow People (serie televisiva 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Boat=Love Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardon_the_Interruption=Pardon the Interruption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_90=Joe 90
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_America=Good Morning America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Santa_Claus_Parade=Toronto Santa Claus Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_On_(TV_series)=Dream On (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reno_911!=Reno 911!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweeney=L'ispettore Regan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_(TV_series)=Franklin (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_2.0=Jake 2.0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_of_Five=Cinque in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Morphin_Alien_Rangers=Mighty Morphin Alien Rangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Zeo=Power Rangers Zeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Movies_(TV_series)=Home Movies (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Adder=The Black Adder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackadder_II=Blackadder II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Raw=WWE Raw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Like_Me=Dead Like Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gunn=Peter Gunn (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_La_Bam=Viva La Bam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildboyz=Wildboyz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_Happened_to..._Robot_Jones%3F=Whatever Happened to... Robot Jones?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quincy,_M.E.=Quincy (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Name_That_Tune=Name That Tune - Indovina la canzone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicity_(TV_series)=Felicity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grounded_for_Life=I Finnerty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carol_Burnett_Show=The Carol Burnett Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pingu=Pingu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_King_Live=Larry King Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Ninja_Storm=Power Rangers Ninja Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zeta_Project=The Zeta Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancelot_Link,_Secret_Chimp=Lancillotto 008
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Doe_(TV_series)=John Doe (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samurai_Jack=Samurai Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy_Island=Fantasilandia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masada_(miniseries)=Masada (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Archies=Zero in condotta (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie's_Weird_Mysteries=Gli strani misteri di Archie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alienators:_Evolution_Continues=Evolution (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Avonlea=La strada per Avonlea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyberchase=Cyberchase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starsky_&_Hutch=Starsky & Hutch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Turbo=Power Rangers Turbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Friends_in_the_North=Our Friends in the North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shnookums_and_Meat_Funny_Cartoon_Show=Annibale e Cannibale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newlyweds:_Nick_and_Jessica=Newlyweds: Nick and Jessica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Public=Boston Public
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Judy=Judge Judy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_About_You=Innamorati pazzi (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idols_South_Africa=Idols South Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shortland_Street=Shortland Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sykes=Sykes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFO_(TV_series)=UFO (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSI:_Miami=CSI: Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_for_Laughs:_Gags=Just for Laughs Gags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jeffersons=I Jefferson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21_Jump_Street=I quattro della scuola di polizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Saints_(TV_series)=All Saints (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Spy_(1965_TV_series)=Le spie (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Britain=Little Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi's_Castle=Takeshi's Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Edition=Ultime dal cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_with_Andy%3F=Andy il re degli scherzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_(Canadian_TV_series)=Missing (serie televisiva 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_in_Space=Power Rangers in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Dino_Thunder=Power Rangers Dino Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Lost_Galaxy=Power Rangers Lost Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Planet_and_the_Planeteers=Capitan Planet e i Planeteers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy_Brown=Murphy Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_My_Line%3F=What's My Line?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_So_Raven=Raven (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharma_&_Greg=Dharma & Greg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderfalls=Wonderfalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Lightspeed_Rescue=Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She-Ra:_Princess_of_Power=She-Ra, la principessa del potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snorks=Gli Snorky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touched_by_an_Angel=Il tocco di un angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning,_Miami=Good Morning, Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Practice=The Practice - Professione avvocati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_House_on_the_Prairie_(TV_series)=La casa nella prateria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Animals_of_Farthing_Wood_(TV_series)=Le avventure del bosco piccolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainiac:_Science_Abuse=Brainiac: Science Abuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Wild_Force=Power Rangers Wild Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Time_Force=Power Rangers Time Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_It_Straight=L'uomo per me (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosby=Cosby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Elsewhere=A cuore aperto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everwood=Everwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F_Troop=I forti di Forte Coraggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Danny_Thomas_Show=Make Room for Daddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_Lucy=Here's Lucy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lucy_Show=Lucy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_Miller=Barney Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Favorite_Martian=Il mio amico marziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spenser:_For_Hire=Spenser (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_&_Clark:_The_New_Adventures_of_Superman=Lois & Clark - Le nuove avventure di Superman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Degrassi_Junior_High=Degrassi Junior High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/227_(TV_series)=227 (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_Steady_Cook=Ready Steady Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Books=Black Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSI:_NY=CSI: NY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mod_Squad=Mod Squad, i ragazzi di Greer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_American_Hero=Ralph supermaxieroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_Us=The Secret Life of Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pretender_(TV_series)=Jarod il camaleonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Law=L.A. Law - Avvocati a Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hustle_(TV_series)=Hustle - I signori della truffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/77_Sunset_Strip=Indirizzo permanente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People's_Choice_Awards=E! People's Choice Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beetlejuice_(TV_series)=In che mondo stai Beetlejuice?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam-12=Adam-12 (serie televisiva 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_Superman_(TV_series)=Adventures of Superman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Herbert's_Dune=Dune - Il destino dell'universo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Search=Star Search
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolchak:_The_Night_Stalker=Kolchak: The Night Stalker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Ghost_Coast_to_Coast=Space Ghost Coast to Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Oakley_(TV_series)=Annie Oakley (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_Circle_Theatre=Armstrong Circle Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._J._and_the_Bear=Truck Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Phantom=Danny Phantom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon_(TV_series)=Cannon (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Casey=Ben Casey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Acres=La fattoria dei giorni felici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caillou=Caillou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Belvedere=Mr. Belvedere (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_'Arf=Una modella per l'onorevole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Tales=Draghi e draghetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_&_Teller:_Bullshit!=Bullshit!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_and_Mildred=George e Mildred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Over_(TV_series)=Game Over (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WCW_Monday_Nitro=WCW Monday Nitro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beast_Wars:_Transformers=Biocombat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Terrific=Tom Terrific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_&_Order:_Criminal_Intent=Law & Order: Criminal Intent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_&_Order:_Trial_by_Jury=Law & Order - Il verdetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Different_World=Tutti al college
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchild_(TV_series)=Manchild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nighty_Night=Nighty Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Crypt_(TV_series)=I racconti della cripta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_2525=Cleopatra 2525
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_Myth=Il potere del mito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Blue_Line_(TV_series)=Sbirri da sballo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbinder_(TV_series)=Spellbinder (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Degrassi:_The_Next_Generation=Degrassi: The Next Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Select=MTV Select
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Train=Soul Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sister_Sam=Mia sorella Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Charles=Port Charles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanie_Loves_Chachi=Jenny e Chachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Dreams=California Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama's_Family=La mamma è sempre la mamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VR_Troopers=VR Troopers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeons_&_Dragons_(TV_series)=Dungeons & Dragons (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rituals_(TV_series)=Rituals (soap opera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Next_Top_Model=America's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Others_(TV_series)=The Others (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Skies=Dark Skies - Oscure presenze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jem_(TV_series)=Jem (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blossom_(TV_series)=Blossom - Le avventure di una teenager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man_(1967_TV_series)=L'Uomo Ragno (serie animata 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Luck!!=Good Luck!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MythBusters=MythBusters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLeod's_Daughters=Le sorelle McLeod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_(TV_series)=Joey (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Case=Cold Case - Delitti irrisolti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_of_the_Pride=Father of the Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MXC=MXC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Crest=Falcon Crest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fastlane_(TV_series)=Fastlane (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_(1976_TV_series)=In casa Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_World_(TV_series)=Destini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Hospital=Kingdom Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bernie_Mac_Show=The Bernie Mac Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_a_Trace=Senza traccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_by_Step_(TV_series)=Una bionda per papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Shoot_Me!=Just Shoot Me!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cagney_&_Lacey=New York New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evening_Shade=Evening Shade (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Wife_and_Kids=Tutto in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parkers=Strepitose Parkers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Anaconda=Angela Anaconda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintuplets=Give Me Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judging_Amy=Giudice Amy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moesha=Moesha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Guy=Un genio in famiglia (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_So-Called_Life=My So-Called Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadget_Boy_&_Heather=È piccolo, è bionico, è sempre Gadget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Valley=La grande vallata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bionic_Woman=La donna bionica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Legal=Boston Legal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branded_(TV_series)=Branded (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourbon_Street_Beat=Bourbon Street Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picket_Fences=La famiglia Brock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Diamond,_Private_Detective=Richard Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_and_Hopkirk_(Deceased)=Il mio amico fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Squad!=Quelli della pallottola spuntata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codename:_Kids_Next_Door=Nome in codice: Kommando Nuovi Diavoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manimal=Manimal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_of_a_Feather=Birds of a Feather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wing_Commander_Academy=Wing Commander Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes,_Dear=Prima o poi divorzio!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenan_&_Kel=Kenan & Kel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doogie_Howser,_M.D.=Doogie Howser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empty_Nest=Il cane di papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automan=Automan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Single=Living Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beachcombers=L'allegra banda di Nick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_District=The District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Beach=China Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid_Television=Liquid Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becker_(TV_series)=Becker (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hughleys=Casa Hughley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_Boomer=Boomer cane intelligente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raccoons=I mille colori dell'allegria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_My_Bush!=That's My Bush!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_&_Josh=Drake & Josh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_for_Tomorrow=Aspettando il domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defenders_(1961_TV_series)=La parola alla difesa (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapper_John,_M.D.=Trapper John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Hospital=General Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Lewis_Can't_Lose=Parker Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Ghostbusters=The Real Ghostbusters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Electric_Theater=General Electric Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynasty:_The_Reunion=Dynasty: ultimo atto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._J._Hooker=T.J. Hooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Heat=WWE Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Velocity=WWE Velocity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_(TV_series)=Millennium (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_a_Break!=La piccola grande Nell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Wonder_(TV_series)=Super Vicki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Bravo=Johnny Bravo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Luck=Maledetta fortuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guardian_(TV_series)=The Guardian (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peyton_Place_(TV_series)=Peyton Place (soap opera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_in_the_22nd_Century=Sherlock Holmes - Indagini dal futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kojak=Kojak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casualty_(TV_series)=Casualty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petticoat_Junction=Petticoat Junction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Quinn,_Medicine_Woman=La signora del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangin'_with_Mr._Cooper=Mr. Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wycliffe_(TV_series)=Wycliffe (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Shore_(TV_series)=North Shore (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Onedin_Line=Capitan Onedin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dreamstone=La pietra dei sogni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadwood_(TV_series)=Deadwood (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Live=Saturday Night Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Courtship_of_Eddie's_Father=Una moglie per papà (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_222=Room 222
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_4400=4400
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promised_Land_(TV_series)=Terra promessa (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_the_Barbarian=Dave il Barbaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duet_(TV_series)=Duetto (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_for_Andromeda=A for Andromeda (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lawrence_Welk_Show=The Lawrence Welk Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Ozzie_and_Harriet=The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Donna_Reed_Show=The Donna Reed Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virginian_(TV_series)=Il virginiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannix=Mannix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cramp_Twins=I gemelli Cramp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teamo_Supremo=Teamo Supremo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Squad=La squadra del tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Bunker's_Place=Archie Bunker's Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Match=Miss Match
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Two_Dads=I miei due papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield_and_Friends=Garfield e i suoi amici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Hunt=Avventure in fondo al mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Court=Giudice di notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jimmy_Stewart_Show=Jimmy Stewart Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Welby,_M.D.=Marcus Welby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popstars=Popstars (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Girl=Quella strana ragazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmo's_World=Il mondo di Elmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baldy_Man=The Baldy Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Dolls=Il profumo del successo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Lyoko=Code Lyoko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheaters=Cheaters - Tradimenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_S.P.D.=Power Rangers S.P.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Spoons=Il mio amico Ricky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budgie_(TV_series)=Budgie (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upstairs,_Downstairs_(1971_TV_series)=Su e giù per le scale (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepper_Ann=Pepper Ann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Titans_(TV_series)=Teen Titans (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hilarious_House_of_Frightenstein=The Hilarious House of Frightenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z-Cars=Z Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Guys_and_a_Girl=Due ragazzi e una ragazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_N:_The_Game_Master=Un videogioco per Kevin - Captain N
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_in_the_City=Caroline in the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SWAT_Kats:_The_Radical_Squadron=Swat Kats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quatermass_II=Quatermass II (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megas_XLR=Megas XLR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sledge_Hammer!=Troppo forte! (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Kensington=King of Kensington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_the_13th:_The_Series=Venerdì 13 (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Tree_Friends=Happy Tree Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Heelers=Blue Heelers - Poliziotti con il cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_5=Odyssey 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roswell_(TV_series)=Roswell (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ashlee_Simpson_Show=The Ashlee Simpson Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_2_(TV_series)=Progetto Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jack_Benny_Program=The Jack Benny Program
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nash_Bridges=Nash Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Housewives=Desperate Housewives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Zone_(TV_series)=The Dead Zone (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bounty_Hamster=Il criceto spaziale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_gars,_une_fille=Un gars, une fille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Zelda_(TV_series)=Un regno incantato per Zelda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ropers=I Roper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three's_a_Crowd=Tre per tre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Vinci's_Inquest=Da Vinci's Inquest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Lightning=Ace Lightning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alvin_Show=Alvin Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Clone=O clone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathy_Come_Home=Cathy Come Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Ali_G_Show=Da Ali G Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Dad!=American Dad!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Kommissar_(TV_series)=Der Kommissar (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozzy_&_Drix=Ozzy & Drix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wishbone_(TV_series)=Wishbone, il cane dei sogni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foofur=Foofur superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tracey_Ullman_Show=The Tracey Ullman Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Beene=Oliver Beene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Watch=Squadra emergenza (serie televisiva 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Looney_Tunes=Baby Looney Tunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_&_Bobby=Jack & Bobby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misfits_of_Science=Misfits (serie televisiva 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Match_of_the_Day=Match of the Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Venture_Bros.=The Venture Bros.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_at_15=James (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fillmore!=Fillmore!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foster's_Home_for_Imaginary_Friends=Gli amici immaginari di casa Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Profiler_(TV_series)=Profiler - Intuizioni mortali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AfterMASH=AfterMASH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_and_the_Colonel=Calvin e il colonnello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Commish=Il commissario Scali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Chopper=American Chopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiral_Zone=Capitan Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellery_Queen_(TV_series)=Ellery Queen (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freaks_and_Geeks=Freaks and Geeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superhuman_Samurai_Syber-Squad=Superhuman Samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supertrain=Supertrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taz-Mania=Tazmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McHale's_Navy=Un equipaggio tutto matto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_F.B.I._(TV_series)=F.B.I. (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Clean_Is_Your_House%3F=Case da incubo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandy_&_Mr._Whiskers=Brandy & Mr. Whiskers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Goes_On_(TV_series)=Una famiglia come le altre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_League_Unlimited=Justice League Unlimited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisionera=Prisionera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo!=Romeo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin's_Nest=Il nido di Robin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_Droids=Droids Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Archie_Show=Archie e Sabrina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josie_and_the_Pussycats_(TV_series)=Josie e le Pussycats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KaBlam!=KaBlam!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaker_High=Breaker High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Mystery=Martin Mystère (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Tree_Hill_(TV_series)=One Tree Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inspector_Lynley_Mysteries=The Inspector Lynley Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listen_Up!_(TV_series)=Listen Up! (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_Clone_Wars_(2003_TV_series)=Star Wars: Clone Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_Betty=Atomic Betty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dean_Martin_Show=The Dean Martin Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Investigation=Medical Investigation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Night_with_Jonathan_Ross=Friday Night with Jonathan Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100%25_(game_show)=100% (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_Gimme_Gimme_(TV_series)=Gimme, Gimme, Gimme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_American_Style=Love, American Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Dreams=American Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_(TV_series)=Phyllis (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Grant_(TV_series)=Lou Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Mars=Veronica Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_World_of_Alex_Mack=Il mondo segreto di Alex Mack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_of_the_Class=Segni particolari: genio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_J._Kwak=Niente paura, c'è Alfred!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_and_Friends=Sam and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Mother_the_Car=Mamma a quattro ruote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threat_Matrix=Codice Matrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Skelton_Show=The Red Skelton Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Cartoon!=What a Cartoon!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballykissangel=Ballykissangel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recess_(TV_series)=Ricreazione (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Deathmatch=Celebrity Deathmatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Trax=Time Trax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Shirley_Holmes=Le avventure di Shirley Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rosie_O'Donnell_Show=The Rosie O'Donnell Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.Y.P.D._(TV_series)=N.Y.P.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weeds_(TV_series)=Weeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boomtown_(2002_TV_series)=Boomtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Little_Time=Due gemelle e un maggiordomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagon_Train=Carovane verso il West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_chiffres_et_des_lettres=Paroliamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Living_Doll=My Living Doll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Champions=Tris d'assi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_(TV_series)=Ellen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Sharks=Street Sharks - Quattro pinne all'orizzonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Is_Enough=La famiglia Bradford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wayans_Bros.=The Wayans Bros.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ainori=Ainori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_from_Atlantis=L'uomo di Atlantide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Sonata=Gyeo-ul yeon-ga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Nerds_III:_The_Next_Generation=La rivincita dei nerds III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Nerds_IV:_Nerds_in_Love=La rivincita dei nerds IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yo_soy_Betty,_la_fea=Betty la fea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiz_Kids_(TV_series)=I ragazzi del computer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wire=The Wire (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drawn_Together=Drawn Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Hercules=Young Hercules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollyoaks=Hollyoaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Wing=Green Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Country_Practice=Wandin Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laguna_Beach:_The_Real_Orange_County=Laguna Beach (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosom_Buddies=Henry e Kip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gute_Zeiten,_schlechte_Zeiten=Gute Zeiten, schlechte Zeiten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Hulk_(1978_TV_series)=L'incredibile Hulk (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quick_Draw_McGraw_Show=Ernesto Sparalesto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huff_(TV_series)=Huff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Makeover:_Home_Edition=Extreme Makeover: Home Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_the_Actors_Studio=Inside the Actors Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scooby-Doo/Dynomutt_Hour=The Scooby-Doo/Dynomutt Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynomutt,_Dog_Wonder=Blue Falcon e Cane Prodigio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clubhouse_(TV_series)=Clubhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi_Hi_Puffy_AmiYumi=Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dudesons=The Dudesons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Afterburn=WWE Afterburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Bottom_Line=WWE Bottom Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M_Squad=Il tenente Ballinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hex_(TV_series)=Hex (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peep_and_the_Big_Wide_World=Peep and the Big Wide World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winx_Club=Winx Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clue_Club=La gang dei segugi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Pints_of_Lager_and_a_Packet_of_Crisps=Birra e patatine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangkok_Hilton=Bangkok Hilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rookies=A tutte le auto della polizia (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bob_Cummings_Show=The Bob Cummings Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twisted_Tales_of_Felix_the_Cat=Felix (serie animata 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_Sidney=Con affetto, tuo Sidney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_Reaction_(game_show)=Reazione a catena - L'intesa vincente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howards'_Way=Howards' Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal_or_No_Deal=Deal or No Deal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charlie_Brown_and_Snoopy_Show=Charlie Brown e Snoopy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Lake=Wolf Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_with_Cavemen=Gli uomini della preistoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_King_(TV_series)=Jason King (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baywatch_Nights=Baywatch Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_with_Dinosaurs=Nel mondo dei dinosauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SilverHawks=SilverHawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallmark_Hall_of_Fame=Hallmark Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Come_the_Brides=Arrivano le spose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren_&_Stimpy_%22Adult_Party_Cartoon%22=Ren and Stimpy Adult Party Cartoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Palace=Cuori al Golden Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oobi_(TV_series)=Oobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poltergeist:_The_Legacy=Poltergeist (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Phooey=La furia di Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfabulous=Unfabulous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_of_Prey_(TV_series)=Birds of Prey (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Degrassi_High=Degrassi High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy's_Nightmares=Freddy's Nightmares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_Martin=Doc Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_from_U.N.C.L.E.=Agenzia U.N.C.L.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_(talk_show)=Conan (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Days_at_Blake_Holsey_High=Black Hole High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Deeds_for_Eddie_McDowd=Eddie, il cane parlante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned's_Declassified_School_Survival_Guide=Ned - Scuola di sopravvivenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Private_World=Our Private World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_2040=Phantom 2040
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flo=Flo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LazyTown=Lazy Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oggy_and_the_Cockroaches=Maledetti scarafaggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Shadoks=Le avventure degli Shadok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_Grunt=The Brothers Grunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_(TV_series)=Dr. House - Medical Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_Guy=Professione pericolo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Saint=Il ritorno di Simon Templar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dick_Cavett_Show=Dick Cavett Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Busters=The Ghost Busters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Goes_to_the_Mayor=Tom Goes to the Mayor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_Slippers=Yurigudu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_as_We_Know_It_(TV_series)=Life as We Know It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Americans_(TV_series)=Young Americans (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Dodgeball=Extreme Dodgeball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_George_Burns_and_Gracie_Allen_Show=The George Burns and Gracie Allen Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Beach_(1993_TV_series)=Miami Beach (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Cubs=Cuccioli della giungla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_Savages=Selvaggi (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Less_than_Perfect=Perfetti... ma non troppo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Panther_and_Sons=I figli della Pantera Rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Daughter_(1999_film)=Rapimento alla Casa Bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_Raiders=Room Raiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Out_Space_Nuts=Far Out Space Nuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numbers_(TV_series)=Numb3rs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolie_Polie_Olie=Rolie Polie Olie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_and_Katnip=Herman & Katnip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_Pegs=Zero in condotta (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Hartman,_Mary_Hartman=Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_of_Fortune,_Inc.=Gli specialisti (serie televisiva 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_Eurovision_Song_Contest=Junior Eurovision Song Contest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medium_(TV_series)=Medium (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Professionals_(TV_series)=I Professionals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twilight_Zone_(1985_TV_series)=Ai confini della realtà (serie televisiva 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_One_(TV_series)=Murder One (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_Huddles%3F=I selvaggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strong_Medicine=Squadra Med - Il coraggio delle donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potatoes_and_Dragons=Che drago di un drago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taggart=Taggart (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_in_Charge=Baby Sitter (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wally_Gator=Wally Gator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokey_Wolf=Ugo Lupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E/R=P/S - Pronto soccorso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Check_It_Out!_(Canadian_TV_series)=Il supermercato più pazzo del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playhouse_90=Playhouse 90
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bad_Beetleborgs=Beetleborgs - Quando si scatena il vento dell'avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twilight_Zone_(1959_TV_series)=Ai confini della realtà (serie televisiva 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Woman_(TV_series)=Wonder Woman (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Ian=Being Ian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webster_(TV_series)=Webster (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magilla_Gorilla_Show=Magilla Gorilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unhappily_Ever_After=E vissero infelici per sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normal,_Ohio=Normal, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_and_the_Ferocious_Beast=Maggie e l'incredibile Birba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutant_X_(TV_series)=Mutant X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa_Beaver's_Storytime=Papà castoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_(TV_series)=Il Santo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sullivans=I Sullivans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Pleasant_(TV_series)=Point Pleasant (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smack_the_Pony=Smack the Pony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Leonardo_and_His_Short_Subjects=Le avventure di re Leonardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_&_Allie=Kate e Allie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Balthazar=Il professor Baltazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Dad=Agli ordini papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ellen_DeGeneres_Show=The Ellen DeGeneres Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica's_Closet=L'atelier di Veronica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Future_(TV_series)=Ritorno al futuro (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Herbert's_Children_of_Dune=I figli di Dune (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fievel's_American_Tails=Le avventure di Fievel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holby_City=Holby City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman's_Head=Ma che ti passa per la testa?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reba_(TV_series)=Reba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Makeover=Extreme Makeover - Belli per sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Mutant_Ninja_Turtles_(1987_TV_series)=Tartarughe Ninja alla riscossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Mutant_Ninja_Turtles_(2003_TV_series)=Tartarughe Ninja (serie animata 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabretooth_(film)=Wild - Agguato sulle montagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Squad=Cold Squad - Squadra casi archiviati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_I_Like_About_You_(TV_series)=Le cose che amo di te
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah's_Arc_(TV_series)=Noah's Arc (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Pet_Monster=Un mostro tutto da ridere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Strangers_(TV_series)=Balki e Larry - Due perfetti americani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defenders_of_the_Earth=I difensori della Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoey_101=Zoey 101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doris_Day_Show=Doris Day Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.N.G.=E.N.G. - Presa diretta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martial_Law_(TV_series)=Più forte ragazzi (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dempsey_and_Makepeace=Dempsey & Makepeace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meteor_Garden_II=Liu xing hua yuan II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dastardly_and_Muttley_in_Their_Flying_Machines=Dastardly e Muttley e le macchine volanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WCW_Thunder=WCW Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muppets_at_Walt_Disney_World=The Muppets at Walt Disney World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climax!=Climax!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fries_with_That%3F=Patatine fritte (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loonatics_Unleashed=Loonatics Unleashed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_Chicken=Robot Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playmakers=Playmakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Patty_Duke_Show=The Patty Duke Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerland_(TV_series)=Summerland (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Girl=Ocean Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Edition=Inside Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Secret_Identity=Il mio amico Ultraman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Center_(TV_series)=Medical Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dae_Jang_Geum=Dae Jang-geum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammer_House_of_Horror=Racconti del brivido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Swiss_Family_Robinson=Le avventure della famiglia Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_These_Walls_Could_Talk_2=Women (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazel_(TV_series)=Hazel (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amen_(TV_series)=Amen (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Tintin_(TV_series)=Le avventure di Tintin (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_&_Mike=Mike and Mike in the Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booker_(TV_series)=Booker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Katz,_Professional_Therapist=Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Air_(TV_series)=Un catastrofico successo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Thomas:_F.B.Eye=Agente speciale Sue Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yo!_MTV_Raps=Yo! MTV Raps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angry_Kid=Angry Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheep_in_the_Big_City=Ovino va in città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Runway=Project Runway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trap_Door=The Trap Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Simian_&_the_Space_Monkeys=Una giungla di stelle per capitan Simian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wait_Till_Your_Father_Gets_Home=Aspettando il ritorno di papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avatar:_The_Last_Airbender=Avatar - La leggenda di Aang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Face-Off=Animal Face-Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_West_C.O.W.-Boys_of_Moo_Mesa=I Cowbuoi dell'Altopiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Pwnage=Pure Pwnage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoestring_(TV_series)=Eddie Shoestring, detective privato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_with_Beasts=I predatori della preistoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Caller=Voci nella notte (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Comfy_Couch=The Big Comfy Couch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X_Factor_(Australian_TV_series)=The X Factor (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipper_(1964_TV_series)=Flipper (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey's_Anatomy=Grey's Anatomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina:_The_Animated_Series=Sabrina, the Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina's_Secret_Life=Sabrina: La mia vita segreta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_(1998_TV_series)=Hercules (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Dalmatians:_The_Series=La carica dei 101 - La serie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Justice_(TV_series)=Blind Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suite_Life_of_Zack_&_Cody=Zack e Cody al Grand Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History's_Mysteries=I misteri della storia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teacher's_Pet_(TV_series)=Teacher's Pet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartakus_and_the_Sun_Beneath_the_Sea=I mondi sommersi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pup_Named_Scooby-Doo=Il cucciolo Scooby-Doo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_and_Again=L'incredibile Michael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comeback_(TV_series)=The Comeback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Dragon:_Jake_Long=American Dragon: Jake Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter=The Ultimate Fighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Showzen=Wonder Showzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidd_Video=Kidd Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butt-Ugly_Martians=Mostruosi marziani - Butt-Ugly Martians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Models_Inc.=Models, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bill_Cosby_Show=The Bill Cosby Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jeff_Corwin_Experience=Le avventure di Jeff Corwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Problem_Child_3:_Junior_in_Love=Piccola peste s'innamora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_in_Paradise=Thunder in Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Spider-Man_(TV_series)=The Amazing Spider-Man (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Wolf_on_Campus=Un lupo mannaro americano a scuola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_the_Ten_of_Us=Dieci sono pochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Shrinks=George Shrinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugs_(TV_series)=Bugs - Le spie senza volto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Lassie=Lassie (serie televisiva 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaiian_Eye=Hawaiian Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Black_RX=Kamen Rider Black RX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat!=Combat!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lassie_(1954_TV_series)=Lassie (serie televisiva 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jeff_Foxworthy_Show=The Jeff Foxworthy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_&_Simon=Simon & Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_the_Bounty_Hunter=Dog the Bounty Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_piovra=La piovra (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buzz_on_Maggie=Maggie (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diagnosis:_Murder=Un detective in corsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Engineering=Megacostruzioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Card_(TV_series)=Una nuova vita per Zoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Recall_2070=Total Recall 2070
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krypto_the_Superdog=Krypto the Superdog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacked=Una pupa in libreria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Mouse:_The_New_Adventures=Mighty Mouse: The New Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Weird=So Weird - Storie incredibili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Route_66_(TV_series)=Route 66 (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smothers_Brothers_Show=The Smothers Brothers Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Blue_(1996_TV_series)=Un salto nel blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colbert_Report=The Colbert Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter's_Laboratory:_Ego_Trip=Il laboratorio di Dexter - Viaggio nel futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Knights=The Big Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pie_in_the_Sky_(TV_series)=Pie in the Sky (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angie_(TV_series)=Angie (serie televisiva 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_in_Black:_The_Series=Men in Black (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harper_Valley_PTA_(TV_series)=Harper Valley P.T.A. (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Gran=Supernonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_Steady_Go!=Ready Steady Go!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BraveStarr=BraveStarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Under_Fire=Grace Under Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_of_the_Month=Play of the Month
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jetsons_Meet_the_Flintstones=I pronipoti incontrano gli antenati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_and_the_Fatman=Due come noi (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padre_Coraje=Padre Coraje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirk_(TV_series)=Kirk (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Rovers=Road Rovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britney_and_Kevin:_Chaotic=Britney and Kevin: Chaotic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man:_The_New_Animated_Series=Spider-Man: The New Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Knights=Houston Knights - Due duri da brivido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia's_Next_Top_Model=Australia's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Whisperer=Ghost Whisperer - Presenze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Kate_(TV_series)=Sister Kate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squawk_Box=Squawk Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Spies=Cambridge Spies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Mystic_Force=Power Rangers Mystic Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eek!_The_Cat=Fl-eek Stravaganza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Blue_(TV_series)=Pacific Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakers!_The_Adventures_of_Piggley_Winks=Le avventure di Piggley Winks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreakyLinks=FreakyLinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thick_of_It=The Thick of It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serious_(TV_series)=Serious (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lyon's_Den=The Lyon's Den
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._90210=Dr. 90210
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Report=Adam Strange (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_'80s_Show=That '80s Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Famous_Teddy_Z=Teddy Z
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurolaul=Eurolaul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Close_for_Comfort=Vicini troppo vicini (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Times_of_Juniper_Lee=Juniper Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Legend_of_Wyatt_Earp=Le leggendarie imprese di Wyatt Earp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Life_(2000_TV_series)=Così è la vita (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Bomber=X-Bomber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prison_Break=Prison Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Con_Carne=Hector Polpetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popetown=Popetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_of_Duty_(TV_series)=Vietnam addio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_McCool=Cool McCool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Request=Total Request
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanny_911=SOS Tata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_the_Twain=Nemici amici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Equalizer=Un giustiziere a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Catherine_Tate_Show=The Catherine Tate Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Hill=Kevin Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivorman=Il sopravvissuto (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferris_Bueller_(TV_series)=Ferris Bueller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TFI_Friday=TFI Friday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_Is_Wild=Animali del futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_of_the_Apes_(TV_series)=Il pianeta delle scimmie (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cosby_Mysteries=Cosby indaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuna_de_lobos=La tana dei lupi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popular_(TV_series)=Popular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Lazlo=Camp Lazlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catscratch=Catscratch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Pooh=Il libro di Pooh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome_(TV_series)=Roma (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follyfoot=Follyfoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Story=Australian Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_7.30_Report=The 7.30 Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_Life=Married Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Young=Professor Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Josh=Il sesso secondo Josh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_oz._Mouse=12 oz. Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Trackers=Sky Trackers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_(1982_TV_series)=Saranno famosi (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yo_Yogi!=Yo Yoghi!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_and_Bred=Born and Bred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rags_to_Riches_(TV_series)=Cinque ragazze e un miliardario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Hair_Forever=Perfect Hair Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naturally,_Sadie=Naturalmente Sadie!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softly,_Softly_(TV_series)=Doppia sentenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Dick_Van_Dyke_Show=Le pazze storie di Dick Van Dyke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Way_Round=Long Way Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Got_It_Made=Appartamento in tre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pac-Man_(TV_series)=Pac-Man (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_(TV_series)=Made (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatort=Tatort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sentinel_(TV_series)=Sentinel (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorro_(1957_TV_series)=Zorro (serie televisiva 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_the_Rat=Gary the Rat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaucers=Dinosaucers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Backyardigans=Gli zonzoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instant_Star=Instant Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlander:_The_Animated_Series=Highlander (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Kombat:_Defenders_of_the_Realm=Mortal Kombat: Defenders of the Realm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_the_Dead_(TV_series)=Waking the Dead (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yogi's_Treasure_Hunt=La caccia al tesoro di Yoghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Diva_Search=WWE Diva Search
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsay's_Kitchen_Nightmares=Cucine da incubo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Thunder=Sons of Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiquititas=Chiquititas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acapulco_H.E.A.T.=Acapulco H.E.A.T.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Max=Fantastico Max
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hogan_Knows_Best=Hogan Knows Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlander:_The_Series=Highlander (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Blue_(1979_TV_series)=Out of the Blue (serie televisiva 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queer_Eye_for_the_Straight_Girl=Queer Eye for the Straight Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/15/Love=15/Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Goose_and_Grimm_(TV_series)=Grimmy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Adventures_of_Jonny_Quest=Le avventure di Jonny Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superboy_(TV_series)=Superboy (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criminal_Minds=Criminal Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_a_Fortnight=Twice a Fortnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extras_(TV_series)=Extras (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man_(1981_TV_series)=L'Uomo Ragno (serie animata 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel's_Fire=La legge di Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snoops_(1999_TV_series)=Spie (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Hates_Chris=Tutti odiano Chris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Style=House of Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/240-Robert=240-Robert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_Q=Ultra Q
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inside_(TV_series)=The Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_with_Louie=La vita con Louie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hur_Jun_(TV_series)=Heo Jun (drama coreano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Power_and_the_Soldiers_of_the_Future=Capitan Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inhumanoids=Il ritorno dei Titani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2000_Malibu_Road=2000 Malibu Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malibu_Shores=I ragazzi di Malibu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Doctors=Dottori con le ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_a_Suitcase=Agente segreto (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_&_Half=Half & Half
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widget_(TV_series)=Widget: un alieno per amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Piglet_Files=The Piglet Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Alien=Alieni pazzeschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Tricks=New Tricks - Nuove tracce per vecchie volpi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night's_Main_Event=Saturday Night's Main Event
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criss_Angel_Mindfreak=Criss Angel Mindfreak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Department_S_(TV_series)=Dipartimento S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tyra_Banks_Show=The Tyra Banks Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windfall_(TV_series)=Windfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley's_World=Il mondo di Shirley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluppy_Dogs=I Fluppys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Mouse_Clubhouse=La casa di Topolino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvage_1=Pattuglia recupero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutschland_sucht_den_Superstar=Deutschland sucht den Superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Division=The Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Closer=The Closer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Robot_Monkey_Team_Hyperforce_Go!=Super Robot Monkey Team Hyperforce Go!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animorphs_(TV_series)=Animorphs (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids_Say_the_Darndest_Things=Zitti tutti! Parlano loro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Ghost_(TV_series)=Space Ghost e Dino Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butch_Cassidy_(TV_series)=Butch Cassidy (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werewolf_(TV_series)=Le notti del lupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotham_Girls=Gotham Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sinbad_Show=The Sinbad Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bob_Clampett_Show=The Bob Clampett Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impact_Wrestling=Impact Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Ace=Ultraman Ace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Tiga=Ultraman Tiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Taro=Ultraman Taro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Leo=Ultraman Leo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Game_(TV_series)=Spy Game (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey,_I_Shrunk_the_Kids:_The_TV_Show=Tesoro, mi si sono ristretti i ragazzi (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Attack=Art Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keen_Eddie=Keen Eddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baron=Il barone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zack_Files=The Zack Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commander_in_Chief_(TV_series)=Una donna alla Casa Bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Earl=My Name Is Earl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Ring=E-Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surface_(TV_series)=Surface - Mistero dagli abissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine_(1972_film)=Imagine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Hidden_Frontier=Star Trek: Hidden Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardcastle_and_McCormick=Hardcastle & McCormick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clase_406=Clase 406
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_V3=Kamen Rider V3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon's_Way=L'ispettore Gideon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omen_IV:_The_Awakening=Omen IV - Presagio infernale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crow:_Stairway_to_Heaven=Il corvo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rifleman=The Rifleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father,_Dear_Father=Caro papà (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupu=Tupu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Undercover=New York Undercover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Rose=Green Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol=TV Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Always_Sunny_in_Philadelphia=C'è sempre il sole a Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McClain's_Law=La legge di McClain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciao_Bella_(TV_series)=Ciao bella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Practice=Out of Practice - Medici senza speranza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Spies=She Spies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Things_Were_Rotten=Le rocambolesche avventure di Robin Hood contro l'odioso sceriffo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Ned=Nightmare Ned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Batman_Adventures=Batman - Cavaliere della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWF_Prime_Time_Wrestling=WWF Prime Time Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_and_His_Bucket_Full_of_Dinosaurs=Harry e i dinosauri nel magico secchiello blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Cosmos=Ultraman Cosmos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_to_Home_(2005_TV_series)=Close to Home - Giustizia ad ogni costo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babes=Babes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexx=Lexx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BB3B=BB3B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viper_(TV_series)=Viper (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_T_(TV_series)=Mister T (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clerks:_The_Animated_Series=Clerks (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mothers-in-Law=The Mothers-In-Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbershop_(TV_series)=Barbershop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Rich_(1980_TV_series)=Richie Rich (serie animata 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_the_Black_Stallion=Le avventure di Black Stallion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALF:_The_Animated_Series=ALF (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_in_Paris=Pari-ui yeon-in
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Jobs=Lavori sporchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardball_(1989_TV_series)=Hardball (serie televisiva 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlander:_The_Raven=Highlander: The Raven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daktari=Daktari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Profit_(TV_series)=Profit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peppa_Pig=Peppa Pig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_'Em_Back_Alive_(TV_series)=L'uomo di Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_Detective=Un cinese a Scotland Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratz_(TV_series)=Ratti matti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_to_Glory=Squadriglia top secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Line_of_Fire_(2003_TV_series)=Line of Fire (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woof!=Un cane di nome Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_of_Eagles=La caduta delle aquile (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colditz_(TV_series)=Colditz (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Munsters_Today=I mostri vent'anni dopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Maidens=Medusa (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outrageous_Fortune_(TV_series)=Outrageous Fortune - Crimini di famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Beach=Paradise Beach (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Teddy_Ruxpin=Le avventure di Teddy Ruxpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Parents_Are_Aliens=Papà e mamma sono alieni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenko_and_the_Guardians_of_the_Magic=Trucchi, magie e illusioni per una dolce principessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1990_(TV_series)=1990 (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank's_Place=Frank's Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.A.T.S._Eyes=Gli occhi dei gatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo_and_Scrappy-Doo_(1979_TV_series)=Scooby-Doo & Scrappy-Doo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Scooby_and_Scrappy-Doo_Show=The New Scooby and Scrappy-Doo Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Call=Murder Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go,_Diego,_Go!=Vai Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpongeBob_SquarePants=SpongeBob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Guys_(1968_TV_series)=The Good Guys (serie televisiva 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dusty's_Trail=Riuscirà la nostra carovana di eroi...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_29_Down=Flight 29 Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_at_Home_(TV_series)=The War at Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bones_(TV_series)=Bones (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Men=City of Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unknown_Chaplin=Chaplin sconosciuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring:_The_Final_Chapter=Ring: The Final Chapter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6teen=6teen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snoop_Sisters=Le sorelle Snoop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Dowling_Mysteries=Le inchieste di Padre Dowling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threshold_(TV_series)=Threshold (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spicy_City=Spicy City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon's_Christmas_Vacation_2=National Lampoon's - Vacanze di Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girls_Next_Door=The Girls Next Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_I_Met_Your_Mother=How I Met Your Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Ultra_(TV_series)=Capitan Ultra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_(TV_serial)=Sky (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_League_Baseball_on_Fox=Fox Major League Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful_Life_(2005_TV_series)=Wonderful Life (drama coreano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Prince_Valiant=Principe Valiant (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Rogers_in_the_25th_Century_(TV_series)=Buck Rogers (serie televisiva 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Gloom=Ruby Gloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Not_an_Animal=Non sono un animale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Court=Science Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackstar_(TV_series)=Blackstar (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_the_Real_Jerry_Lewis_Please_Sit_Down=Jerry Lewis Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meego_(TV_series)=Meego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Called_Hawk=Un uomo chiamato Falco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Stalker_(TV_series)=Night Stalker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lock,_Stock...=Lock, Stock...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McBride_(film_series)=McBride (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philly_(TV_series)=Philly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Super_Sweet_16=My Super Sweet 16
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_with_Bonnie=Una mamma quasi perfetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Ed=Get Ed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Legal=Just Legal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bracken's_World=Bracken's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storefront_Lawyers=Uomini di legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_of_Nowhere=A sud del Paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Water_High=Blue Water High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Togetherness_(TV_series)=Togetherness (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_Inc._(TV_series)=Love, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Crossing=Il mistero di Jillian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning,_Miss_Bliss=Good Morning, Miss Bliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relativity_(TV_series)=Relativity (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squidbillies=Squidbillies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_It's_Made=Come è fatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Love=Big Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Dancing=Strictly Dancing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Monsters_(TV_series)=Mostri del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Hawk=Il falco della strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_(TV_series)=Thea (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opposite_Sex_(TV_series)=Opposite Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_Island=Godzilla Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_U.F.O.=Project UFO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardware_(TV_series)=Hardware (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_(1984_TV_series)=Le avventure di Sherlock Holmes (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_America=Invasion America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_McBoing-Boing_(TV_series)=Gerald McBoing-Boing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_in_Film=My Life in Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USA_High=USA High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Man_(TV_series)=Iron Man (serie animata 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcoa_Presents:_One_Step_Beyond=Alcoa Presents: One Step Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Instinct_(TV_series)=Killer Instinct (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Test=Johnny Test
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kong:_The_Animated_Series=King Kong (serie animata 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run's_House=Run's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugarfoot=Sugarfoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlestar_Galactica_(1978_TV_series)=Galactica (serie televisiva 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Patrol:_Adventures_in_the_Dream_Zone=Potsworth & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pororo_the_Little_Penguin=Pororo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_on_One_(TV_series)=One on One (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Babies=Mega Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ellen_Show=The Ellen Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Millionaire_(TV_series)=The Millionaire (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Forward=Tucker e Becca, nemici per la pelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robotboy=Robotboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Unit_2=Special Unit 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masquerade_(TV_series)=Masquerade (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navy_Log=Navy Log
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_Wars_(TV_series)=Civil Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Super_Mario_Bros._Super_Show!=The Super Mario Bros. Super Show!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Neverending_Story_(TV_series)=La storia infinita (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Neverending_Story=Tales from the Neverending Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Life=Another Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zoo_Gang=Caccia grossa (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutter_to_Houston=Houston pronto soccorso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PB&J_Otter=Pepi, Briciola e Jo-Jo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratz_(TV_series)=Bratz (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventurer_(TV_series)=L'avventuriero (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_a_Stick=Amore e patatine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rude_Awakening_(TV_series)=Rude Awakening (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Ink=Miami Ink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_60_on_the_Sunset_Strip=Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello,_Larry=Hello, Larry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracles_(TV_series)=Miracles (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraforce=Ultraforce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Rhino_Junior_High=Scuola media Rinoceronte Volante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_(TV_series)=Il mago (serie televisiva 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_You_(2005_TV_series)=Only You (drama coreano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Central_(TV_series)=South Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woops!=Woops!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocoyo=Pocoyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wayne_Manifesto=Il mondo di Wayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Houston=Matt Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matador_(Danish_TV_series)=Monopoly (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Border_Security:_Australia's_Front_Line=Airport Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christy_(TV_series)=Christy (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeper_Cell_(TV_series)=Sleeper Cell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_Horror=Masters of Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_IT_Crowd=IT Crowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tattooed_Teenage_Alien_Fighters_from_Beverly_Hills=4 tatuaggi per un super guerriero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_City_(TV_series)=La città in controluce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Fly_Away_(TV_series)=Io volerò via
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinpachi-sensei=San nen B-gumi Kinpachi-sensei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toonsylvania=Toonsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels_(miniseries)=I viaggi di Gulliver (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Misadventures_of_Sheriff_Lobo=Lobo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraft_Television_Theatre=Kraft Television Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movin'_On_(TV_series)=Movin' On (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_Kong_Show=King Kong (serie animata 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Housewife=Bullyang jubu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hills=The Hills (disambigua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_Bulaga!=Eat Bulaga!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_Turtles:_The_Next_Mutation=Tartarughe Ninja: l'avventura continua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rawhide_(TV_series)=Gli uomini della prateria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Making_of_Star_Wars=The Making of Star Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forest_Rangers=I rangers della foresta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_of_Freedom=La spada della libertà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Charlie_Chan=Le avventure di Charlie Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_Racers=Nascar Racers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Performances=Great Performances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabitha_(TV_series)=Tabitha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_the_Vampire=Milly - Vampiro per gioco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distraction_(game_show)=Distraction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grim_&_Evil=Brutti e cattivi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faerie_Tale_Theatre=Nel regno delle fiabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moral_Orel=Moral Orel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WCW_WorldWide=WCW WorldWide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Hill=King of the Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake,_Rattle,_and_Roll=Hanna & Barbera Robot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marvel_Super_Heroes=The Marvel Super Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_with_Monsters=L'impero dei mostri - La vita prima dei dinosauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rat_Patrol=La pattuglia del deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebelde_Way=Rebelde Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adderly=Adderly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeleton_Warriors=Skeleton Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCoy_(TV_series)=McCoy (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squirrel_Boy=Squirrel Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dakotas_(TV_series)=Dakota (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Designs=Grand Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutenstein=Tutenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conviction_(2006_TV_series)=Conviction (serie televisiva 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Daniel_(TV_series)=The Book of Daniel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spin_and_Marty=Spin e Marty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legends_of_Treasure_Island=L'Isola del Tesoro (serie animata 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_Boy=Corky, il ragazzo del circo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Gwenevere_and_the_Jewel_Riders=Starla e le sette gemme del mistero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unscripted=Unscripted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Einsteins=Little Einsteins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ideal_(TV_series)=Ideal (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Gym_Partner's_a_Monkey=Quella scimmia del mio amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimarron_Strip=Cimarron Strip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trollz=Trollz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Love_(1996_TV_series)=Cheotsarang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_19_Year_Old_Sister-in-Law=Hyeongsunim-eun yeor-ahop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfside_6=Surfside 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vengeance_Unlimited=Mr. Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddio=Mammi si diventa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.I.T.C.H._(TV_series)=W.I.T.C.H. (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Bridge_(TV_series)=Oltre il ponte (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Justice=In Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_Group=The Book Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_&_Friends=Fox & Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Name_of_the_Game_(TV_series)=Reporter alla ribalta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlestar_Galactica_(2004_TV_series)=Battlestar Galactica (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_New_School=A scuola con l'imperatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glo_Friends=Mille luci nel bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_R=Codice R
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_X=Kamen Rider X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Woman_(TV_series)=Pepper Anderson - Agente speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raptor_Island=Lost World - Predatori del mondo perduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_(TV_series)=Savannah (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clueless_(TV_series)=Ragazze a Beverly Hills (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Beach=Falcon Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flash_(1990_TV_series)=Flash (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dengeki_Sentai_Changeman=Dengeki sentai Changeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Four_(1967_TV_series)=I Fantastici Quattro (serie animata 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Fantastic_Four=The Fantastic Four (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Four_(1994_TV_series)=I Fantastici Quattro (serie animata 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.A.K.Q._Dengekitai=J.A.K.Q. Dengekitai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baskervilles=The Baskervilles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunar_Jim=Lunar Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaun_the_Sheep=Shaun, vita da pecora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Montana=Hannah Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Your_Love_(TV_series)=Tris di cuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Name:_Eternity=Code Name: Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_5_Mrs._Buchanans=Le cinque signore Buchanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.T.O.M.=Action Man Atom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Files_of_the_Spy_Dogs=Spy Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadliest_Catch=Deadliest Catch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edison_Twins=I gemelli Edison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damo_(TV_series)=Joseon yeohyeongsa damo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unit=The Unit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoriteam=Minoriteam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dresden_Files_(TV_series)=The Dresden Files (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepwalkers_(TV_series)=Sleepwalkers (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saved_(TV_series)=Saved (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_the_Shark=Kenny the Shark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_(TV_series)=Lewis (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trilogy_of_Terror=Trilogia del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Galaxy_(TV_series)=Team Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cubix=Cubix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gray_Ghost_(TV_series)=The Gray Ghost (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada's_Next_Top_Model=Canada's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Whisperer_with_Cesar_Millan=Dog Whisperer - Uno psicologo da cani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Break=Beyond the Break - Vite sull'onda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kwicky_Koala_Show=Kwicky Koala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaft_(TV_series)=Shaft (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_and_the_Reluctant_Werewolf=Scooby-Doo e il lupo mannaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payne_(TV_series)=Payne (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicle_(TV_series)=The Chronicle (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu:_The_Legend_Continues=Kung Fu: la leggenda continua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_(2006_TV_series)=Robin Hood (serie televisiva 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricochet_Rabbit_&_Droop-a-Long=Tornado Kid e Sonnacchia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Food_(TV_series)=Soul Food (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_on_Fox=Fox NASCAR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan,_Lord_of_the_Jungle=Tarzan, signore della giungla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kappa_Mikey=Kappa Mikey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bear_(TV_series)=Il Piccol'orso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_for_Your_Life_(TV_series)=I giorni di Bryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garo_(TV_series)=Garo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gallant_Men=The Gallant Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandglass_(TV_series)=Moraesigye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Mighty_Mouse_and_Heckle_&_Jeckle=Mighty Mouse (serie animata 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wackiest_Ship_in_the_Army_(TV_series)=The Wackiest Ship in the Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossbow_(TV_series)=Le nuove avventure di Guglielmo Tell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Francis_Drake_(TV_series)=Sir Francis Drake (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Say_Julie=Just Say Julie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Snowy_River_(TV_series)=La saga dei McGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Angels_(1976_TV_series)=La città degli angeli (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Kommissarin=Lady Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck_Dodgers_(TV_series)=Duck Dodgers (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_Personal_Best=Monty Python's Personal Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_House=Fashion House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curious_George_(TV_series)=Curioso come George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Hunters=Cacciatori di draghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Chef=Top Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gary_Coleman_Show=The Gary Coleman Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Flamingo=Capitan Flamingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_West_Was_Won_(TV_series)=Alla conquista del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Monie!=Hey Monie!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undeclared=Undeclared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gaffer_(TV_series)=The Gaffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo_Meets_the_Boo_Brothers=Scooby-Doo e i Boo Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_Generation_2=Transformers (G2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumble_Bumble=Mumble Bumble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Angel_(1997_TV_series)=Un angelo poco... custode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Truth_(TV_series)=The Naked Truth (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Replacements_(TV_series)=The Replacements - Agenzia sostituzioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutherland's_Law=Sutherland's Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borderers=The Borderers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_the_West=Il meglio del west
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirt_(TV_series)=Dirt (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goede_tijden,_slechte_tijden=Goede tijden, slechte tijden (soap opera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rogues_(TV_series)=Gli inafferrabili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unan1mous=Unan1mous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_Road_(TV_series)=Waterloo Road (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He-Man_and_the_Masters_of_the_Universe_(2002_TV_series)=He-Man and the Masters of the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Don_Coyote_and_Sancho_Panda=Don Coyote e Sancho Panda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legion_of_Super_Heroes_(TV_series)=Legion of Super Heroes (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards_and_Warriors_(TV_series)=Storie di guerra e di magia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freak_Show_(TV_series)=Freak Show (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_What%3F=Say What?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Fiction_Theatre=Scienza e fantasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_and_Martha=George e Martha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bare_Essence=Il profumo del potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepper_Dennis=Pepper Dennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cook's_Tour_(TV_series)=Anthony Bourdain: Viaggio di un cuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_RaceDay=NASCAR RaceDay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_Up_(TV_series)=Cover Up (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untold_Stories_of_the_E.R.=ER: Storie incredibili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_but_Love=Anything but Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Torkelsons=Un raggio di luna per Dorothy Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade:_The_Series=Blade - La serie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Cafe=Nightmare Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Ventura:_Pet_Detective_(TV_series)=Ace Ventura (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_About_Brian=A proposito di Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homewrecker_(TV_series)=Homewrecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilde_Alliance=Coppia in giallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borgias_(1981_TV_series)=I Borgia (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Notorious=So Notorious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nightmare_Room=The Nightmare Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitt_&_Kantrop=Pitt & Kantrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assy_McGee=Assy McGee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frisky_Dingo=Frisky Dingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metalocalypse=Metalocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mix_Master=Mix Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dink,_the_Little_Dinosaur=Dink il piccolo dinosauro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_(TV_series)=Fox (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante's_Cove=Dante's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Friends_Tigger_&_Pooh=I miei amici Tigro e Pooh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Red_(miniseries)=Rose Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinbad_Jr._and_his_Magic_Belt=Le avventure di Sinbad Junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That'll_Teach_'Em=That'll Teach 'Em
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Largo_Winch_(TV_series)=Largo Winch (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Palms=Hidden Palms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang_Time_(TV_series)=La squadra del cuore (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantomcat=Giù la maschera duca Filippo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goosebumps_(TV_series)=Piccoli brividi (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombie_Hotel=Zombie Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Power=Video Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_(TV_series)=C'era una volta (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrities_Under_Pressure=Celebrities Under Pressure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbours=Neighbours (soap opera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Willy_(TV_series)=Free Willy (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuta_wo_Produce=Nobuta o produce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heute=Heute (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Attack_(film)=Shark Attack - Squali all'attacco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_in_the_World_Is_Carmen_Sandiego%3F_(game_show)=Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego? (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_Centre=Off Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abbott_and_Costello_Show=Gianni e Pinotto (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chessgame=La mossa vincente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toxic_Crusaders=Toxic Crusaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judd,_for_the_Defense=Al banco della difesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Got_Talent=America's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forgotten_Toys=Teddy & Annie - I giocattoli dimenticati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student_Bodies_(TV_series)=Student Bodies (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floricienta=Flor - Speciale come te
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameTrailers_TV_with_Geoff_Keighley=Game Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugly_Betty=Ugly Betty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry_Tales=Tom & Jerry Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaggy_&_Scooby-Doo_Get_a_Clue!=Shaggy e Scooby-Doo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Class_(TV_series)=The Class - Amici per sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Goofs=Space Goofs - Vicini, troppo vicini!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Weapons=Armi del futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohara_(TV_series)=Ohara (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider_Riders=Spider Riders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Benny_Hill_Show=Benny Hill Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Murder_(Canadian_TV_series)=Blue Murder (serie televisiva 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_(2006_TV_series)=Runaway - In fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbery_Homicide_Division=Robbery Homicide Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life's_Work=La pazza vita della signora Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Go!!_Show=The Go!! Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_of_3000=Class of 3000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moxy_Show=The Moxy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremors_(TV_series)=Tremors - La serie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Donnellys=The Black Donnellys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soccer_Aid=Soccer Aid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_&_Sisters_(2006_TV_series)=Brothers & Sisters - Segreti di famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Rock=30 Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cory_in_the_House=Cory alla Casa Bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Day=Big Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alaskans=The Alaskans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_Break=Day Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_in_Trees=Men in Trees - Segnali d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_and_Prejudice_(1980_TV_series)=Orgoglio e pregiudizio (miniserie televisiva 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Case_of_Emergency_(TV_series)=In Case of Emergency - Amici per la pelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Little_Margie=La mia piccola Margie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yo_Gabba_Gabba!=Yo Gabba Gabba!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_C.A.T.s=La sfera del tempio orientale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_(2003_TV_series)=Tarzan (serie televisiva 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nine_(TV_series)=The Nine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_T-Rex=T-Rex (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firestarter:_Rekindled=L'incendiaria (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrest_and_Trial=Sotto accusa (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebus_(TV_series)=Rebus (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colt_.45_(TV_series)=Colt .45 (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderstone_(TV_series)=Thunderstone (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DumbLand=Dumbland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EZ_Streets=EZ Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yin_Yang_Yo!=Yin Yang Yo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cha_Cha_Cha_(TV_series)=Cha cha cha (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_(TV_series)=Alla ricerca della Valle Incantata (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Rosey=Chiudi gli occhi e sogna - Little Rosey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Copperfield_(1999_film)=David Copperfield (miniserie televisiva 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Norm_Show=The Norm Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raines=Raines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Louie=Lucky Louie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraft_Suspense_Theatre=The Crisis (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Justice=I giustizieri della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jericho_(2006_TV_series)=Jericho (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Warriors=Monster Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philco_Television_Playhouse=The Philco Television Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Islands=Le isole perdute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_(1966_TV_series)=Tarzan (serie televisiva 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_the_Chimp=Io e la scimmia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primeval=Primeval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Woody_Woodpecker_Show=Picchiarello (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Fox=Il commissario Köster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psych=Psych
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Paddington_Bear=Arriva Paddington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whirlybirds=Avventure in elicottero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_News_Bears_(TV_series)=La gang degli orsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Til_Death=Til Death - Per tutta la vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lionhearts=I Cuordileone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ToddWorld=ToddWorld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Family_(TV_series)=The Royal Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford_(TV_series)=Sanford (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Andy_Dick_Show=Andy Dick Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_XY=Kyle XY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford_Arms=Sanford Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_(2006_TV_series)=Justice - Nel nome della legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Weddings=Quattro matrimoni in Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spooktacular_New_Adventures_of_Casper=Casper (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Riders=I ragazzi della prateria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Living_Dead:_Necropolis=Return of the Living Dead: Necropolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standoff_(TV_series)=Standoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumanji_(TV_series)=Jumanji (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TRL_UK=Total Request Live (Regno Unito)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roaring_20's_(TV_series)=The Roaring 20's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_in_the_House=Un genio sul divano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazell_(TV_series)=Hazell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Dinosaurs_Roamed_America=L'impero dei dinosauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_Planet_(TV_series)=Pianeta dei dinosauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_to_the_Kellys=A casa con i tuoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_English_(TV_series)=Full English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother's_Keeper_(1998_TV_series)=Due papà da Oscar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_(TV_series)=Two (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charmings=Biancaneve a Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Super-1=Kamen Rider Super-1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_to_the_Bottom_of_the_Sea_(TV_series)=Viaggio in fondo al mare (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Joel=Hey Joel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movie_Surfers=Movie Surfers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_Moose_(TV_series)=Giochiamo all'avventura con l'alce Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammer_House_of_Mystery_and_Suspense=L'ora del mistero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Genie_from_Down_Under=Un genio per Penelope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cade's_County=Lo sceriffo del sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hardy_Boys/Nancy_Drew_Mysteries=Nel tunnel dei misteri con Nancy Drew e gli Hardy Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Debbie_Reynolds_Show=Ciao Debby!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Lose=Jigoneun motsar-a
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berrenger's=Berrenger's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Travels_of_Jaimie_McPheeters_(TV_series)=The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Valley_High_(TV_series)=Sweet Valley High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmares_&_Dreamscapes:_From_the_Stories_of_Stephen_King=Incubi e deliri (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter_(TV_series)=Dexter (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrocelli=Petrocelli (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_August=Dan August
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phineas_and_Ferb=Phineas e Ferb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Carters=House of Carters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prehistoric_Park=Prehistoric Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twins_of_Destiny=Gemelli nel segno del destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Active_(TV_series)=Radio Active (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_I_Live=Sui gradini di Harlem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forensic_Heroes=Forensic Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nutt_House=Matt Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mancuso,_F.B.I.=Mancuso, F.B.I.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lottery!=Lottery!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyperion_Bay=Hyperion Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidekicks_(TV_series)=L'ultimo cavaliere elettrico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Loving_Memory_(TV_series)=Il perduto amore (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franny's_Feet=I magici piedini di Franny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markham_(TV_series)=Markham (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Generation_(TV_series)=Love Generation (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela's_Eyes=Angela's Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waratte_Iitomo!=Waratte iitomo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pole_Chudes=Pole Čudes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Year_in_the_Life=Un anno nella vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumong_(TV_series)=Jumong (drama coreano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_and_the_Hendersons_(TV_series)=Harry e gli Henderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Helm_(TV_series)=Matt Helm (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Arthur's_Disasters=I disastri di Re Artù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galactik_Football=Galactik Football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hotel_Inspector=Hotel allo sbando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam's_Rib_(TV_series)=La costola di Adamo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_the_Kid=Bruno the Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beethoven_(TV_series)=Beethoven (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sarah_Jane_Adventures=Le avventure di Sarah Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spectacular_Spider-Man_(TV_series)=The Spectacular Spider-Man (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Four:_World's_Greatest_Heroes=I Fantastici Quattro (serie animata 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What%3F_Where%3F_When%3F=Čto? Gde? Kogda?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoe,_Duncan,_Jack_and_Jane=Zoe, Duncan, Jack & Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncommon_Women_and_Others_(film)=Uncommon Women... and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_So_Right_(TV_series)=Troppi in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brotherly_Love_(1995_TV_series)=Una famiglia a tutto gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Freno:_Licensed_Teacher=Nick Freno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Noah=Papà Noè
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Highwayman_(TV_series)=Il giustiziere della strada (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Road_Show=Oxford Road Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pippi_Longstocking_(1997_TV_series)=Pippi Calzelunghe (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_on_a_Rooftop=Amore in soffitta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Spoon=Sonny Spoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hull_High=Hull High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fanelli_Boys=I Fanelli Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_It_Out=Working It Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Summer_Playhouse=CBS Summer Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Chronicles=American Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_at_My_Back=Wind at My Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barefoot_in_the_Park_(TV_series)=A piedi nudi nel parco (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunger_(TV_series)=The Hunger (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Sorry,_I_Love_You=Mi-anhada, saranghanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H2O:_Just_Add_Water=H2O (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibs=Sibs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drexell's_Class=Un professore alle elementari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Wilder=Camp Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Rescue_Police_Winspector=Winspector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask:_Animated_Series=The Mask (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eon_Kid=Iron Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TigerSharks=TigerSharks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jekyll_(TV_series)=Jekyll (miniserie televisiva 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_'n'_Blood_(TV_series)=Flesh 'n' Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinky_Dinky_Doo=Pinky Dinky Doo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.S._I_Luv_U=Palm Springs, operazione amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonelygirl15=Lonelygirl15
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sang_Doo!_Let's_Go_to_School=Sang-doo-ya, hakgyo gaja!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Court_(TV_series)=Crown Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Addams_Family_(1964_TV_series)=La famiglia Addams (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Adventure:_Stories_from_the_Bible=Le grandi avventure della Bibbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Quite_Human_(film)=Mio fratello Chip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenge_of_the_GoBots=I Gobots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Contract=Ai qing he yue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Again%3F=Ancora tu (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Lear_(1983_TV_programme)=Re Lear (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hec_Ramsey=Hec Ramsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chicago_Teddy_Bears=Gli orsacchiotti di Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Disasters=Megadisastri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malibu,_CA_(TV_series)=Malibu, CA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruri_no_Shima=Ruri no shima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminator:_The_Sarah_Connor_Chronicles=Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidekicks_(1974_film)=Una strana coppia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vier_gegen_Z=4 contro Z
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawman_(TV_series)=Lawman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parental_Control=Parental Control (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...And_Mother_Makes_Three=Mamy fa per tre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...And_Mother_Makes_Five=Mamy fa per tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Seven_(TV_series)=I magnifici sette (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handy_Manny=Manny tuttofare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Untouchables_of_Elliot_Mouse=Los intocables de Elliot Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonny_Zero=Jonny Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Family_Robinson_(1974_TV_series)=Le avventure della famiglia Robinson (serie televisiva 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisdom_of_the_Gnomes=Viaggiamo con Benjamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jornal_Nacional=Jornal Nacional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Martian_Chronicles_(miniseries)=Cronache marziane (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Schoolbreak_Special=CBS Schoolbreak Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_of_Cakes=Ace of Cakes - In torta magna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Velvet_(TV_series)=Il magnifico King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Juliet_(TV_series)=Tokyo Juliet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/500_Nations=Indiani d'America (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Bites_(TV_series)=Love Bites (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Untouchables_(1993_TV_series)=The Untouchables (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Houndcats=La valle dei gatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Dolittle_(TV_series)=Il meraviglioso dottor Dolittle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_Over_Me=Watch Over Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evil_Touch=Il tocco del diavolo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Two-Two_(TV_series)=Jacob due due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Dolls:_Sex_Trade=Matrioshki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drew_Carey_Show=The Drew Carey Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cave_Kids=Cave Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Co-Ed_Fever=Co-ed Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parent_Trap_II=Trappola per genitori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Di-Gata_Defenders=Di-Gata Defenders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Murphy=I ragazzi di padre Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazer_Tag_Academy=Lazer Tag Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperNews!=SuperNews!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Reason=Beyond Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigfoot_Presents:_Meteor_and_the_Mighty_Monster_Trucks=Bigfoot Presents: Meteor and the Mighty Monster Trucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Robin_Hood=Il giovane Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flashing_Blade=Il Cavalier Tempesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillacs_and_Dinosaurs_(TV_series)=Cadillacs e dinosauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grim_Adventures_of_Billy_&_Mandy=Le tenebrose avventure di Billy e Mandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah's_Island=L'isola di Noè
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kekkon_Dekinai_Otoko=Kekkon dekinai otoko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Atlas=Discovery Atlas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_the_Dragon_(TV_series)=La leggenda del drago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Tigre:_The_Adventures_of_Manny_Rivera=El Tigre (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Patrol=Sea Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I._Joe:_A_Real_American_Hero_(1989_TV_series)=G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero - Seconda Serie (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Been_Away=È stata via
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Stone=Eli Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_Man_(2000_TV_series)=Invisible Man (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Rome_with_Love_(TV_series)=To Rome with Love (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babar_(TV_series)=Re Babar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poker_After_Dark=Poker After Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_from_Cincinnati=John from Cincinnati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/14-sai_no_Haha=14-sai no haha: aisuru tame ni umarete kita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcoa_Theatre=Alcoa Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VH1_Storytellers=VH1 Storytellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Polo_(miniseries)=Marco Polo (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Hunters=House Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanishing_Son=Vanishing Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Karate_Kid_(TV_series)=The Karate Kid (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalziel_and_Pascoe_(TV_series)=Dalziel and Pascoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrossel=Carrossel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time..._Space=Ai confini dell'universo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time..._The_Americas=Riscopriamo le Americhe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time..._The_Discoverers=Grandi uomini per grandi idee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time..._The_Explorers=Imbarchiamoci per un grande viaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sash_(TV_series)=Black Sash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Most_Shocking=Most Shocking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Blinky_Bill=Blinky Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_Litre_no_Namida_(TV_series)=1 litre no namida (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Byrds_of_Paradise=The Byrds of Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_lbs=3 libbre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Calls_(TV_series)=Visite a domicilio (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Dragon_(TV_series)=Due draghi per una cintura nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pretender_2001=Il camaleonte assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodyear_Television_Playhouse=Goodyear Television Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alcoa_Hour=The Alcoa Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_State_Within=The State Within - Giochi di potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phenom_(TV_series)=Phenom (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chris_Isaak_Show=The Chris Isaak Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_Your_Hunch=Play Your Hunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starveillance=Starveglianza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle's_Boys=Miracle's Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_vs._Wild=Uomo vs. Natura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider:_Dragon_Knight=Kamen Rider: Dragon Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deputy_(TV_series)=The Deputy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_with_Derek=La mia vita con Derek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_10+_Pedidos=Los 10+ Pedidos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey_West_(TV_series)=Honey West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wire_Service=Wire Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_Blvd.=Resurrection Blvd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peacemakers_(TV_series)=Peacemakers - Un detective nel West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boku_dake_no_Madonna=Boku dake no Madonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_at_the_Barnyard=Barnyard - Ritorno al cortile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Bug_(1997_film)=Il ritorno del maggiolino tutto matto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiling_Pasta=Wei xiao Pasta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Hours=Gung S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pippi_Longstocking_(1969_TV_series)=Pippi Calzelunghe (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mommies_(TV_series)=The Mommies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All's_Fair=All's Fair (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matrix_(TV_series)=Matrix (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identity_(game_show)=Soliti ignoti (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Hiccup=Mr. Hiccup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yancy_Derringer=Yancy Derringer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan's_Hope=I Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_(Fox_TV_series)=The Edge (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clinic_(TV_series)=The Clinic (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_of_the_House=Run of the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magical_Adventures_of_Quasimodo=Quasimodo (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Claudius_(TV_series)=Io Claudio imperatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robonic_Stooges=The Robonic Stooges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Young_Musicians=Eurovision Young Musicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katts_and_Dog=Poliziotto a 4 zampe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_the_Koala=Archibald, il koala investigatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Show=The Secret Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_Wives=Army Wives - Conflitti del cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TG2=TG2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_in_Tune=Totally in Tune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargate_Universe=Stargate Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Got_Talent=Britain's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Dance_Contest=Eurovision Dance Contest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_on_TNT=NASCAR on TNT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everest:_Beyond_the_Limit=Everest: Oltre il limite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Colorado=Chris Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronet_Blue=Coronet Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayside_(TV_series)=Wayside (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rules_of_Engagement_(TV_series)=Le regole dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_and_Eric_Awesome_Show,_Great_Job!=Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jacksons_(TV_series)=The Jacksons (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Marlowe,_Private_Eye=Philip Marlowe, detective privato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolate_com_Pimenta=Chocolate com pimenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Turpin_(TV_series)=Dick Turpin (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Came_from_Outer_Space=Le ragazze della terra sono meglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda's=Amanda (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_Creepie=La crescita di Creepie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agatha_Christie's_Marple=Miss Marple (serie televisiva 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Hour_(TV_series)=The Golden Hour (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meteor_Rain=Liu xing yu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sad_Love_Story=Seulpeun yeon-ga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Happened_in_Bali=Balli-eseo saenggin il
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Marple_(TV_series)=Miss Marple (serie televisiva 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lovely_Sam_Soon=Nae ireum-eun Kim Sam-soon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TGR=TGR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numberjacks=I Numerotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Crackers_(TV_series)=Animal Crackers (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F/X:_The_Series=F/X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.I._High=M.I. High - Scuola di spie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swift_Justice=Swift - Il giustiziere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitz=Hitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Riches=The Riches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_and_Gladys=Pete and Gladys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caso_Cerrado=Caso cerrado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roy_Rogers_Show=Roy Rogers (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_the_Menace_(1986_TV_series)=Denny (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mozart_Band=Mille note in allegria con la Mozart Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hennesey=Hennesey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Forest,_My_Home=Lu guang sen lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tudors=I Tudors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_Royale_(Climax!)=Casino Royale (Climax!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_VIII_(TV_serial)=Henry VIII (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horseland_(TV_series)=Horseland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchen_Nightmares=Cucine da incubo USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BeTipul=BeTipul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Woman=La libreria del mistero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_Time=Adventure Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Ties_(TV_series)=Blood Ties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Brothers_Band_(TV_series)=The Naked Brothers Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctuary_(TV_series)=Sanctuary (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Spider's_Sunny_Patch_Friends=Miss Spider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denjin_Zaborger=Zabogar - L'uomo elettrico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_(TV_series)=Rupert (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Bear,_Follow_the_Magic...=Rupert Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards_of_Waverly_Place=I maghi di Waverly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazos_de_Amor=Lazos de amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Pursuit_(1984_TV_series)=A passo di fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Problem_Child_(TV_series)=Junior combinaguai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Hospital:_Night_Shift=General Hospital: Night Shift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poochini's_Yard=Poochini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannay_(TV_series)=Hannay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factor_X_(Spanish_TV_series)=Factor X (Spagna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Potential=Casa Fuori Dal Comune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swingtown=Swingtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Flintstone_Christmas=Natale con gli antenati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Tribute_to_the_Troops=Tribute to the Troops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bizarre_Foods_with_Andrew_Zimmern=Orrori da gustare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bondi_Rescue=Baywatch in Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortified=Perché a me?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python_Live_at_Aspen=Monty Python Live at Aspen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Street_(TV_series)=Hudson Street (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Flying_Bears=Gli orsetti volanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasquatch_Mountain=Devil on the Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolverine_and_the_X-Men_(TV_series)=Wolverine e gli X-Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melodi_Grand_Prix_Junior=Melodi Grand Prix Junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor*Ology=Doctor*Ology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_Suburbia=Kate & Emma - Indagini per due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_(TV_series)=Greek - La confraternita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Bells=The Wedding Bells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rent-a-Goalie=Rent-a-Goalie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Celebrity_Apprentice=The Celebrity Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Watching_the_Kids%3F=Attenti ai ragazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlestar_Galactica:_Razor=Battlestar Galactica: Razor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Grace_(TV_series)=Saving Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Story_(radio_and_TV_series)=The Big Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_(TV_series)=Chuck (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Privilegio_de_Amar=Libera di amare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Friends=Tokyo Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Who%3F=Samantha chi?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marshal=Marshal (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lair=The Lair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bionic_Woman_(2007_TV_series)=Bionic Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Hurry_Love=Can't Hurry Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lassie_(1997_TV_series)=Lassie (serie televisiva 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_to_5_(TV_series)=Dalle 9 alle 5, orario continuato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Kick!=Geochim-eobs-i high kick!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_The_Clone_Wars_(2008_TV_series)=Star Wars: The Clone Wars (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICarly=ICarly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_(TV_series)=Ma-wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Strikers=20000 leghe nello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Colors_(TV_series)=Una famiglia tutto pepe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Boosh_(TV_series)=The Mighty Boosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_Theatre=Il pericolo è il mio mestiere (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Between_Dog_and_Wolf=Gae-wa neukdae-ui sigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tofus=I Tofu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_x_Summer=Re qing zhong xia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_George_Gently=L'ispettore Gently
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolphin_Cove_(TV_series)=La baia dei delfini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Practice_(TV_series)=Private Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blondie_(1957_TV_series)=Blondie (serie televisiva 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello!_Miss=Hello! Aegissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Gordon_(2007_TV_series)=Flash Gordon (serie televisiva 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curiosity_Shop=Curiosity Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Academy_(TV_series)=Scuola di polizia (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erotas_(TV_series)=Erōtas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cuerpo_del_Deseo=El cuerpo del deseo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KO_One=Zhong ji yi ban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cities_of_the_Underworld=Le città segrete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_William_Tell=Guglielmo Tell (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Monkeys=Code Monkeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X-Family=Zhong ji yi jia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody's_Equal=Campionissimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Californication_(TV_series)=Californication (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinite_Challenge=Muhan dojeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Top_Secret=Mission Top Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaz_(TV_series)=Kazinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SheZow=SheZow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboy_in_Africa=Cowboy in Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kill_Point=The Kill Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beasts_(TV_series)=Beasts (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow's_Pioneers=Pionieri di domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pushing_Daisies=Pushing Daisies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Impossible_(1988_TV_series)=Il ritorno di Missione impossibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journeyman_(TV_series)=Journeyman (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_You=Back to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Discoveries=Bella scoperta! - Antiche invenzioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superjail!=Superjail!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipstick_Jungle_(TV_series)=Lipstick Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpoolers=Carpoolers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Sexy_Money=Dirty Sexy Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women's_Murder_Club_(TV_series)=Women's Murder Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VH1_ILL-ustrated=Comedy ILL-ustrated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cashmere_Mafia=Cashmere Mafia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Boys_(TV_series)=Water Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful_Life_(2004_TV_series)=Wonderful Life (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cane_(TV_series)=I signori del rum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Bang_Theory=The Big Bang Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Het_Huis_Anubis=Het Huis Anubis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaper_(TV_series)=Reaper - In missione per il Diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Jezebel_James=The Return of Jezebel James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invader_Zim=Invader Zim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury's_Law=Canterbury's Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diners,_Drive-Ins_and_Dives=A tavola con Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lazarus_Man=Lazarus Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pink_Floyd_and_Syd_Barrett_Story=The Pink Floyd and Syd Barrett Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himitsu_no_Hanazono=Himitsu no Hanazono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Internado=El internado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wimzie's_House=Oggi a casa di Wimzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damages_(TV_series)=Damages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdoch_Mysteries=I misteri di Murdoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Big_Al=La ballata di Big Al
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Universe_(TV_series)=La storia dell'universo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_of_the_Conchords_(TV_series)=Flight of the Conchords (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_Notice=Burn Notice - Duro a morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Morse_(TV_series)=Ispettore Morse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Zitbag's_Transylvania_Pet_Shop=Pazze risate per mostri e vampiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartland_(Canadian_TV_series)=Heartland (serie televisiva canadese 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Heavens=Good Heavens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_into_Darkness=La porta sul buio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Road_Truckers=Gli eroi del ghiaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Squad=Ghost Squad (serie televisiva 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witch_Yoo_Hee=Manyeo Yoo-hee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobbyist_(TV_series)=Lobbyist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Jungle_Fury=Power Rangers Jungle Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Dorrit_(TV_series)=Little Dorrit (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockie_Leonard_(TV_series)=Lockie Leonard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Model_Ghana=Ghana's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil's_Next_Top_Model=Brazil's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China's_Next_Top_Model=China's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neon_Rider=Neon Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Side_Order_of_Life=Side Order of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Men=Mad Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satisfaction_(Australian_TV_series)=Satisfaction (serie televisiva 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yogi_and_the_Invasion_of_the_Space_Bears=Yoghi e l'invasione degli orsi spaziali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forensic_Heroes_II=Forensic Heroes II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday:_The_Animated_Series=Friday (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Se_Busca_Un_Hombre=Se busca un hombre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaotic_(TV_series)=Chaotic (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skunk_Fu!=Skunk Fu!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LA_Ink=LA Ink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Why_Love=Huan huan ai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstones:_Little_Big_League=Che forti Fred e Barney!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipper_and_Lopaka=Flipper & Lopaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Tales=Fly Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Blue_(TV_series)=Lady Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rutles_2:_Can't_Buy_Me_Lunch=The Rutles 2: Can't Buy Me Lunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roary_the_Racing_Car=Roary the Racing Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstones:_Jogging_Fever=I Flintstones - La maratona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marvelous_Misadventures_of_Flapjack=Le meravigliose disavventure di Flapjack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Mind_(TV_series)=State of Mind (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Flintstone_Family_Christmas=Un meraviglioso Natale con i Flintstones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marblehead_Manor=Tutti per uno (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chop_Socky_Chooks=Polli Kung Fu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC_Matinee_Theater=Matinee Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheeep=Belle peecorelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumb_and_Dumber_(TV_series)=Scemo & più scemo (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bill=Metropolitan Police (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lucky_Star_(TV_series)=Fang yang de xing xing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Operation_Overdrive=Power Rangers Operation Overdrive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/90_Days,_Time_to_Love=90il, saranghal sigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xyber_9:_New_Dawn=Xyber 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_&_Mrs._Muir_(TV_series)=La signora e il fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_on_the_Shortcake=Strawberry on the Shortcake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutie_Honey:_The_Live=Cutie Honey (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Jim_Bowie=The Adventures of Jim Bowie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_Unmasked=Heroes Unmasked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_racines_et_des_ailes=Des Racines et des Ailes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIS_Delitti_Imperfetti=R.I.S. - Delitti imperfetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.I.S,_police_scientifique=R.I.S. Police scientifique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Further_Adventures_of_the_Wilderness_Family=La grande avventura continua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DinoSquad=Dino Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TMZ_on_TV=TMZ on TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flikken_Maastricht=Flikken - Coppia in giallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Diary_of_a_Call_Girl=Diario di una squillo perbene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverboat_(TV_series)=Avventure lungo il fiume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lieutenant=The Lieutenant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Justice=Street Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corner_with_Love=Zhuan jiao yu dao ai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klutter!=Pasticcio (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Date_with_the_Angels=Date with the Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ellen_Burstyn_Show=Ellen Burstyn Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluffy_Gardens=Fluffy Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fay_(TV_series)=Fay (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear_(2002_TV_series)=Top Gear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starmania_(TV_series)=Starmania (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sous_le_soleil=Saint Tropez (soap opera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Kiss_Again=E zuo ju er wen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundee_and_the_Culhane=Due avvocati nel West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunslinger_(TV_series)=Gunslinger (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shotgun_Slade=Shotgun Slade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_of_the_Plainsman=Lo sceriffo indiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimarron_City_(TV_series)=Cimarron City (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ann_Sothern_Show=The Ann Sothern Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wichita_Town=Wichita Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magi-Nation_(TV_series)=Magi-Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Associates_(Canadian_TV_series)=The Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Huckleberry_Finn=Le nuove avventure di Huckleberry Finn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.I.T_(TV_series)=H.I.T
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tombstone_Territory=Tombstone Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_(TV_series)=Yeon-in
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victorious=Victorious (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Life_of_a_Masterpiece=The Private Life of a Masterpiece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auf_Achse_(TV_series)=Auf Achse (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Shot_at_Love_with_Tila_Tequila=A Shot at Love with Tila Tequila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vendetta=La vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Most_Smartest_Model=America's Most Smartest Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooter:_Secret_Agent=Scooter - Agente segreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fringe_(TV_series)=Fringe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mop_Girl=Mop Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeping_Up_with_the_Kardashians=Al passo con i Kardashian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X_Factor=The X Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_(TV_series)=Tae-wangsasin-gi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Love=Proposal daisakusen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cor_de_la_Ciutat=El cor de la ciutat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andra_Avenyn=Andra Avenyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casper's_Scare_School_(TV_series)=Casper - Scuola di paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funky_Cops=Funky Cops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ruggles=The Ruggles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardon_My_Genie=Scusami genio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dollhouse_(TV_series)=Dollhouse (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_10:_Alien_Force=Ben 10 - Forza aliena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristin_(TV_series)=Kristin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mowgli:_The_New_Adventures_of_the_Jungle_Book=Mowgli, il libro della giungla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_Yes_to_the_Dress=Abito da sposa cercasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Saturdays=The Secret Saturdays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireman_Sam=Sam il pompiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost:_Missing_Pieces=Lost: Missing Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Baby_(film)=La figlia un po' speciale di Babbo Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Spy_Family=My Spy Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bold_Ones:_The_New_Doctors=I nuovi medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_&_Virginia=Lola & Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bold_Ones:_The_Lawyers=The Bold Ones: The Lawyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bull_Fighting_(TV_series)=Dou niu yao bu yao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_of_the_Wild_(TV_series)=Il richiamo della foresta (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grossology_(TV_series)=Grossology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Bad=Breaking Bad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulligan's_Stew=La famiglia Mulligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Shadows_(1991_TV_series)=L'ombra della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Blue_(2008_TV_series)=Out of the Blue (serie televisiva 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guild_(web_series)=The Guild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Day=The Seventh Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_Inc.=Adventure Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biker_Mice_from_Mars_(2006_TV_series)=Biker Mice from Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Latest_Buzz=The Latest Buzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermodelo=Supermodelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Mortem_(TV_series)=Post Mortem - Segreti dall'aldilà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Densha_Otoko_(TV_series)=Densha otoko (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_(1984_TV_series)=Visitors (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaced_Out=Gli Astromartin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_and_I_(TV_series)=Wanggwa na
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashpoint_(TV_series)=Flashpoint (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_the_Bar_(2008_TV_series)=Avvocati a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Eden=Il primo paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smash_Lab=Smash Lab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drinky_Crow_Show=The Drinky Crow Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oprah_Winfrey_Presents:_Mitch_Albom's_For_One_More_Day=Un giorno ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Robinson_Crusoe_(TV_series)=Le avventure di Robinson Crusoe (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tick_(1994_TV_series)=The Tick (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_&_Order:_UK=Law & Order: UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_China=Wild China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Campbells=I Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Benjamin_(TV_series)=Soldato Benjamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Powell's_Zane_Grey_Theatre=I racconti del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Listener_(TV_series)=The Listener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laredo_(TV_series)=Laredo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Vermin=I Netturbani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Contender_Asia=The Contender Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_After_People=La Terra dopo l'uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Crawford,_Private_Eye=L'asso dei detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packed_to_the_Rafters=Packed to the Rafters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_Rider_(2008_TV_series)=Knight Rider (serie televisiva 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wacky_World_of_Tex_Avery=Tex Avery Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Reality_(TV_series)=Oltre la realtà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortier_(TV_series)=Fortier (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italia's_Next_Top_Model=Italia's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinniku_Banzuke=Unbeatable Banzuke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Detectives_(1959_TV_series)=I detectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_and_the_Beanstalk:_The_Real_Story=Jack e il fagiolo magico (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lud,_zbunjen,_normalan=Lud, zbunjen, normalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suite_Life_on_Deck=Zack e Cody sul ponte di comando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_Yours=Show Me Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_of_Vengeance=Code of Vengeance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Princess_D=Princess Princess D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Best_Dance_Crew=America's Best Dance Crew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season_of_the_Sun_(2002_miniseries)=Taiyō no kisetsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tightrope!=Tightrope (serie televisiva 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_(2008_TV_series)=Ghost (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Don't_Eat_the_Daisies_(TV_series)=Per favore non mangiate le margherite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deafplanet=Deafplanet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Shocking_Story=My Shocking Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supersize_vs_Superskinny=Grassi contro magri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_Persons_(TV_series)=Persone scomparse (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NET_Playhouse=NET Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulitzer_Prize_Playhouse=Pulitzer Prize Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ax_Men=Ax Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinky_Dog=Dinky Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_No._1_Ladies'_Detective_Agency_(TV_series)=The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Quest=Il mondo di Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/90210_(TV_series)=90210
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Pratchett's_Going_Postal=Going Postal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fated_to_Love_You_(2008_TV_series)=Ming zhong zhu ding wo ai ni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_Brothers:_Living_the_Dream=Jonas Brothers - Vivere il sogno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cleveland_Show=The Cleveland Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_(TV_series)=Lost (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code:_9=Code: 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pass_the_Plate=Passa il piatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchen_Confidential_(TV_series)=Kitchen Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amar_en_tiempos_revueltos=Amare per sempre (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_B!=La Grande B!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hrvatski_Top_Model=Hrvatski Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_Austen=Il romanzo di Amanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yogi_the_Easter_Bear=Una Pasqua con Yogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Pirata=Alma pirata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_de_Fierro=Son de Fierro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Shot_at_Love_II_with_Tila_Tequila=A Shot at Love II with Tila Tequila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_The_Brave_and_the_Bold=Batman: The Brave and the Bold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Own_Worst_Enemy_(TV_series)=My Own Worst Enemy (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crusoe_(TV_series)=Crusoe (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Plain_Sight=In Plain Sight - Protezione testimoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_Shortcake_(2003_TV_series)=Fragolina Dolcecuore (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Got_Talent=Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_School_Bus_(TV_series)=Allacciate le cinture! Viaggiando si impara - The Magic School Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoom_the_White_Dolphin=Zum il delfino bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Goldfish_Is_Evil=Il mio pesciolino rosso è cattivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan's_Run_(TV_series)=La fuga di Logan (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verano_del_'98=Verano del '98
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incident_(1990_film)=Eroe per un giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters_We_Met=Mostri che abbiamo incontrato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argai:_The_Prophecy=Argai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mallens=I Mallen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Serrano=Los Serrano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nero_Wolfe_(1981_TV_series)=Nero Wolfe (serie televisiva 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Betty_Hutton_Show=The Betty Hutton Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inbetweeners=The Inbetweeners (serie televisiva 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous_5:_On_the_Case=I Famosi 5 - Casi misteriosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolling_Love=Fan gun ba! Dan chao fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smurfs_(TV_series)=I Puffi (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Only_Young_Twice=Si è giovani solo due volte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warehouse_13=Warehouse 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auschwitz:_The_Nazis_and_'The_Final_Solution'=Auschwitz: nascita, storia e segreti di un incubo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ex_List=The Ex List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Unmarried=Provaci ancora Gary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sit_Down,_Shut_Up_(2009_TV_series)=Sit Down, Shut Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paths_to_Freedom=Paths to Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TG3=TG3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1000_Ways_to_Die=1000 modi per morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_of_the_Artful_Dodger=Escape of the Artful Dodger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Away_(TV_series)=L'America in bicicletta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Owl_(TV_series)=The Owl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SamSam=SamSam il cosmoeroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorro_(1990_TV_series)=Zorro (serie televisiva 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorro:_Generation_Z=Zorro Generazione Z
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Zorro_(1997_TV_series)=Evviva Zorro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_California_Raisin_Show=Le prugne della California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.A.D._Cats=B.A.D. Cats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Girl_(TV_series)=Donna in carriera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Vintage=WWE Vintage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ni_Hao,_Kai-Lan=Ni Hao, Kai-Lan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_(2008_TV_series)=Rush (serie televisiva 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/90-60-90_Modelos=Top Model (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro_Top_20=Euro Top 20
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Kingdoms_(TV_series)=San Guo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_the_American_Teenager=La vita segreta di una teenager americana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Roberts_(TV_series)=Mr. Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortysomething_(TV_series)=Fortysomething
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bit_of_Fry_&_Laurie=A Bit of Fry and Laurie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hwang_Jini_(TV_series)=Hwang Jin-yi (drama coreano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TG5=TG5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Everglades_(TV_series)=Everglades (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FNMTV=FNMTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonekickers=Bonekickers - I segreti del tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land's_End_(TV_series)=Mike Land: professione detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Privileged_(TV_series)=Privileged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workaholics=Workaholics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Cavett_Meets_ABBA=Dick Cavett meets ABBA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monkees_(TV_series)=I Monkees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/87th_Precinct_(TV_series)=87ª squadra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pig_City=Pig City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooke_Knows_Best=Brooke Knows Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganbare!!_Robocon=Ganbare!! Robocon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mentalist=The Mentalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Simon_Locke=Dottor Simon Locke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iljimae=Iljimae (drama coreano 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busytown_Mysteries=Evviva Sandrino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Stone=Aaron Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasty_Boys_(TV_series)=Nasty Boys (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Fight_Club=Jurassic Fight Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivors_(2008_TV_series)=Survivors (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cleaner_(TV_series)=The Cleaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Heroics=No Heroics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Anarchy=Sons of Anarchy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mental_(TV_series)=Mental (serie televisiva 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Citadel_(2003_miniseries)=La cittadella (miniserie televisiva 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E_le_stelle_stanno_a_guardare=E le stelle stanno a guardare (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Cittadella_(1964_miniseries)=La cittadella (miniserie televisiva 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Aliens=Enigmi alieni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colosseum:_Rome's_Arena_of_Death=Il Colosseo - L'arena della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Mom_and_Three_Dads=Appaset eommahana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_DC:_Almost_Live=Studio DC: Almost Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Got_Married=Uri gyeolhonhaess-eo-yo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Worlds_(TV_series)=I segreti del tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_the_Seeker=La spada della verità (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Jackson,_VP=True Jackson, VP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_and_the_Goblin_King=Scooby-Doo e il re dei Goblin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_the_Cat_(TV_series)=Felix (serie animata 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raffles_(TV_series)=Raffles, ladro gentiluomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear_Australia=Top Gear Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Interceptors=Police Interceptors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Chavo_del_Ocho=Cecco della botte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_Shortcake=Fragolina Dolcecuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Life_of_Plants=La vita segreta delle piante (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That=All That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Juan_y_Su_Bella_Dama=Don Juan y su bella dama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivanhoe_(1958_TV_series)=Ivanhoe (serie televisiva 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TG1=TG1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabatha_Takes_Over=Tabatha mani di forbice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Trouble_(Australian_TV_series)=Double Trouble (serie televisiva 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_&_Times_of_Tim=The Life & Times of Tim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Off_Ted=Better Off Ted - Scientificamente pazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_of_Eden_(TV_series)=Eden-ui dongjjok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Speaks_(TV_series)=Marta il cane parlante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Set=Dead Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Malibu=Hotel Malibu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mind_to_Kill=Mente omicida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gossip_Girl=Gossip Girl (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_O'Brian=Brian O'Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_RPM=Power Rangers RPM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bizarre_ER=Bizarre E.R.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Squirrel=Super Segretissimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CatDog=CatDog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cow_and_Chicken=Mucca e Pollo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Sports=Good Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_with_a_Chance=Sonny tra le stelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dani's_House=Dani's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cars_Toons=Cars Toons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Addams_Family=La nuova famiglia Addams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Wedding_Cakes=Torta di matrimonio cercasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_Maxx=Me and Maxx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Penguins_of_Madagascar=I pinguini di Madagascar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Capo_dei_Capi=Il capo dei capi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beethoven_Virus=Beethoven Virus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_No_Good=Bu liang xiao hua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Days_&_1_Night=1bak 2il
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrap_Teacher=Scrap Teacher: Kyōshi saisei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incantesimo=Incantesimo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysterious_Incredible_Terminator=Pi Li MIT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quest_(1976_TV_series)=Racconti della frontiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_(2008_TV_series)=Crash (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagner_(film)=Wagner (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crouches=The Crouches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/19_Kids_and_Counting=21 sotto un tetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon's_Cat=Simon's Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chupacabra:_Dark_Seas=Chupacabra Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abbott_and_Costello_Cartoon_Show=Gianni e Pinotto (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_&_Stan=Pat & Stan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momma's_Boys=La sposa perfetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glynis_(TV_series)=L'impareggiabile Glynis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Show_on_Earth_(TV_series)=The Greatest Show on Earth (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_My_Way_(TV_series)=Going My Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Person's_Guide_to_History=Young Person's Guide to History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elephant_Princess=Elephant Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_or_Bread=Wo de yi wan mian bao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_(Australian_TV_series)=Kelly (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whale_Wars=Guerra alle baleniere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Warp_(TV_series)=Effetto Rallenty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphas=Alphas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaws_(1960_TV_series)=Outlaws (serie televisiva 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Panther_(TV_series)=Black Panther (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apparitions_(TV_series)=Apparitions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destroyed_in_Seconds=Destroyed in Seconds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unusuals=The Unusuals - I soliti sospetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kids_from_47A=Quattro dinamici fratelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target:_The_Corruptors!=Corruptors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lie_to_Me=Lie to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_True=G.E. True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_O=Amanda O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysteries_of_Providence=I misteri di Providence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_the_Big_Red_Dog_(TV_series)=Clifford (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colour_of_Money_(game_show)=Il colore dei soldi (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_Aperto=Studio Aperto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_(TV_series)=Castle (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cupid_(2009_TV_series)=Cupid (serie televisiva 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_(1979_TV_series)=Paris (serie televisiva 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_no_Gaki_no_Tsukai_ya_Arahende!!=Downtown no gaki no tsukai ya arahende!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Adventures=Cacciatori di fantasmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_for_All_(TV_series)=Fuori di zukka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_v._Food=Man vs. Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Repo=Operation Repo - La gang dell'auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_and_the_Challenge=L'uomo e la sfida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childrens_Hospital=Childrens Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Bad_Self=Your Bad Self
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboy_G-Men=Cowboy G-Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gal_Circle=Galcir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_of_Thrones=Il Trono di Spade (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RuPaul's_Drag_Race=RuPaul's Drag Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mio_Mao=Mio Mao (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lawless_Years=The Lawless Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Pains=Royal Pains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parks_and_Recreation=Parks and Recreation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plus_belle_la_vie=Bella è la vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Desilu_Playhouse=Westinghouse Desilu Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Man's_World_(TV_series)=It's a Man's World (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_(TV_series)=Sherlock (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defying_Gravity_(TV_series)=Defying Gravity - Le galassie del cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasen_(TV_series)=Rasen (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_New_World=Nuovo Mondo selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eleventh_Hour_(1962_TV_series)=Undicesima ora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlashForward=FlashForward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fruitties=I Fruttini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Wipeout=Total Wipeout - Pronti a tutto!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momo_Love=Tao hua xiao mei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Surfer_(TV_series)=Silver Surfer (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntik:_Secrets_&_Seekers=Huntik - Secrets & Seekers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Point_(1963_TV_series)=Breaking Point (serie televisiva 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twilight_Zone_(2002_TV_series)=The Twilight Zone (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kojak_(2005_TV_series)=Kojak (serie televisiva 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKenna_(TV_series)=McKenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K.O.3an_Guo=Zhong ji san guo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Over_Flowers_(TV_series)=Kkotboda namja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Style_&_Substance=Questione di stile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Australia=MasterChef Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custer_(TV_series)=Custer (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuggington=Chuggington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Den-O=Kamen Rider Den-O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_Eagle=Penna di Falco, capo cheyenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_the_Scarlet_Pimpernel=The Adventures of the Scarlet Pimpernel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_in_the_Big_Blue_House=Bear nella grande casa blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_and_the_Samurai_Sword=Scooby-Doo e la spada del Samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitro_Circus=Nitro Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Jesse_James_(TV_series)=La leggenda di Jesse James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damon_(TV_series)=Damon (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_of_a_Certain_Age=Men of a Certain Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reporter_(TV_series)=Il reporter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parenthood_(1990_TV_series)=Fra nonni e nipoti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaiian_Heat=Poliziotti alle Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Family_(TV_series)=Bullyang gajok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitechapel_(TV_series)=Whitechapel (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrubs:_Interns=Scrubs: Interns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hana_Yori_Dango_Returns=Hana yori dango 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychoville=Psychoville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rounders_(TV_series)=The Rounders (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delocated=Delocated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoked_(TV_series)=Stoked - Surfisti per caso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Two-Shoes=Jimmy Jimmy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee_(TV_series)=Glee (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_vs._Kat=Kid vs. Kat - Mai dire gatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Broadway=Mr. Broadway (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Catch_a_Predator=To Catch a Predator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Things_I_Hate_About_You_(TV_series)=10 cose che odio di te (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_It_or_Break_It=Make It or Break It - Giovani campionesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VeggieTales=VeggieTales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Trooper_(TV_series)=State Trooper (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verano_de_amor=Verano de amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RollBots=Rollbots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandpa_in_My_Pocket=Il nonno nel taschino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_of_Green_Gables:_The_Animated_Series=Anne of Green Gables: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snog_Marry_Avoid%3F=Dire, fare, baciare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentucky_Jones=Il ragazzo di Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/26_Men=26 Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southland_(TV_series)=Southland (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Take_(TV_series)=The Take - Una storia criminale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oregon_Trail_(TV_series)=Alla conquista dell'Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3rd_&_Bird=3rd & Bird - Via degli uccellini n. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pony_Express_(TV_series)=Pony Express (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animaniacs=Animaniacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whispering_Smith_(TV_series)=Whispering Smith (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chisholms=Una storia del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stu_Erwin_Show=Mio padre, il signor preside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griff_(TV_series)=Griff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hexer_(TV_series)=Wiedźmin (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCIS:_Los_Angeles=NCIS: Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/League_of_Super_Evil=La Banda dei Super Cattivi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kick_Buttowski:_Suburban_Daredevil=Kick Chiapposky - Aspirante stuntman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kind_of_Magic_(TV_series)=Un pizzico di magia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner_(2009_miniseries)=The Prisoner (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cisco_Kid_(TV_series)=Cisco Kid (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear_Russia=Top Gear Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurse_Jackie=Nurse Jackie - Terapia d'urto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Actress=Fat Actress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treme_(TV_series)=Treme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_&_Clark_(TV_series)=Lewis & Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Spiez!=The Amazing Spiez!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_(TV_series)=Community (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_(1981_TV_series)=Shannon (serie televisiva 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante_(TV_series)=Ispettore Dante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_pecado=Mi pecado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Infedele=L'infedele (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Realm=Dark Realm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_10:_Ultimate_Alien=Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verissimo_(TV_series)=Verissimo (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porta_a_Porta=Porta a Porta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AnnoZero=Annozero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostbusters_(1986_TV_series)=Ghostbusters (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_Mystery_Incorporated=Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melrose_Place_(2009_TV_series)=Melrose Place (serie televisiva 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_(2009_TV_serial)=Emma (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Afterschool_Special=ABC Afterschool Specials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Outing=Family-ga tteotda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garfield_Show=The Garfield Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hung_(TV_series)=Hung - Ragazzo squillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastwick_(TV_series)=Eastwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cougar_Town=Cougar Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_loba_herida=Cuore ferito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadliest_Warrior=Deadliest Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magicians_of_Love=Ai qing mo fa shi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_the_Medici=L'età di Cosimo de' Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talkin'_'Bout_Your_Generation=Talkin' 'Bout Your Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ToGetHer=Ai jiu zhai yi qi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rovers_(TV_series)=La goletta di capitan McGill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Air_(TV_series)=On Air (drama coreano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maigret_(1992_TV_series)=Maigret (serie televisiva 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Bites=Life Bites (serie televisiva 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Che_tempo_che_fa=Che tempo che fa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omnibus_(talk_show)=Omnibus (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Miss_Mallard_Mystery=Un'anatra in giallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercy_(TV_series)=Mercy (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/69_Sexy_Things_2_Do_Before_You_Die=69 Sexy Things 2 Do Before You Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brian_Keith_Show=I bambini del dottor Jamison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parenthood_(2010_TV_series)=Parenthood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Family=Modern Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop_Dead_Diva=Drop Dead Diva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rose_(TV_series)=Qiang wei zhi lian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganbatte_Ikimasshoi=Ganbatte ikimasshoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isa_TKM=Isa TVB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Town_(TV_series)=Happy Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_(2009_TV_series)=V (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vampire_Diaries=The Vampire Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forgotten_(TV_series)=The Forgotten (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Middle_(TV_series)=The Middle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanboy_&_Chum_Chum=Fanboy & Chum Chum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Target_(2010_TV_series)=Human Target
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Tucson=Padre in affitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Past_Life_(TV_series)=Past Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accidentally_on_Purpose_(TV_series)=Incinta per caso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Rivers_(TV_series)=Three Rivers (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Medical=Miami Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Wife=The Good Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico's_Next_Top_Model=Mexico's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Tank=Shark Tank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cake_Boss=Il boss delle torte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Dog_Mendoza=Il cane Mendoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Blue_(TV_series)=Dark Blue (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Unexpected=Life Unexpected
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawthorne_(TV_series)=Hawthorne - Angeli in corsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_(TV_series)=Split (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empress_Cheonchu=Cheonchu taehu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Sheen=Planet Sheen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Martin,_DDS=Glenn Martin - Dentista da Strapazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eesti_Laul=Eesti Laul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qui_studio_a_voi_stadio=Qui studio a voi stadio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_(2009_TV_series)=The Beast (serie televisiva 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DJ_&_the_Fro=DJ & the Fro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_May_on_the_Moon=James May on the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_May_at_the_Edge_of_Space=James May at the Edge of Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jonathan_Ross_Show=The Jonathan Ross Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/16_and_Pregnant=16 anni e incinta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Boss_My_Hero=My Boss, My Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_Flying_Circus=Monty Python's Flying Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orthros_no_Inu=Orthros no inu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue:_Special_Ops=Rescue Special Ops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Collar_(TV_series)=White Collar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toddlers_&_Tiaras=Little Miss America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Wheels_Battle_Force_5=Hot Wheels Battle Force 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Court_of_Last_Resort=The Court of Last Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubicon_(TV_series)=Rubicon (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rookie_Blue=Rookie Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_Maximum=Titan Maximum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Behind_the_Badge=The Man Behind the Badge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiller_(TV_series)=Quiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_We_Ruled_the_Earth=Before We Ruled the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outer_Limits_(1963_TV_series)=The Outer Limits (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Couple=Il nostro piccolo grande amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Luck_Charlie=Buona fortuna Charlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters_Inside_Me=Io e i miei parassiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Red=Call Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bored_to_Death=Bored to Death - Investigatore per noia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Possible=Kim Possible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wendy_Williams_Show=The Wendy Williams Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzzer_Beat=Buzzer Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jericho_(1966_TV_series)=Codice Gerico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy,_the_Daughter_of_the_Devil=Lucy, the Daughter of the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dr._Oz_Show=The Dr. Oz Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Seondeok_(TV_series)=Seondeok yeo-wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Chair_(1990_TV_serial)=Episodi de Le cronache di Narnia (terza stagione)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Super_Hero_Squad_Show=Super Hero Squad Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion,_the_Witch_and_the_Wardrobe_(1988_TV_serial)=Episodi de Le cronache di Narnia (prima stagione)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawn_Stars=Affari di famiglia (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Strangler_(film)=Lo strangolatore della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatole_(TV_series)=Anatole (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartacus:_Blood_and_Sand=Episodi di Spartacus (prima stagione)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locked_Up:_A_Mother's_Rage=Reclusa - La rabbia di una madre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_rosa_de_Guadalupe=La rosa de Guadalupe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Firefighters=Codice d'emergenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero:_108=Hero 108
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Makes_Five=Nove in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lip_Service_(TV_series)=Lip Service (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_Train=Il treno dei dinosauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_Earth_Was_Made=In principio era la Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_May's_Toy_Stories=James May's Toy Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Junction=In giro per la giungla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_the_Menace_and_Gnasher_(2009_TV_series)=Dennis e Ringhio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nostradamus_Effect=Effetto Nostradamus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_and_Lola_(TV_series)=Charlie e Lola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niini_no_Koto_o_Wasurenaide=Niini no koto wo wasurenaide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riese:_Kingdom_Falling=Riese (webserie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_the_Fairytale_Detective=Sandra detective delle fiabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scan2Go=Scan2Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valientes=Valientes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Lab=Ghost Lab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Be_Indie=Essere Indie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPartment=IPartment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearlie=Pearlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regular_Show=Regular Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boardwalk_Empire=Boardwalk Empire - L'impero del crimine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Bank_(TV_series)=Music Bank (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embarrassing_Bodies=Malattie imbarazzanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niente_di_Personale=Niente di personale (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romantically_Challenged=Romantically Challenged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Man_(TV_series)=Casa e chiesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty's_Rival_in_Palace=Meiren xinji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidas_robadas=Vidas robadas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lone_Ranger_(TV_series)=Il cavaliere solitario (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brilliant_Legacy=Channanhan yusan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi_My_Sweetheart=Hai pai tian xin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fish_Hooks=Fish Hooks - Vita da pesci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misfits_(TV_series)=Misfits (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_(TV_series)=Miranda (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Time_Rush=Big Time Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Mountain_State=Blue Mountain State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paradise_Club=Paradise Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn's_Concerto=Xia yi zhan, xing fu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angry_Boys=Angry Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persons_Unknown_(TV_series)=Persone sconosciute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Dogs=Tokyo Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live-In=Due mamme in casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugly_Americans_(TV_series)=Ugly Americans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_(TV_series)=Gravity (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu_Panda:_Legends_of_Awesomeness=Kung Fu Panda - Mitiche avventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botineras=Botineras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fazenda=A Fazenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Beautiful_(TV_series)=Minam-isine-yo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_Shore_(TV_series)=Jersey Shore (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iris_(TV_series)=Iris (drama coreano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justified_(TV_series)=Justified (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_medico_in_famiglia=Un medico in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Mom=Teen Mom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sing-Off=The Sing-Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clash_of_the_Dinosaurs=Jurassic War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheyenne_Cinnamon_and_the_Fantabulous_Unicorn_of_Sugar_Town_Candy_Fudge=Cheyenne Cinnamon and the Fantabulous Unicorn of Sugar Town Candy Fudge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_Show=Show da Fé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Iljimae=Dor-a-on Iljimae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covert_Affairs=Covert Affairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matrix_(talk_show)=Matrix (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinx_(TV_series)=Jinx - Fornelli e magie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Who_Can't_Marry_(2009_TV_series)=Gyeolhon mothaneun namja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Hur_(miniseries)=Ben-Hur (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_of_Us_(1981_TV_series)=Maggiordomo per signora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willa's_Wild_Life=Willa's Wild Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_Three_Acts=Agatha Christie: Delitto in tre atti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incident_in_a_Small_Town=Un processo in provincia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Hornet_(TV_series)=Il Calabrone Verde (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_(Taiwanese_TV_series)=Ai qing bai pi shu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Persuasionists=The Persuasionists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon's_Great_Escape=Gordon Ramsay - Cose dell'altro mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Episodes_(TV_series)=Episodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Material_Girl_(TV_series)=Material Girl (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercovers_(TV_series)=Undercovers (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_as_Liz=My Life as Liz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buried_Life=The Buried Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geronimo_Stilton_(TV_series)=Geronimo Stilton (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_&_Joey=Melissa & Joey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huge_(TV_series)=Huge - Amici extralarge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Pickers=Gli Svuotacantine - A caccia di tesori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_&_Small=Big & Small
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virtual_Revolution=Virtual Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Human_(North_American_TV_series)=Being Human (serie televisiva 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minute_to_Win_It=Un minuto per vincere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solsidan_(TV_series)=Solsidan (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Make_It_in_America=How to Make It in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Signs=Mystère (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Cake_Off=Torte da record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphablocks=Alphablocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Avengers:_Earth's_Mightiest_Heroes=Avengers - I più potenti eroi della Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piers_Morgan_On...=Piers Morgan On...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generator_Rex=Generator Rex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Guys_(2010_TV_series)=La strana coppia (serie televisiva 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Live_from_Milano=Saturday Night Live (Italia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Ant=Anthony - Formidabile formica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Forest_Clinic=La clinica della Foresta Nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normalman_(TV_series)=NormalMan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasta_(TV_series)=Pasta (drama coreano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Ordinary_Family=No Ordinary Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_Taste=Kae-in-ui chwihyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleepover_Club_(TV_series)=The Sleepover Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Gorgeous=Le sorelle fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoarding:_Buried_Alive=Sepolti in casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sym-Bionic_Titan=Sym-Bionic Titan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pair_of_Kings=Coppia di re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_in_Cleveland=Hot in Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_(Danish_TV_series)=The Killing (serie televisiva 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popi_(TV_series)=Popi (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronk_(TV_series)=Bronk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tom_Ewell_Show=La famiglia Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disaster_Date=Disaster Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellcats=Hellcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_a_Laugh!=Topolino che risate!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease_(TV_series)=Signornò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_C_(TV_series)=The Big C
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prank_Patrol_(Australian_TV_series)=Prank Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Academy=Dance Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wingin'_It=Wingin' It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Check_It_Out!_with_Dr._Steve_Brule=Check It Out! with Dr. Steve Brule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Sunshine_(2011_TV_series)=Mr. Sunshine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italia's_Got_Talent=Italia's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unnatural_History_(TV_series)=National Museum - Scuola di avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairly_Legal=Fairly Legal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Looney_Tunes_Show=The Looney Tunes Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Spider-Man_(TV_series)=Ultimate Spider-Man (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Justice_(TV_series)=Young Justice (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fabulous_Beekman_Boys=I Favolosi Beekman Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gates_(TV_series)=The Gates - Dietro il cancello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kennedys_(miniseries)=The Kennedys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Me_Fitz=Call Me Fitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sliced=Fatti a fette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luther_(TV_series)=Luther (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tratame_bien=Tratame bien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_&_Order:_LA=Law & Order: LA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luck_(TV_series)=Luck (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worst-Case_Scenario_(TV_series)=L'ultimo sopravvissuto - Metropolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gawayn=Gawayn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry's_Law=Harry's Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amici_di_Maria_De_Filippi=Amici di Maria De Filippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Event=The Event
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outsourced_(TV_series)=Outsourced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_of_Proof=Body of Proof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Friend_Tony=Tony e il professore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Bloods_(TV_series)=Blue Bloods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_&_Molly=Mike & Molly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defenders_(2010_TV_series)=The Defenders (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob's_Burgers=Bob's Burgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cape_(2011_TV_series)=The Cape (serie televisiva 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Hope=Aiutami Hope!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Star_(TV_series)=Lone Star (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikita_(TV_series)=Nikita (serie televisiva 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_Light_(TV_series)=Traffic Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chicago_Code=The Chicago Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_1-8-7=Detroit 1-8-7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Map_(TV_series)=Off the Map (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_with_You=Better with You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/$h*!_My_Dad_Says=$h*! My Dad Says
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_with_Benefits_(TV_series)=Amici di letto (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gruen_Playhouse=Gruen Guild Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_(2010_TV_series)=Chase (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Endings_(TV_series)=Happy Endings (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haven_(TV_series)=Haven (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_Kings=I signori della fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_Nova_(TV_series)=Terra Nova (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_fantasma_de_Elena=El fantasma de Elena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diff'rent_Strokes=Il mio amico Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaw_(TV_series)=Branded (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Generation_(TV_series)=My Generation (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagleheart_(TV_series)=Eagleheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_5_O'Clock_Show=The 5 O'Clock Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCIS_(TV_series)=NCIS - Unità anticrimine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plain_Jane_(TV_series)=Plain Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovenski_Top_Model=Slovenski Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Drama=A tutto reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_Prime=Transformers: Prime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Americans_(1961_TV_series)=The Americans (serie televisiva 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis_Beat=Memphis Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Henson's_Animal_Show=Animal Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hard_Times_of_RJ_Berger=Hard Times - Tempi duri per RJ Berger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizzoli_&_Isles=Rizzoli & Isles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Marlowe_(TV_series)=Philip Marlowe (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walking_Dead_(TV_series)=The Walking Dead (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Noon_Toons=High Noon Toons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Cut_Off!=Principesse al verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Wormhole=Morgan Freeman Science Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_One=Pioneer One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeopardy!=Jeopardy!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_57=Studio 57
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damon_Runyon_Theater=Damon Runyon Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borgias_(2011_TV_series)=I Borgia (serie televisiva canadese)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_L_Word=The Real L Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dual_Survival=Dual Survival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Love_(TV_series)=Mad Love (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_I_Was_17=When I Was 17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glades_(TV_series)=The Glades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_with_Love_(TV_series)=Jiu xiang lai zhe ni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daybreak_(2010_TV_programme)=Daybreak (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_en_Gert_(TV_series)=Samson en Gert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_&_Blake=Jake & Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love/Hate_(TV_series)=Love/Hate (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Korra=La leggenda di Korra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Water_Margin_(1973_TV_series)=La frontiera del drago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fact_or_Faked:_Paranormal_Files=Fact or Faked: Paranormal Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Our_Luck=Un tocco di genio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man,_Woman,_Wild=Man, Woman, Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DC_Cupcakes=La bottega dei Cupcake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_Maid_en_Manhattan=Una maid en Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I._Joe:_Renegades=G.I. Joe: Renegades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_Insomnia=Cinema Insomnia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Cause_(TV_series)=Just Cause (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_One_In=Colpo d'occhio - L'apparenza inganna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retired_at_35=Vi presento i miei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_&_Bash=Franklin & Bash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef=MasterChef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_(TV_series)=Mad (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terriers_(TV_series)=Terriers - Cani sciolti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastbound_&_Down=Eastbound & Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Lee's_Superhumans=Stan Lee's Superhumans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Chuck_and_Friends=Le avventure di Chuck & Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_London's_Tales_of_the_Klondike=Jack London (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardcore_Pawn=Il banco dei pugni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Bollywood:_Super_Detective=Sally Bollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_and_Olivia=Orson & Olivia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dong_Yi_(TV_series)=Dong-yi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vexed=Vexed (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Prep=Tower Prep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shibatora=Shibatora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Girl=Lost Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt's_Monsters=Matt & Manson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Express=Time Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Idiot_Abroad=Scemo di viaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_the_Cut=Surviving the Cut: duri a morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Little_Pony:_Friendship_Is_Magic=My Little Pony - L'amicizia è magica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_(miniseries)=Millennium (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babar_and_the_Adventures_of_Badou=Babar e le avventure di Badou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_England_'86=This Is England '86
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsay's_Best_Restaurant=Ramsay's Best Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portlandia_(TV_series)=Portlandia (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_on_Wheels_(TV_series)=Hell on Wheels (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camelot_(TV_series)=Camelot (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.U.F.F._Puppy=T.U.F.F. Puppy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accidental_Couple=Geujeo bara bodaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downton_Abbey=Downton Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pound_Puppies_(2010_TV_series)=Pound Puppies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Temple_(TV_series)=Paul Temple (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Samurai=Power Rangers Samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Restoration=Missione restauro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_Cyber_Missions=Transformers: Cyber Missions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharktopus=Sharktopus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_British_Bake_Off=The Great British Bake Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Littlest_Pet_Shop_(1995_TV_series)=Cucciolandia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danni_Lowinski=Danni Lowinski (serie televisiva 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Migrations=Great Migrations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look:_The_Series=Look: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_in_the_House_(TV_series)=Dottori in allegria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritter's_Cove=La baia di Ritter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters_vs._Aliens_(TV_series)=Mostri contro alieni (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabian_of_the_Yard=Fabian of the Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playful_Kiss=Jangnanseureon kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_in_Transylvania=Summer in Transylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Sucroe=Robinson Bignè
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloe's_Closet=L'armadio di Chloé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Summer_in_Transylvania_episodes=Episodi di Summer in Transylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam's_Next_Top_Model=Vietnam's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer's_Pilots=I piloti di Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borgia_(TV_series)=I Borgia (serie televisiva francese)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tron:_Uprising=Tron - La serie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rake_(Australian_TV_series)=Rake (serie televisiva 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winners_&_Losers=Winners & Losers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outcasts_(TV_series)=Outcasts (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyranny_(TV_series)=Tyranny (webserie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Monsters_(TV_series)=Adorabili pesti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mob_City=Mob City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Wolf_(2011_TV_series)=Teen Wolf (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vieni_via_con_me=Vieni via con me (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Human_Heart_(TV_series)=Any Human Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Caspian/The_Voyage_of_the_Dawn_Treader_(1989_TV_serial)=Episodi de Le cronache di Narnia (seconda stagione)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factor_X_(Chilean_TV_series)=Factor X (Cile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_West_Waikiki=Hawaii missione speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enlightened_(TV_series)=Enlightened - La nuova me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_In_(TV_series)=Breaking In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.N.T._Farm=A.N.T. Farm - Accademia Nuovi Talenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auction_Hunters=Affare fatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Garden_(South_Korean_TV_series)=Secret Garden (drama coreano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Octonauts=Gli Octonauti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Great_Baker=Il boss delle torte - La sfida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Rush_(TV_series)=La febbre dell'oro (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storage_Wars=Affari al buio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Fisher's_Murder_Mysteries=Miss Fisher - Delitti e misteri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XIII:_The_Series=XIII (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slap_(TV_series)=The Slap (miniserie televisiva 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_My_Monsters=3 mostri in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Anubis=Anubis (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CHAOS_(TV_series)=Chaos (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightning_Force=Pagati per combattere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTSF:SD:SUV::=NTSF:SD:SUV::
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_Skies=Falling Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show!_Music_Core=Show! Eum-ak jungsim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M_Countdown=M Countdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graf_Yoster=Graf Yoster gibt sich die Ehre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_and_the_Never_Land_Pirates=Jake e i pirati dell'Isola che non c'è
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_(TV_series)=Le inchieste dell'ispettore Zen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lights_Out_(2011_TV_series)=Fuori dal ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Kratts=Wild Kratts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Property_Brothers=Fratelli in affari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Naked_Animals=Animali in mutande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Guns=Sons of Guns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body_Farm_(TV_series)=Body Farm - Corpi da reato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Sissi=La principessa Sissi (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun,_Sex_and_Suspicious_Parents=Sun... Sex & Suspicious Parents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie's_Angels_(2011_TV_series)=Charlie's Angels (serie televisiva 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slide_(TV_series)=Slide (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_&_Ally=Austin & Ally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringer_(TV_series)=Ringer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Princess_(TV_series)=My Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supah_Ninjas=Super Ninja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Problem_Solverz=The Problem Solverz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_and_Friends=Franklin and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_que_se_avecina=La que se avecina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomeriggio_Cinque=Pomeriggio Cinque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattino_Cinque=Mattino Cinque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenica_Cinque=Domenica Cinque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necessary_Roughness_(TV_series)=Terapia d'urto (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restaurant:_Impossible=Restaurant Impossible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Legend=Geunchogo wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel's_Friends=Angel's Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glee_Project=The Glee Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubble_Guppies=Bubble Guppies - Un tuffo nel blu e impari di più
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boku_no_Ikiru_Michi=Boku no ikiru michi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchen_Boss=Cucina con Buddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Used_to_Be_Fat=Teenager in crisi di peso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcatraz_(TV_series)=Alcatraz (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_High=Dream High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizard_Lick_Towing=Recupero crediti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sign_of_Four_(2001_film)=Il segno dei quattro (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_Me=My Life Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switched_at_Birth_(TV_series)=Switched at Birth - Al posto tuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_(2012_TV_series)=Dallas (serie televisiva 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_Heart=Bubujingxin (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Old_Christine=La complicata vita di Christine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smash_(TV_series)=Smash (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_&_Mat=Pat e Mat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zone_Fighter=Zone Fighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Rich_(1996_TV_series)=Richie Rich (serie animata 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time..._Man=C'era una volta... l'uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_in_Space=Lloyd nello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Weasel=Io sono Donato Fidato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hound_of_the_Baskervilles_(2000_film)=Il mastino di Baskerville (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Law_(2012_TV_series)=Common Law (serie televisiva 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gangster_Chronicles=I giorni del padrino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_of_Love=Tempesta d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightning_Point=Alien Surf Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidekick_(TV_series)=I Fantaeroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silk_(TV_series)=Silk (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuando_toca_la_campana=Cuando toca la campana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_(1965_TV_series)=Sherlock Holmes (serie televisiva 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Scandal=Scandalo in Boemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lying_Game=The Lying Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nine_Lives_of_Chloe_King=Le nove vite di Chloe King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Circle_(TV_series)=The Secret Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Justice=True Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_World_of_Gumball=Lo straordinario mondo di Gumball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Gently_(TV_series)=Dirk Gently (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_gURLs_wURLd=Cyber Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grachi=Grachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endgame_(TV_series)=Endgame (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srpski_Top_Model=Srpski Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_City_(TV_series)=Magic City (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boss_(TV_series)=Boss (serie televisiva 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Babysitter's_a_Vampire_(TV_series)=La mia babysitter è un vampiro (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_(1971_TV_series)=Justice (serie televisiva 1971)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Horror_Story=American Horror Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Model_po-russki=Top Model po-russki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happily_Divorced=Happily Divorced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel's_Quantum_Kitchen=Cucina esplosiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_Rescue_Bots=Transformers: Rescue Bots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/49_Days=49il
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_(2011_TV_series)=King (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddsworld=Eddsworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scaredy_Squirrel_(TV_series)=Squitto lo scoiattolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curiosity_(TV_series)=Curiosity (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Confession_(TV_series)=The Confession (webserie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Kombat:_Legacy=Mortal Kombat: Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Hip_Hop=Love & Hip Hop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_&_Teller_Tell_a_Lie=Vero o falso?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Rock=How to Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_by_Design=Jane stilista per caso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reckoning_(TV_series)=The Reckoning (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat_Hospital=Combat Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Really_Me=Miss Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Fat_for_15:_Fighting_Back=Adolescenti XXL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Runaway_(TV_series)=The Runaway (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Am_(TV_series)=Pan Am (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majors_&_Minors=Stelle domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inu_o_Kau_to_Iu_Koto=Inu o kau to iu koto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircrash_Confidential=Aircrash Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_(TV_series)=Vera (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011_MuchMusic_Video_Awards=MuchMusic Video Award 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star's_Lover=Star-ui yeon-in
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.L._Stryker=Detective Stryker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hunter_(TV_series)=City Hunter (drama coreano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Gaga_Presents_the_Monster_Ball_Tour:_At_Madison_Square_Garden=Lady Gaga Presents the Monster Ball Tour: At Madison Square Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geordie_Shore=Geordie Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Girl=New Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_All_Night_(TV_series)=Up All Night (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitney_(TV_series)=Whitney (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimm_(TV_series)=Grimm (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Playboy_Club=The Playboy Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awake_(TV_series)=Awake (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Person_of_Interest_(TV_series)=Person of Interest (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GCB_(TV_series)=Amiche nemiche (serie televisiva 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Trust_the_B----_in_Apartment_23=Non fidarti della str**** dell'interno 23
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_There,_Chelsea%3F=Are You There, Chelsea?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Broke_Girls=2 Broke Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kickin'_It=Kickin' It - A colpi di karate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney's_Friends_for_Change_Games=Disney's Friends for Change Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suburgatory=Suburgatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_(TV_series)=Revenge (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Os_Caras_de_Pau=Os caras de pau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hart_of_Dixie=Hart of Dixie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lie_to_Me_(2011_TV_series)=Naege geojinmar-eul haebwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Up!=Cose da uomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Firm_(2012_TV_series)=Il socio (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Random!=So Random!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binka=Binka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandal_(TV_series)=Scandal (serie televisiva 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Couponing=Pazzi per la spesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dos_hogares=Dos hogares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flor_Salvaje=Flor Salvaje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C'est_pas_sorcier=Non è magia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Femme_Fatales_(TV_series)=Femme Fatales - Sesso e crimini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh!_My_Girl!!=Oh! My Girl!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters_vs._Aliens:_Mutant_Pumpkins_from_Outer_Space=Mostri contro alieni - Zucche mutanti venute dallo spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeland_(TV_series)=Homeland - Caccia alla spia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NY_Ink=NY Ink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transporter:_The_Series=Transporter: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Air_(TV_series)=Off the Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Our_Lives=Il tempo della nostra vita (soap opera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Keeps_Going=Mei le, jia you
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Weight_Loss=Extreme Makeover: Diet Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway:_Rodando_la_Aventura=Highway: Rodando la Aventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_(2012_TV_series)=Missing (serie televisiva 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web_Therapy_(TV_series)=Web Therapy (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web_Therapy=Web Therapy (webserie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PrankStars=Scherzi da star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Lies=House of Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storage_Hunters=Affari a tutti i costi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirens_(2011_TV_series)=Sirens (serie televisiva 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Beach_Tow=Rimozione forzata (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China,_IL=China, IL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Jin_and_the_Panda_Patrol=Tutti in viaggio verso Pandalandia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zig_&_Sharko=Zig & Sharko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_or_Black%3F=Red or Black? - Tutto o niente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Kick:_Revenge_of_the_Short_Legged=High kick! - Jjarb-eun dari-ui yeokseup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equal_Justice_(TV_series)=E giustizia per tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gifted_Man=A Gifted Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awkward_(TV_series)=Diario di una nerd superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_to_Heaven=Autostop per il cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillbilly_Handfishin'=Pesca a mani nude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suits_(season_1)=Episodi di Suits (prima stagione)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamo:_Magician_Impossible=Dynamo - Magie impossibili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulk_and_the_Agents_of_S.M.A.S.H.=Hulk e gli agenti S.M.A.S.H.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Moms=Mamme sull'orlo di una crisi da ballo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Dynamite_(TV_series)=Black Dynamite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Tiger's_Neighborhood=Daniel Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protect_the_Boss=Boseureul jikyeora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_XV=Miss XV - MAPS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Thing_(TV_series)=Daemul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess'_Man=Gongju-ui namja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SBS_Gayo_Daejeon=SBS Gayo Daejeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior_Baek_Dong-soo=Musa Baek Dong-soo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_(miniseries)=Vietnam (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Myung-wol=Spy Myeong-wol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Vinci's_Demons=Da Vinci's Demons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_a_Jungle_Boy=Adventures of a Jungle Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anger_Management_(TV_series)=Anger Management (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Banda_del_Golden_Rocket=La banda del Golden Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Lantern:_The_Animated_Series=Green Lantern: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_Revolution=Il regno dei Dinosauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SciGirls=SciGirls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_(TV_series)=Dudley (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Valley_(TV_series)=Death Valley (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry's_World=Il mondo di Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picker_Sisters=Sorelle in affari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Biceps=Capitan Biceps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Block=Bella Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Bergdoktor=Der Bergdoktor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppy_in_My_Pocket:_Adventures_in_Pocketville=Cuccioli cerca amici - Nel regno di Pocketville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malibu_Country=Malibu Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Dinosaur=Planet Dinosaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartacus:_Vengeance=Episodi di Spartacus (seconda stagione)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exes=The Exes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Meat_(TV_series)=Fresh Meat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primus_(TV_series)=Primus (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_Star=Fashion Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primeval:_New_World=Primeval: New World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_with_Boys=Life with Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Camper=Die Camper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Cleveren=Die Cleveren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_kommt_Kalle=Il nostro amico Kalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commissario_Laurenti=Commissario Laurenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diese_Drombuschs=La famiglia Drombusch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doppelter_Einsatz=Doppelter Einsatz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor's_Diary=Doctor's Diary - Gli uomini sono la migliore medicina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drei_Damen_vom_Grill=Drei Damen vom Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edel_&_Starck=Edel & Starck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbflorenz_(TV_series)=Elbflorenz (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Ermittler=Il commissario Zorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Erbe_der_Guldenburgs=L'eredità dei Guldenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurocops=Eurocops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Fahnder=Faber l'investigatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familie_Dr._Kleist=Circle of Life (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familie_Neumann=Familie Neumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familie_Sonnenfeld=Familie Sonnenfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feuerdrachen=Draghi lingua di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forsthaus_Falkenau=La casa del guardaboschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frauenarzt_Dr._Markus_Merthin=Markus Merthin, medico delle donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gegen_den_Wind=I ragazzi del windsurf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geld.Macht.Liebe=Potere e passione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geliebte_Schwestern=Geliebte Schwestern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hafenpolizei=Hafenpolizei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallo_Robbie!=La nostra amica Robbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallo,_Onkel_Doc!=Ciao dottore!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Hausgeist=Der Hausgeist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidi_und_Erni=Heidi und Erni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Heiland_auf_dem_Eiland=Der Heiland auf dem Eiland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ihr_Auftrag,_Pater_Castell=Le indagini di padre Castell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Im_Tal_der_wilden_Rosen=La valle delle rose selvatiche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ich_heirate_eine_Familie=Ho sposato tutta la famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Im_Namen_des_Gesetzes=Im Namen des Gesetzes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_kleine_Doktor=Der kleine Doktor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klinik_unter_Palmen=Klinik unter Palmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kommissar_Freytag=Kommissar Freytag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kommissar_Brahm=Kommissar Brahm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kommissarin_Lucas=Kommissarin Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KRIMI.DE=Krimi.de
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Kriminalmuseum=Das Kriminalmuseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Kurier_der_Kaiserin=Der Kurier der Kaiserin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Landarzt=Il medico di campagna (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Kriminalist=Il commissario Schumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_letzte_Zeuge=Der letzte Zeuge (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_letzte_Bulle=Last Cop - L'ultimo sbirro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maddin_in_Love=Maddin in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liebling_Kreuzberg=Liebling Kreuzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mit_Herz_und_Handschellen=Mit Herz und Handschellen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mord_mit_Aussicht=Homicide Hills - Un commissario in campagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mordkommission_Istanbul=Squadra Omicidi Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mord_in_bester_Gesellschaft=Omicidi nell'alta società
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mummy_Nanny=Che baby sitter questa mummia!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notarztwagen_7=Notarztwagen 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notruf_Hafenkante=Hamburg Distretto 21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkhotel_Stern=Park Hotel Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Strohm=Peter Strohm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polizeifunk_ruft=Polizeifunk ruft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polizeiinspektion_1=Polizeiinspektion 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Rettungsflieger=Die Rettungsflieger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosa_Roth=Rosa Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Sandokan=Il ritorno di Sandokan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Rosenheim-Cops=Die Rosenheim-Cops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Island_in_Outer_Space=L'isola del tesoro (miniserie televisiva 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schmetterlinge_im_Bauch=Cuori tra le nuvole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_schnelle_Gerdi=La signora col taxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwarz_greift_ein=Un caso per Schwarz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Schule_am_See=Die Schule am See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_for_Vampires=Scuola di vampiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simsala_Grimm=Simsalagrimm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SK-Babies=SK-Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOKO_Wismar=SOKO Wismar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonderdezernat_K1=Squadra speciale K1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stadtklinik=Stadtklinik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Angela=St. Angela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ein_starkes_Team=Ein starkes Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylter_Geschichten=Sylter Geschichten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiere_bis_unters_Dach=Tiere bis unters Dach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till,_der_Junge_von_nebenan=Till, ragazzo di periferia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Traumhotel=Dream Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Typisch_Sophie=Sophie (serie televisiva 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twipsy=Twipsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unschuldig=Anna Winter - In nome della giustizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unser_Lehrer_Doktor_Specht=Buongiorno professore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Um_Himmels_Willen=Un ciclone in convento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Verbrechen_des_Professor_Capellari=Die Verbrechen des Professor Capellari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolffs_Revier=Wolff, un poliziotto a Berlino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extralarge=Detective Extralarge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blankenese_(TV_series)=Blankenese (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eine_wie_keine=Eine wie keine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Leon_(TV_series)=Donna Leon (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flemming_(TV_series)=Flemming (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Faucheurs_de_marguerites=I falciatori di margherite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fina_Estampa=Fina estampa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Lehrer=Der Lehrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikola_(TV_series)=Nikola (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabine_(TV_series)=Sabine!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_rote_Zora_und_ihre_Bande_(TV_series)=Zora la rossa (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salto_Mortale_(TV_series)=Salto mortale (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/48_ore=48 ore (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Stars_(TV_series)=All Stars (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andata_e_ritorno_(TV_series)=Andata e ritorno (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buttafuori=Buttafuori (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_(TV_series)=Boris (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_center_(TV_series)=Call center (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_famiglia=Casa famiglia (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carabinieri_(TV_series)=Carabinieri (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_caso_di_coscienza_(TV_series)=Un caso di coscienza (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codice_rosso=Codice rosso (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_(TV_series)=College (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compagni_di_scuola_(TV_series)=Compagni di scuola (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimini_(TV_series)=Crimini (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristina_(TV_series)=Cristina (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_(TV_series)=Donna (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_due_facce_dell'amore_(TV_series)=Le due facce dell'amore (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_famiglia_in_giallo_(TV_series)=Una famiglia in giallo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fratelli_detective_(TV_series)=Fratelli detective (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giornalisti_(TV_series)=Giornalisti (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gente_di_mare_(TV_series)=Gente di mare (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_tour_(TV_series)=In tour (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'isola_(TV_series)=L'isola (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_ladra_(TV_series)=La ladra (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lui_e_lei_(TV_series)=Lui e lei (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piloti_(TV_series)=Piloti (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non_smettere_di_sognare_(TV_series)=Non smettere di sognare (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orgoglio_(TV_series)=Orgoglio (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rossella_(TV_series)=Rossella (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stazione_di_servizio_(TV_series)=Stazione di servizio (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_stagioni_del_cuore_(TV_series)=Le stagioni del cuore (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbo_(TV_series)=Turbo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turno_di_notte_(TV_series)=Turno di notte (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugo_(TV_series)=Ugo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_poltrona_per_due_(TV_series)=Una poltrona per due (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vento_di_ponente_(TV_series)=Vento di ponente (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_donna_per_amico_(TV_series)=Una donna per amico (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uno_di_noi_(TV_series)=Uno di noi (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zanzibar_(TV_series)=Zanzibar (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fades_(TV_series)=The Fades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_No._1=Road No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AleX=AleX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amiche_mie=Amiche mie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_ali_della_vita=Le ali della vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amico_mio=Amico mio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrivano_i_Rossi=Arrivano i Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_e_i_cinque=Anna e i cinque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belli_dentro=Belli dentro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All'ultimo_minuto=All'ultimo minuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arriva_Cristina=Arriva Cristina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balliamo_e_cantiamo_con_Licia=Balliamo e cantiamo con Licia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_il_custode=Angelo il custode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetti_dal_Signore=Benedetti dal Signore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_bene_e_il_male=Il bene e il male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butta_la_luna=Butta la luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caro_maestro=Caro maestro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Cecilia=Casa Cecilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_bello_delle_donne=Il bello delle donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Pierpiero=Casa Pierpiero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_dolce_casa=Casa dolce casa (serie televisiva 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caterina_e_le_sue_figlie=Caterina e le sue figlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiara_e_gli_altri=Chiara e gli altri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classe_di_ferro=Classe di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_ciclone_in_famiglia=Un ciclone in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascina_Vianello=Cascina Vianello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commesse=Commesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_commissario_(TV_series)=Il commissario (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_commissario_a_Roma=Un commissario a Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_commissario_De_Vincenzi=Il commissario De Vincenzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_commissario_Manara=Il commissario Manara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Cesaroni=I Cesaroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimini_bianchi=Crimini bianchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristina,_l'Europa_siamo_noi=Cristina, l'Europa siamo noi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Montalbano_(TV_series)=Il commissario Montalbano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuore_contro_cuore=Cuore contro cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cugino_&_cugino=Cugino & cugino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Kiss_(TV_series)=First Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Files=The Dead Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_the_(Bleep)_Did_I_Marry%3F=Chi diavolo ho sposato?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_(Almost)_Got_Away_With_It=Ce l'avevo quasi fatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_delitti_del_cuoco=I delitti del cuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disokkupati=Disokkupati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dio_vede_e_provvede=Dio vede e provvede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Fumino=Don Fumino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Luca=Don Luca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Tonino=Don Tonino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Detective=Donna detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donne_assassine=Donne assassine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felipe_ha_gli_occhi_azzurri=Felipe ha gli occhi azzurri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisa_di_Rivombrosa=Elisa di Rivombrosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distretto_di_Polizia=Distretto di Polizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Due_per_tre=Due per tre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finalmente_soli=Finalmente soli (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fratelli_Benvenuti=Fratelli Benvenuti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuori_corso=Fuori corso (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiore_e_Tinelli=Fiore e Tinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuoriclasse=Fuoriclasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giallo_sera=Giallo sera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giallo_club._Invito_al_poliziesco=Giallo club. Invito al poliziesco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_giudice_Mastrangelo=Il giudice Mastrangelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gli_incubi_di_Dario_Argento=Gli incubi di Dario Argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandi_domani=Grandi domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Hotel_Cabaret=Grand Hotel Cabaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gino_the_Chicken=Gino il pollo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_cinque_del_quinto_piano=I cinque del quinto piano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-taliani=I-taliani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_ragazzi_del_muretto=I ragazzi del muretto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_ragazzi_di_padre_Tobia=I ragazzi di padre Tobia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_mammo=Il mammo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Polpo=Il Polpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Io_e_la_mamma=Io e la mamma (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_vigile_urbano=Il vigile urbano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_triangolo_rosso=Il triangolo rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_inchieste_del_commissario_Maigret=Le inchieste del commissario Maigret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Restaurant=Italian Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'avvocato_Porta=Avvocato Porta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_famiglia_Benvenuti=La famiglia Benvenuti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_inviato_molto_speciale=Un inviato molto speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'ispettore_Giusti=L'ispettore Giusti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_pietra_di_Marco_Polo=La pietra di Marco Polo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'avvocato_delle_donne=L'avvocato delle donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_storie_di_Farland=Le storie di Farland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_vedova_e_il_piedipiatti=La vedova e il piedipiatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_&_Kiwi=Le ricette di Arturo e Kiwi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_avventure_di_Laura_Storm=Le avventure di Laura Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_liceali=I liceali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licia_dolce_Licia=Licia dolce Licia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_me_Licia=Love Me Licia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_e_il_brigadiere=Linda e il brigadiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammamia!=Mammamia!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_&_Tux=Max & Tux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_maresciallo_Rocca=Il maresciallo Rocca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medici_miei=Medici miei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_misteri_di_Cascina_Vianello=I misteri di Cascina Vianello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nati_ieri=Nati ieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebbia_in_Val_Padana=Nebbia in Valpadana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebbie_e_delitti=Nebbie e delitti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noi_siamo_angeli=Noi siamo angeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_e_Felice=Norma e Felice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_nuova_squadra=La nuova squadra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonno_Felice=Nonno Felice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_la_va,_o_la_spacca=O la va, o la spacca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pazza_famiglia=Pazza famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quei_due_sopra_il_varano=Quei due sopra il varano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'onore_e_il_rispetto=L'onore e il rispetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professione_fantasma=Professione fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quelli_della_speciale=Quelli della speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_peccato_e_la_vergogna=Il peccato e la vergogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_prete_tra_noi=Un prete tra noi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pronto_Emergenza=Pronto Emergenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qui_squadra_mobile=Qui squadra mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raccontami=Raccontami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritorna_il_tenente_Sheridan=Ritorna il tenente Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_G.R.E.M.=Radio G.R.E.M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sei_forte,_maestro=Sei forte, maestro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan,_squadra_omicidi=Sheridan, squadra omicidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_stagione_dei_delitti=La stagione dei delitti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stiamo_bene_insieme=Stiamo bene insieme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_supermercato=Il supermercato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_India=Sweet India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teneramente_Licia=Teneramente Licia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terapia_d'urgenza=Terapia d'urgenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_soliti_idioti=I soliti idioti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutti_gli_uomini_sono_uguali=Tutti gli uomini sono uguali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_e_Polpetta=Tracy e Polpetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_ribelle=Terra ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutti_pazzi_per_amore=Tutti pazzi per amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutti_per_Bruno=Tutti per Bruno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_passo_dal_cielo=Un passo dal cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeria_medico_legale=Valeria medico legale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicini_di_casa=Vicini di casa (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Arzilla=Villa Arzilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_zio_d'America=Lo zio d'America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Via_Zanardi_33=Via Zanardi, 33
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quelli_dell'intervallo_in_vacanza=Quelli dell'intervallo in vacanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signore_e_signora=Signore e signora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familie_Leitner=Familie Leitner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schlosshotel_Orth=Schlosshotel Orth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOKO_Donau=Squadra Speciale Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vier_Frauen_und_ein_Todesfall=Quattro donne e un funerale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeter,_Ie_wo_Kau=Freeter, ie o kau.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parade's_End_(TV_series)=Parade's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohisama=Ohisama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beware_the_Batman=Beware the Batman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandpa_Goes_to_Washington=Nonno va a Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avengers_Assemble_(TV_series)=Avengers Assemble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart,_She_Holler=The Heart, She Holler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouk=Mouk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyebaek_(TV_series)=Gyebaek (drama coreano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Ripley=Miss Ripley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Tall_(TV_series)=Uno sceriffo contro tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Quixote_(TV_series)=Don Quixote (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocent_Love_(TV_series)=Innocent Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Shuffle=Love Shuffle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bull_Doctor=Bull Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brickleberry=Brickleberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderbirds_(TV_series)=Thunderbirds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banshee_(TV_series)=Banshee - La città del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_Man_(1995_TV_series)=Action Man (serie animata 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_Man_(2000_TV_series)=Action Man (serie animata 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_Paradise_(TV_series)=Delitti in Paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borgen_(TV_series)=Borgen - Il potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridiculousness_(TV_series)=Ridiculousness - Veri American Idiots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquele_Beijo=Aquele beijo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_Rap_Battles_of_History=Epic Rap Battles of History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_(TV_series)=Sydney (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Boy=Top Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Knight_(TV_series)=Poliziotto di quartiere (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meatballs_&_Spaghetti=Meatballs e Spaghetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Days'_Promise=Cheon-ir-ui yaksok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry_(TV_series)=Chemistry - La chimica del sesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_Jane=Yunggwang-ui Jae-in
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madigan_(TV_series)=Madigan (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaeloo=Kaeloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Rescue=Bar da incubo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smith_Family_(TV_series)=La famiglia Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_(TV_series)=Rob (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mako:_Island_of_Secrets=Mako Mermaids - Vita da tritone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Just_Want_My_Pants_Back=In cerca di Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry!=Hungry!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cavanaughs_(TV_series)=I Cavanaugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_of_the_Wildman=Turtleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reef_Doctors=Reef Doctors - Dottori a Hope Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_10:_Omniverse=Ben 10: Omniverse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_with...=A Night with...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia's_Next_Top_Model=Asia's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Zwo=L'altro (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polseres_vermelles=Polseres vermelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_England_'88=This Is England '88
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_Fructose_Adventures_of_Annoying_Orange=The High Fructose Adventures of Annoying Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_L.A._Complex=The L.A. Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilyhammer=Lilyhammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Casa_das_Sete_Mulheres=Garibaldi, l'eroe dei due mondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Christmas=Lost Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saiko_no_Jinsei=Saikō no jinsei no owarikata - Ending Planner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonshiners_(TV_series)=Moonshiners: la febbre dell'alcol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Is_the_New_Black=Orange Is the New Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_Ka_King=Ring Ka King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Guns=American Guns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Material_Queen=Bai jin nu wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel_(TV_series)=Isabel (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cajun_Pawn_Stars=Affari di famiglia - Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_(TV_series)=Girls (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hound_of_the_Baskervilles_(1972_film)=Il mastino dei Baskerville (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomb_Girls=Bomb Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endeavour_(TV_series)=Il giovane ispettore Morse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_Too,_Flower!=Nado, kkot!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impractical_Jokers=Cattivissimi amici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Embracing_the_Sun=Haereul pum-eun dal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_on_Top=Music on Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_of_a_Marriage_(TV_series)=Portrait of a Marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_at_Work_(TV_series)=Men at Work (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detentionaire=Detentionaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mudpit_(TV_series)=Mudpit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plim_Plim=Il pagliaccio Plim Plim, un eroe del cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_Band=The Wedding Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Client_(TV_series)=Il cliente (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Cat_from_Hell=Il mio gatto è indemoniato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soul_Man=The Soul Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_the_Midwife=L'amore e la vita - Call the Midwife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia_the_First=Sofia la principessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carosello=Carosello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamais_deux_sans_toi...t=Appartamento per due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Death_Row=On Death Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copper_(TV_series)=Copper (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear_Korea=Top Gear Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q'Viva!_The_Chosen=Q'Viva! The Chosen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Humans=Real Humans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards_vs_Aliens=Maghi contro alieni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lone_Gunmen_(TV_series)=The Lone Gunmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_&_the_Beast_(2012_TV_series)=Beauty and the Beast (serie televisiva 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_Town=Romance Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Who_Kill=Loro uccidono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thorn_Birds_(2011_TV_series)=Gasinamusae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Son=Risō no musuko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NYC_22=NYC 22
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Hope=Saving Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridal_Mask=Gaksital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Megaforce=Power Rangers Megaforce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamander_Guru_and_The_Shadows=Dorongnyong dosa-wa geurimja jojakdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Mutant_Ninja_Turtles_(2012_TV_series)=Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles - Tartarughe Ninja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CHiPs=CHiPs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pauly_D_Project=Pauly D: Da Jersey Shore a Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_tredicesimo_apostolo=Il tredicesimo apostolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_a_Salaryman=Salaryman chohanji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Grow_a_Planet=Terra: Il potere delle piante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supertorpe=Super T - Una schiappa alla riscossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Hell=Hotel da incubo (Gordon Ramsay)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Beloved_Sister=Nuna (drama coreano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Patrol=African Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Add_a_Friend=Add a Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rooftop_Prince=Oktapbang wangseja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Fred=Lucky Fred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Chefin=Il commissario Lanz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_Falls=Gravity Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartacus_(TV_series)=Spartacus (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Proposal=Propose daejakjeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snooki_&_Jwoww=Snooki & JWoww
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pac-Man_and_the_Ghostly_Adventures=Pac-Man e le avventure mostruose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakfu_(TV_series)=Wakfu (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue_Heroes_(TV_series)=Rescue Heroes - Squadra soccorso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_of_the_Desert_(TV_series)=Feng zhong qi yuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_in_Prague=Peuraha-ui yeon-in
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wentworth_(TV_series)=Wentworth (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville_(2012_TV_series)=Nashville (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_Animals_(miniseries)=Political Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elementary_(TV_series)=Elementary (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/666_Park_Avenue=666 Park Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Paradise=Al Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holy_Pearl=Nu wa chuanshuo zhi ling zhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Court:_10-dai_Saiban=Teen Court: 10-dai saiban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gentleman's_Dignity=Sinsa-ui pumgyeok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Message_from_Space:_Galactic_Wars=Guerra fra galassie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mockingbird_Lane=Mockingbird Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eesti_tippmodell=Eesti tippmodell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_UK=The Voice UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_2_Hearts=The King 2 Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Scheme=Gyeolhon-ui kkomsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemlock_Grove_(TV_series)=Hemlock Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Story_(TV_series)=Ghost Story (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arang_and_the_Magistrate=Arang sattojeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continuum_(TV_series)=Continuum (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_rostro_de_la_venganza=El rostro de la venganza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_McStuffins=Dottoressa Peluche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_(TV_series)=Yuryeong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longmire_(TV_series)=Longmire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_&_Bernstein=Crash & Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkstalkers_(TV_series)=Darkstalkers (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_(TV_series)=Derek (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carrie_Diaries_(TV_series)=The Carrie Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Ocean_Girl=Le nuove avventure di Ocean Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angry_Birds_Toons=Angry Birds Toons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Mary_Jane=Being Mary Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunheads=A passo di danza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadfael_(TV_series)=Cadfael - I misteri dell'abbazia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_(TV_series)=Hannibal (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Digger_(TV_series)=Cacciatori di tesori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ataru_(TV_series)=Ataru (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Champion=Show Champion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamWorks_Dragons=Dragons (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_Beautiful_(2010_TV_series)=Insaeng-eun areumda-wo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_the_Philippines=The Voice of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoners_of_War_(TV_series)=Prisoners of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFL_Top_100=NFL Top 100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_&_Frye=Small & Frye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cult_(TV_series)=Cult (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_On_(TV_series)=Go On (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_the_Knight=Mike il cavaliere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanked=Acquari di famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Doctor=Ma-ui (drama coreano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Normal_(TV_series)=The New Normal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1600_Penn=1600 Penn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_(TV_series)=Revolution (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Care_Bears:_Welcome_to_Care-a-Lot=Gli orsetti del cuore - Benvenuti a Tantamore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monday_Mornings=Monday Mornings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Fire_(TV_series)=Chicago Fire (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guys_with_Kids=Guys with Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Room_(TV_series)=The Living Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmos:_A_Spacetime_Odyssey=Cosmos: Odissea nello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrow_(TV_series)=Arrow (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Owens,_M.D.=Emily Owens, M.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Neighbors_(2012_TV_series)=Vicini del terzo tipo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Live_with_Your_Parents_(For_the_Rest_of_Your_Life)=Ricomincio... dai miei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mindy_Project=The Mindy Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Following=The Following
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mob_Doctor=The Mob Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_No_Harm_(TV_series)=Do No Harm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Tools=Family Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Widow=Red Widow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condo_(TV_series)=Condo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dansez_pentru_tine=Dansez pentru tine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Jersey=Made in Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Spit=MTV Spit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_&_Miss=Hit & Miss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partners_(2012_TV_series)=Partners (serie televisiva 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Errol_Flynn_Theatre=The Errol Flynn Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Daddy=Baby Daddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Canyon=Crash Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_with_Dad_(web_series)=Out With Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_(TV_series)=Big (drama coreano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuando_quiero_llorar_no_lloro_(TV_series)=Vittorino (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_England_'90=This Is England '90
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Beautiful_You=Areumda-un geudae-ege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Heights_(TV_series)=Hollywood Heights - Vita da popstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrayina_maye_talant=Ukraine's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigfoot_(2012_film)=Bigfoot (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Vida_da_Gente=A vida da gente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiritsu_Bakaleya_Koukou=Shiritsu Bakaleya Kōkō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Titans_Go!_(TV_series)=Teen Titans Go! (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robocar_Poli=Robocar Poli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Hour_(2013_TV_series)=Zero Hour (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Polo_(TV_series)=Marco Polo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Donovan=Ray Donovan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_with_a_Blog=Dog with a Blog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Seer=Daepungsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wander_Over_Yonder=Wander (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduados=Graduados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackout_(TV_series)=Blackout (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Painter_of_the_Wind=Baram-ui hwa-won
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedians_in_Cars_Getting_Coffee=Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Course_(YouTube)=Crash Course
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_Highway=Haunted Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_to_Jonas=Married to Jonas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollow_Crown_(TV_series)=The Hollow Crown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawk_(TV_series)=Hawk l'indiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo_4:_Forward_Unto_Dawn=Halo 4: Forward Unto Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_in_the_Face=Bullet in the Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Mad_Fat_Diary=My Mad Fat Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Gotta_See_This=Beccati questo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivir_a_destiempo=Amore senza tempo (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Lyoko:_Evolution=Code Lyoko - Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counting_Cars=Macchine da soldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_(TV_series)=The Fall - Caccia al serial killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Impossible=Hotel da incubo (Anthony Melchiorri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Brown_(2013_TV_series)=Padre Brown (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_Dad_Run=Un papà da Oscar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Saturday_Morning_Slam=WWE Saturday Morning Slam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lizzie_Bennet_Diaries=The Lizzie Bennet Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABU_Song_Festivals=ABU Song Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Cunningham:_9th_Grade_Ninja=Randy - Un Ninja in classe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossbones_(TV_series)=Crossbones (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Knight_(TV_series)=Dark Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaster's_Universe=Blaster's Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Detours=Star Wars Detours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agents_of_S.H.I.E.L.D.=Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reply_1997=Eungdaphara 1997
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Family_(TV_series)=Royal Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fine_Romance_(1989_TV_series)=In due si ama meglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strike_Back_(TV_series)=Strike Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Place_(TV_series)=Park Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Lives_of_Men=La vita segreta degli uomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfblood=Wolfblood - Sangue di lupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supa_Strikas_(TV_series)=Supa Strikas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Money=Love & Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dellaventura=Dellaventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Grace_(TV_series)=Charlie Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Ramsay's_Ultimate_Cookery_Course=Cucina con Ramsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bates_Motel_(TV_series)=Bates Motel (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeon_Woo-chi_(TV_series)=Jeon Woo-chi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_and_Me=Mia and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Dramas=Drama-ui je-wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuckoo_(TV_series)=Cuckoo (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Daughter_the_Flower=Nae ttal Kkot-nim-i
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paradise_(TV_series)=The Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Car_Rescue=I maghi delle auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valleys_(TV_series)=The Valleys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_Housewives=Naejo-ui yeo-wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodas_de_odio=Nozze d'odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina:_Secrets_of_a_Teenage_Witch=Sabrina vita da strega (serie animata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canimals=Canimals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apprentice_(Italian_TV_series)=The Apprentice (Italia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ja_Myung_Go=Jamyeonggo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jang_Ok-jung,_Living_by_Love=Jang Ok-jeong, sarang-e salda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pound_Puppies_(1986_TV_series)=Gli amici Cercafamiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underemployed_(TV_series)=Underemployed - Generazione in saldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mankind:_The_Story_of_All_of_Us=Mankind: la storia di tutti noi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_Mrs_Jones_(TV_series)=Me and Mrs Jones (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catfish:_The_TV_Show=Catfish: false identità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Littlest_Pet_Shop_(2012_TV_series)=Littlest Pet Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slugterra=SlugTerra - Lumache esplosive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Property_Wars=Property Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akumu-chan=Akumu-chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Jorge=Salve Jorge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_&_Hers_(TV_series)=His & Hers (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_James=Buck James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Diners=Spie al ristorante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oldest_Rookie=Poliziotti in città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Eye_(TV_series)=Jack, investigatore privato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Like_Me=Please Like Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_to_Call_Home_(TV_series)=A Place to Call Home (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Car_Wars=Texas Car Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_(1986_TV_series)=Downtown (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Fashion=Mad Fashion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_elegido=El elegido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Marvin=Marvin Marvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Limit_(TV_series)=No Limit (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheongdam-dong_Alice=Cheongdam-dong Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Kidding_(TV_series)=Just Kidding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Queen_(TV_series)=The White Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_CQ=La CQ - Una scuola fuori dalla media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Crickley_Hall_(TV_series)=The Secret of Crickley Hall (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groove_High=Groove High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribbean's_Next_Top_Model=Caribbean's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priceless_(TV_series)=Priceless (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octava_Dies=Octava Dies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripper_Street=Ripper Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storage_Wars:_New_York=Affari al buio - New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Madeline=Oh Madeline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_Sex=Masters of Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Selfridge=Mr Selfridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dani's_Castle=Dani's Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motive_(TV_series)=Motive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Dome_(TV_series)=Under the Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekly_Idol=Jugan idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Team=Spike Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Playhouse=CBS Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendell_&_Vinnie=Wendell & Vinnie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legends_of_Chima=LEGO Legends of Chima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motu_Patlu=Motu Patlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spooksville_(TV_series)=Spooksville (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legit_(2013_TV_series)=Legit (serie televisiva 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Tree_(TV_series)=Family Tree (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombia's_Next_Top_Model=Colombia's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FloopaLoo,_Where_Are_You%3F=Floopaloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Continental_Railway_Journeys=Trans Europe Express (programma televisivo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_grande_famiglia=Una grande famiglia (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Monkeys=Rocket Monkeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Not_Easy=Sembra facile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westside_Medical=Un trio inseparabile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7th_Grade_Civil_Servant=7geup gongmu-won
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chosen_(TV_series)=Chosen (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lado_a_Lado=Lado a lado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italia_domanda=Italia domanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_David_Niven_Show=David Niven Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_Elliot=Doc Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Suite_(TV_series)=Executive Suite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rectify=Rectify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_High_(TV_series)=Angeli volanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foul_Play_(TV_series)=Doppio gioco a San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloha_Paradise=Luna di miele (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_King_(TV_series)=Janet King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discoring=Discoring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadchurch=Broadchurch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kesha:_My_Crazy_Beautiful_Life=Kesha: My Crazy Beautiful Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gu_Family_Book=Guga-ui seo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witches_of_East_End_(TV_series)=Le streghe dell'East End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maron_(TV_series)=Maron (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Originals_(TV_series)=The Originals (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_(TV_series)=Twisted (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironside_(2013_TV_series)=Ironside (serie televisiva 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Universe=Steven Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_the_Lionheart_(TV_series)=Riccardo Cuor di Leone (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Taylor_(TV_series)=Jack Taylor (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dude,_That's_My_Ghost!=Billy: un amico fantasmico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_Days_(1990_TV_series)=Glory Days (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagen_(TV_series)=Hagen (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jigsaw_John_(TV_series)=Ultimo indizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Story=Lotta per la vita (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weed_Country=Marijuana: America illegale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Flesh_(TV_series)=In the Flesh (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_N'_Loud=Fast N' Loud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Antagonists_(TV_series)=Divisi dalla legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Tatonka=Tatonka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_(TV_series)=Camp (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Love=Meiren long tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Step_(2013_TV_series)=The Next Step (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizards_Return:_Alex_vs._Alex=Il ritorno dei maghi - Alex vs. Alex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Lies=Love & Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_of_the_Lake=Top of the Lake - Il mistero del lago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liv_and_Maddie=Liv e Maddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evening_Urgant=Večernij Urgant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orphan_Black=Orphan Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_Lines=Crossing Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Steel_(2013_TV_series)=Max Steel (serie animata 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dal=A Dal
