http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_on_the_Tracks=Blood on the Tracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Baby_One_More_Time_(album)=...Baby One More Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decade_(Neil_Young_album)=Decade (Neil Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Downward_Spiral=The Downward Spiral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_(album)=Liverpool (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Changes=Forever Changes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_Behind=Left Behind (serie di romanzi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_the_Lightning=Ride the Lightning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garage_Inc.=Garage Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_Puppets=Master of Puppets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Load_(album)=Load
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metallica_(album)=Metallica (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horses_(album)=Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doors_(album)=The Doors (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flood_(They_Might_Be_Giants_album)=Flood (They Might Be Giants)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Side_of_the_Moon=The Dark Side of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Led_Zeppelin_(album)=Led Zeppelin (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Graduate_(soundtrack)=The Graduate (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsley,_Sage,_Rosemary_and_Thyme=Parsley, Sage, Rosemary and Thyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bookends_(album)=Bookends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paul_Simon_Songbook=The Paul Simon Songbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_and_Garfunkel's_Greatest_Hits=Simon and Garfunkel's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Led_Zeppelin_III=Led Zeppelin III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Led_Zeppelin_IV=Led Zeppelin IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houses_of_the_Holy=Houses of the Holy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Led_Zeppelin_II=Led Zeppelin II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presence_(album)=Presence (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_Graffiti=Physical Graffiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Led_Zeppelin_Remasters=Remasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Scissors_Stone_(album)=Paper Scissors Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andalucia_(album)=Andalucia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Is_My_Business..._and_Business_Is_Good!=Killing Is My Business... And Business Is Good!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_Sells..._but_Who's_Buying%3F=Peace Sells... But Who's Buying?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rust_in_Peace=Rust in Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Far,_So_Good..._So_What!=So Far, So Good... So What!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Treasures_(EP)=Hidden Treasures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youthanasia=Youthanasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countdown_to_Extinction=Countdown to Extinction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Needs_a_Hero=The World Needs a Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cryptic_Writings=Cryptic Writings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risk_(Megadeth_album)=Risk (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rude_Awakening_(Megadeth_album)=Rude Awakening (Megadeth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eminem_Show=The Eminem Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sgt._Pepper's_Lonely_Hearts_Club_Band=Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Please_Me=Please Please Me (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_in_the_U.S.A.=Born in the U.S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_the_Beatles=With the Beatles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hard_Day's_Night_(album)=A Hard Day's Night (album The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatles_for_Sale=Beatles for Sale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubber_Soul=Rubber Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolver_(Beatles_album)=Revolver (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles_(album)=The Beatles (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_(album)=Waterloo (album ABBA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_and_Fall_of_Ziggy_Stardust_and_the_Spiders_from_Mars=The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Velvet_Underground_&_Nico=The Velvet Underground & Nico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lennon/Plastic_Ono_Band=John Lennon/Plastic Ono Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Requiem=Requiem di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OK_Computer=OK Computer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Choirgirl_Hotel=From the Choirgirl Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Little_Girls=Strange Little Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet's_Walk=Scarlet's Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_for_Pele=Boys for Pele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_So_Unusual=She's So Unusual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Colors_(Cyndi_Lauper_album)=True Colors (album Cyndi Lauper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signals_(Rush_album)=Signals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greetings_from_Asbury_Park,_N.J.=Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild,_the_Innocent_&_the_E_Street_Shuffle=The Wild, the Innocent & the E Street Shuffle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Yourself=Make Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1,000_Hours=1,000 Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insomniac_(Green_Day_album)=Insomniac (Green Day)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atrocities_(album)=Atrocities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Ritual=Space Ritual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Your_Mind..._and_Your_Ass_Will_Follow=Free Your Mind... and Your Ass Will Follow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggot_Brain=Maggot Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_Eats_Its_Young=America Eats Its Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_Slop=Cosmic Slop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Take_It_to_the_Stage=Let's Take It to the Stage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardcore_Jollies=Hardcore Jollies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Kidd_Funkadelic=Tales of Kidd Funkadelic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_on_the_Verge_of_Getting_It_On=Standing on the Verge of Getting It On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Nation_Under_a_Groove=One Nation Under a Groove (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Jam_Wants_You=Uncle Jam Wants You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Imaginary_Boys=Three Imaginary Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Machine_Music=Metal Machine Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bon_Jovi_(album)=Bon Jovi (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slippery_When_Wet=Slippery When Wet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey_(album)=New Jersey (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_the_Faith=Keep the Faith (album Bon Jovi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Days_(Bon_Jovi_album)=These Days (album Bon Jovi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crush_(Bon_Jovi_album)=Crush (Bon Jovi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Be=Let It Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electric_Spanking_of_War_Babies=The Electric Spanking of War Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Mood_Swings=Wild Mood Swings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrenaline_(album)=Adrenaline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Pony=White Pony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_Fur=Around the Fur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboys_from_Hell=Cowboys from Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Definitely_Maybe=Definitely Maybe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2112_(album)=2112 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Off_Your_Pants_and_Jacket=Take Off Your Pants and Jacket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enema_of_the_State=Enema of the State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_(Journey_album)=Journey (Journey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_into_the_Future=Look into the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_(Journey_album)=Evolution (Journey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_(Journey_album)=Next (Journey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity_(Journey_album)=Infinity (Journey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Departure_(Journey_album)=Departure (Journey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_(Journey_album)=Escape (Journey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontiers_(Journey_album)=Frontiers (Journey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevermind=Nevermind (Nirvana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captured_(Journey_album)=Captured (Journey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raised_on_Radio=Raised on Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squawk_(album)=Squawk (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budgie_(album)=Budgie (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Were_Brittania_I'd_Waive_the_Rules=If I Were Brittania I'd Waive the Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Howe_(album)=Greg Howe (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Divide_(Scott_Stapp_album)=The Great Divide (album Scott Stapp)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_61_Revisited=Highway 61 Revisited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Sounds=Pet Sounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fistful_of_Metal=Fistful of Metal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spreading_the_Disease=Spreading the Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armed_and_Dangerous_(EP)=Armed and Dangerous (EP Anthrax)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_the_Living=Among the Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_the_Man_(EP)=I'm the Man (EP Anthrax)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Euphoria=State of Euphoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_of_the_Killer_B's=Attack of the Killer B's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persistence_of_Time=Persistence of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_of_White_Noise=Sound of White Noise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stomp_442=Stomp 442
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_8:_The_Threat_Is_Real=Volume 8: The Threat Is Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhouse:_The_Very_Best_of_Anthrax=Madhouse - The Very Best of Anthrax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violent_Femmes_(album)=Violent Femmes (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funkadelic_(album)=Funkadelic (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Sam's_Curse=Uncle Sam's Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Simon_(album)=Paul Simon (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nervous_Breakdown_(EP)=Nervous Breakdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_War=My War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slip_It_In=Slip It In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damaged_(Black_Flag_album)=Damaged (Black Flag)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Man_(Black_Flag_album)=Family Man (Black Flag)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Went_Black=Everything Went Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Four_Years=The First Four Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loose_Nut=Loose Nut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_'84=Live '84
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Process_of_Weeding_Out=The Process of Weeding Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annihilate_This_Week=Annihilate This Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minuteflag=Minuteflag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Head_(album)=In My Head (Black Flag)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquemini=Aquemini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wall=The Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jealous_Again=Jealous Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Place_without_a_Postcard=Place without a Postcard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Injuries=Head Injuries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10,_9,_8,_7,_6,_5,_4,_3,_2,_1=10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Sky_Mining=Blue Sky Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sails_in_the_Sunset_(album)=Red Sails in the Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diesel_and_Dust=Diesel and Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_and_Sun_and_Moon=Earth and Sun and Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redneck_Wonderland=Redneck Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathe_(Midnight_Oil_album)=Breathe (Midnight Oil)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Pack_(EP)=Six Pack (Black Flag)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Party_(EP)=TV Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenchrist=Frankenchrist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marshall_Mathers_LP=The Marshall Mathers LP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footprints_(album)=Footprints (Holly Valance)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventeen_Seconds=Seventeen Seconds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_in_Rome_Do_as_The_Vandals=When in Rome Do as the Vandals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_of_a_Punk_Planet=Fear of a Punk Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Fast,_Diarrhea=Live Fast, Diarrhea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oi_to_the_World!=Oi to the World!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweatin'_to_the_Oldies:_The_Vandals_Live=Sweatin' to the Oldies: The Vandals Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quickening=The Quickening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beg_to_Differ=Beg to Differ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_Fed=Force Fed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prove_You_Wrong=Prove You Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleansing_(album)=Cleansing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_in_General_(album)=Life in General
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Step_(album)=Out of Step
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minor_Threat_(album)=First Two 7"s on a 12"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animals_(Pink_Floyd_album)=Animals (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Will_I_Laugh_Tomorrow_When_I_Can't_Even_Smile_Today=How Will I Laugh Tomorrow When I Can't Even Smile Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Cuts_(Suicidal_Tendencies_album)=Prime Cuts (Suicidal Tendencies)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Your_Soul_and_Save_My_Mind=Free Your Soul and Save My Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Cyco_After_All_These_Years=Still Cyco After All These Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedumb=Freedumb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_the_Hard_Way=Six the Hard Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slave_to_the_Grind=Slave to the Grind (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quadrophenia=Quadrophenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Next=Who's Next
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subhuman_Race=Subhuman Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_for_the_Government=Die for the Government
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Quick_One=A Quick One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easter_Everywhere=Easter Everywhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Beloved_Revolutionary_Sweetheart=Our Beloved Revolutionary Sweetheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_Lime_Pie_(album)=Key Lime Pie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_It=Force It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Heavy_Petting=No Heavy Petting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsession_(UFO_album)=Obsession (UFO)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFO_2:_Flying=Flying (UFO)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFO_1=UFO 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/II_&_III=II & III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camper_Van_Beethoven_(album)=Camper Van Beethoven (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tusk_(album)=Tusk (Fleetwood Mac)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queens_of_the_Stone_Age_(album)=Queens of the Stone Age (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rated_R_(Queens_of_the_Stone_Age_album)=Rated R (Queens of the Stone Age)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_for_the_Deaf=Songs for the Deaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_(album)=Iowa (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mate._Feed._Kill._Repeat.=Mate. Feed. Kill. Repeat.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slipknot_(album)=Slipknot (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Number_of_the_Beast_(album)=The Number of the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closer_(Joy_Division_album)=Closer (Joy Division)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Bomb=Mind Bomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Presidents_of_the_United_States_of_America_(album)=The Presidents of the United States of America (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Frosting=Pure Frosting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Word_of_Mouf=Word of Mouf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvest_(Neil_Young_album)=Harvest (Neil Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Generation_(album)=My Generation (album The Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Who_Sell_Out=The Who Sell Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Bless_Tiny_Tim=God Bless Tiny Tim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Calling=London Calling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thick_as_a_Brick=Thick as a Brick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Horses=Heavy Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Passion_Play=A Passion Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqualung_(Jethro_Tull_album)=Aqualung (Jethro Tull)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovesexy=Lovesexy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ani_DiFranco_(album)=Ani DiFranco (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Worlds=Seven Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ah_Via_Musicom=Ah Via Musicom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracy_of_One=Conspiracy of One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Offspring_(album)=The Offspring (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amorica=Amorica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danzig_II:_Lucifuge=Danzig II: Lucifuge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_(Beatles_album)=The Beatles 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Cross_(album)=Christopher Cross (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lights_Out_(UFO_album)=Lights Out (UFO)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rude_Awakening_(Prong_album)=Rude Awakening (Prong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_Remains_the_Same_(album)=The Song Remains the Same (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bounce_(Bon_Jovi_album)=Bounce (album Bon Jovi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Hour_of_Power=Half Hour of Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...And_Justice_for_All_(album)=...And Justice for All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Leeds=Live at Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Enough_Education_to_Perform=Just Enough Education to Perform
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Break_the_Oath=Don't Break the Oath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_(Jethro_Tull_album)=A (Jethro Tull)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemispheres_(Rush_album)=Hemispheres (Rush)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Steady_(album)=Rock Steady (No Doubt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritchie_Blackmore's_Rainbow=Ritchie Blackmore's Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Stage_(Rainbow_album)=On Stage (Rainbow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Old_to_Rock_'n'_Roll:_Too_Young_to_Die!=Too Old to Rock 'n' Roll: Too Young to Die!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_Earth_(Rainbow_album)=Down to Earth (Rainbow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Live_Rock_'n'_Roll=Long Live Rock 'n' Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.C.I.E.N.C.E.=S.C.I.E.N.C.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weathered=Weathered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Plastic=The Age of Plastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandolier_(album)=Bandolier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potatoes_for_Christmas=Potatoes for Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Friends_from_Young_Years=Old Friends from Young Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovehatetragedy=Lovehatetragedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Children_(EP)=Sweet Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lateralus=Lateralus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toxicity_(album)=Toxicity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amnesiac_(album)=Amnesiac (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_A=Kid A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Honey=Pablo Honey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_of_a_Down_(album)=System of a Down (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steal_This_Album!=Steal This Album!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Long,_Astoria=So Long, Astoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream,_After_Dream=Dream, After Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Farewell_to_Kings=A Farewell to Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Me_Convenience_or_Give_Me_Death=Give Me Convenience or Give Me Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignition_(The_Offspring_album)=Ignition (The Offspring)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smash_(The_Offspring_album)=Smash (The Offspring)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ixnay_on_the_Hombre=Ixnay on the Hombre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autobahn_(album)=Autobahn (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_Only_in_It_for_the_Money=We're Only in It for the Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_in_the_Sun_(Lit_album)=A Place in the Sun (Lit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GHV2=GHV2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_a_Virgin=Like a Virgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_(Rush_album)=Rush (Rush)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Bus:_The_Who_on_Tour=Magic Bus: The Who on Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believe_(Disturbed_album)=Believe (Disturbed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Days=Strange Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_Space_(album)=Lost in Space (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Madman_(album)=Diary of a Madman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribute_(Ozzy_Osbourne_album)=Tribute (Ozzy Osbourne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blizzard_of_Ozz=Blizzard of Ozz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Rest_for_the_Wicked_(Ozzy_Osbourne_album)=No Rest for the Wicked (Ozzy Osbourne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Sin=The Ultimate Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Tears=No More Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_the_Sun=Waiting for the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heathen_Chemistry=Heathen Chemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Beauty_(album)=American Beauty (Grateful Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hybrid_Theory=Hybrid Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumours_(album)=Rumours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleetwood_Mac_(1975_album)=Fleetwood Mac (1975)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_View=Morning View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_(Yngwie_Malmsteen_album)=Odyssey (Yngwie Malmsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Unknown_(Mest_album)=Destination Unknown (Mest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Mafia_Life=Black Mafia Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slim_Shady_LP=The Slim Shady LP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Song_Contest_2003=Eurovision Song Contest 2003
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sticks_and_Stones_(New_Found_Glory_album)=Sticks and Stones (New Found Glory)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddha_(album)=Buddha (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Does_This_Look_Infected%3F=Does This Look Infected?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheshire_Cat_(Blink-182_album)=Cheshire Cat (Blink-182)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dude_Ranch_(album)=Dude Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclorama_(album)=Cyclorama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_of_Eight=Pieces of Eight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Ball_(Styx_album)=Crystal Ball (Styx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equinox_(Styx_album)=Equinox (Styx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_the_Century=Edge of the Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box_Car_Racer_(album)=Box Car Racer (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_by_Night_(album)=Fly by Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caress_of_Steel=Caress of Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fingerprince=Fingerprince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meteora_(album)=Meteora (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awake_(Godsmack_album)=Awake (album Godsmack)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faceless=Faceless (album Godsmack)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godsmack_(album)=Godsmack (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Wilson_Presents_Smile=Brian Wilson Presents Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_(album)=Canterbury (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightning_to_the_Nations=Lightning to the Nations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borrowed_Time_(Diamond_Head_album)=Borrowed Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Might_Be_Giants_(album)=They Might Be Giants (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dry_(album)=Dry (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stories_from_the_City,_Stories_from_the_Sea=Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gusto_(album)=Gusto (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_California_(Eagles_album)=Hotel California (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmo_&_the_Orchestra=Elmo & the Orchestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_All_That_Could_Have_Been=And All That Could Have Been
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_Is_Dead=The Queen Is Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untouchables_(album)=Untouchables (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rid_of_Me=Rid of Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leitmotif_(album)=Leitmotif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cielo_(album)=El cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fevers_and_Mirrors=Fevers and Mirrors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letting_Off_the_Happiness=Letting Off the Happiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracy_(King_Diamond_album)=Conspiracy (album King Diamond)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_of_Know_Return=Point of Know Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Specials=More Specials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Brother,_Where_Art_Thou%3F_(soundtrack)=Fratello, dove sei? (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathe_(Faith_Hill_album)=Breathe (album Faith Hill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appetite_for_Destruction=Appetite for Destruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Beat=Beauty and the Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daydream_Nation=Daydream Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_over_Heels_(Cocteau_Twins_album)=Head over Heels (Cocteau Twins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Health=Metal Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Feet_High_and_Rising=3 Feet High and Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronic=The Chronic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_to_Russia=Rocket to Russia (Ramones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enter_the_Wu-Tang_(36_Chambers)=Enter the Wu-Tang (36 Chambers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Going_On_(Marvin_Gaye_album)=What's Going On (album Marvin Gaye)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miseducation_of_Lauryn_Hill=The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Outta_Compton=Straight Outta Compton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highly_Evolved=Highly Evolved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exile_on_Main_St.=Exile on Main St.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Headed_Stranger=Red Headed Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Fever_(soundtrack)=Saturday Night Fever (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramones_(album)=Ramones (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_Don't_Lie=The Sun Don't Lie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Miller_(album)=Marcus Miller (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suddenly_(Marcus_Miller_album)=Suddenly (Marcus Miller)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Process_of_Belief=The Process of Belief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harder_They_Come_(soundtrack)=The Harder They Come (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/40oz._to_Freedom=40oz. to Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Songs_About_Buildings_and_Food=More Songs About Buildings and Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natty_Dread=Natty Dread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disintegration_(The_Cure_album)=Disintegration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_to_Write_Home_About=Something to Write Home About
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellow_Gold=Mellow Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moondance=Moondance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Mind_the_Bollocks,_Here's_the_Sex_Pistols=Never Mind the Bollocks, Here's the Sex Pistols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Hymns=Urban Hymns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_from_Big_Pink=Music from Big Pink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odelay=Odelay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_for_Your_Mind=Fight for Your Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/400_Degreez=400 Degreez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dookie=Dookie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_on_Both_Sides=Black on Both Sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid_Swords=Liquid Swords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitalogy=Vitalogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cactus_Album=The Cactus Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uprising_(Bob_Marley_and_the_Wailers_album)=Uprising (Bob Marley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska_(album)=Nebraska (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Splash=Last Splash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Fierce_Beer_Coaster=One Fierce Beer Coaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_Dogs=Rain Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agents_of_Fortune=Agents of Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Hell_(album)=Raising Hell (Run DMC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/461_Ocean_Boulevard=461 Ocean Boulevard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Low_End_Theory=The Low End Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Unplugged_in_New_York=MTV Unplugged in New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Strings_Attached_(NSYNC_album)=No Strings Attached (NSYNC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrealistic_Pillow=Surrealistic Pillow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raw_Power=Raw Power (The Stooges)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_of_the_Boogie=Spirit of the Boogie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Pandemonium=Into the Pandemonium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweetheart_of_the_Rodeo=Sweetheart of the Rodeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_After_Death=Life After Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Dolls_(album)=New York Dolls (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aladdin_Sane=Aladdin Sane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baduizm=Baduizm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backless=Backless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Reason_to_Cry=No Reason to Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraxas_(album)=Abraxas (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maladroit=Maladroit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slowhand=Slowhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_(Eric_Clapton_album)=August (Eric Clapton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_One_Night_(Eric_Clapton_album)=Just One Night (Eric Clapton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing's_Shocking=Nothing's Shocking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Feeding_of_the_5000_(album)=The Feeding of the 5000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stations_of_the_Crass=Stations of the Crass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toys_in_the_Attic_(album)=Toys in the Attic (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draw_the_Line_(Aerosmith_album)=Draw the Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocks_(Aerosmith_album)=Rocks (Aerosmith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shout_at_the_Devil=Shout at the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mothership_Connection=Mothership Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parklife=Parklife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kind_of_Blue=Kind of Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_Sir,_I_Will=Yes Sir, I Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loveless_(album)=Loveless (My Bloody Valentine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazz_(album)=Nazz (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigerlily=Tigerlily (Natalie Merchant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_Against_the_Machine_(album)=Rage Against the Machine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...And_Out_Come_the_Wolves=...And Out Come the Wolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Cellar=Out of the Cellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Built_4_Cuban_Linx...=Only Built 4 Cuban Linx...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Songs_(Randy_Newman_album)=12 Songs (Randy Newman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Kind_of_Country_(Reba_McEntire_album)=My Kind of Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Sugar_Sex_Magik=Blood Sugar Sex Magik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth,_Wind_&_Fire_(album)=Earth, Wind & Fire (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Trouper_(album)=Super Trouper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_(Duran_Duran_album)=Rio (album Duran Duran)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pretender_(album)=The Pretender (album Jackson Browne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legalize_It=Legalize It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python_Sings=Monty Python Sings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkness_on_the_Edge_of_Town=Darkness on the Edge of Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_for_the_Red_Sun=Blues for the Red Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damn_the_Torpedoes_(album)=Damn the Torpedoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Dancer=Private Dancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synchronicity_(The_Police_album)=Synchronicity (The Police)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_in_the_Key_of_Life=Songs in the Key of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_Black=Back in Black (album AC/DC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_to_Hell=Highway to Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Rock:_The_Album=Planet Rock: The Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_of_the_Wild_Frontier=Kings of the Wild Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Mystery_and_Imagination_(Alan_Parsons_Project_album)=Tales of Mystery and Imagination - Edgar Allan Poe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagged_Little_Pill=Jagged Little Pill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranoid_(album)=Paranoid (album Black Sabbath)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homecoming_(America_album)=Homecoming (America)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirt_(Alice_in_Chains_album)=Dirt (Alice in Chains)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Fillmore_East=At Fillmore East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billion_Dollar_Babies=Billion Dollar Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...I_Care_Because_You_Do=...I Care Because You Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Soul=Lady Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Never_Loved_a_Man_the_Way_I_Love_You=I Never Loved a Man the Way I Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young,_Gifted_and_Black=Young, Gifted and Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1977_(Ash_album)=1977 (Ash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crazy_World_of_Arthur_Brown_(album)=The Crazy World of Arthur Brown (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_of_the_River_Nile=East of the River Nile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Say_Die!=Never Say Die!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generator_(Bad_Religion_album)=Generator (Bad Religion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_B-52's_(album)=The B-52's (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reign_in_Blood=Reign in Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Against_I=I Against I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Superhits!=International Superhits!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffer_(album)=Suffer (Bad Religion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Company_(album)=Bad Company (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Dice=No Dice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Sea_Skiving=Deep Sea Skiving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Band_(album)=The Band (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Gon'=Stone Gon'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licensed_to_Ill=Licensed to Ill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnite_Vultures=Midnite Vultures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul's_Boutique=Paul's Boutique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutations_(Beck_album)=Mutations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockin'_the_Suburbs=Rockin' the Suburbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Change_(album)=Sea Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_City_(album)=Radio City (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Song_Contest_2002=Eurovision Song Contest 2002
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimrod_(album)=Nimrod (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenanigans_(album)=Shenanigans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_with_the_Taxman_About_Poetry=Talking with the Taxman about Poetry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebel_Yell_(album)=Rebel Yell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dysfunction_(album)=Dysfunction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warning_(Green_Day_album)=Warning (album Green Day)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_Your_Money_Maker_(album)=Shake Your Money Maker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Feelgood_(album)=Dr. Feelgood (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinkerton_(album)=Pinkerton (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Rentals=Return of the Rentals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rancid_(2000_album)=Rancid (2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Song_Contest_2001=Eurovision Song Contest 2001
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Song_Contest_2000=Eurovision Song Contest 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_Reality=Master of Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chill_Out_(Black_Uhuru_album)=Chill Out (Black Uhuru)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mos_Def_&_Talib_Kweli_Are_Black_Star=Mos Def & Talib Kweli are Black Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Faith_(Blind_Faith_album)=Blind Faith (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Melon_(album)=Blind Melon (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_Is_Father_to_the_Man=Child Is Father to the Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincebus_Eruptum=Vincebus Eruptum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallel_Lines=Parallel Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_(Blues_Traveler_album)=Four (Blues Traveler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Life_Is_Rubbish=Modern Life Is Rubbish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnin'_(The_Wailers_album)=Burnin' (The Wailers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blonde_on_Blonde=Blonde on Blonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Bullet=Live Bullet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_a_Fire=Catch a Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringing_It_All_Back_Home=Bringing It All Back Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_of_Time_(album)=Nick of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Onions_(album)=Green Onions (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excitable_Boy=Excitable Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opiate_(EP)=Opiate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undertow_(Tool_album)=Undertow (Tool)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_(album)=Boston (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_in_the_Ruts=Night in the Ruts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Pistol=Silver Pistol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Springfield_Again=Buffalo Springfield Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Green_World=Another Green World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Run=Born to Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Til_Shiloh='Til Shiloh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberation_(Bunny_Wailer_album)=Liberation (Bunny Wailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voodoo_(D'Angelo_album)=Voodoo (D'Angelo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blank_Generation_(album)=Blank Generation (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Rights_(album)=Animal Rights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Days_(Coal_Chamber_album)=Dark Days (Coal Chamber)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vapor_Trails=Vapor Trails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Piper_at_the_Gates_of_Dawn=The Piper at the Gates of Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_You_Were_Here_(Pink_Floyd_album)=Wish You Were Here (album Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Halen_(album)=Van Halen (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Halen_II=Van Halen II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_in_the_Body_of_a_White_Girl=Trapped in the Body of a White Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail_to_the_Thief=Hail to the Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drill_(EP)=Drill (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_World's_a_Stage_(album)=All the World's a Stage (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_the_Hills=Man in the Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixteen_Stone=Sixteen Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.L.E._(Extinction_Level_Event):_The_Final_World_Front=E.L.E. (Extinction Level Event): The Final World Front
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slim_Shady_EP=The Slim Shady EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astral_Weeks=Astral Weeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_of_Heaven=South of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clandestine_(album)=Clandestine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_an_Ever_Flowing_Stream=Like an Ever Flowing Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achtung_Baby=Achtung Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulgar_Display_of_Power=Vulgar Display of Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocket_Full_of_Kryptonite=Pocket Full of Kryptonite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kissing_to_Be_Clever=Kissing to Be Clever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Dreams_(Are_Made_of_This)_(album)=Sweet Dreams (Are Made of This) (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power,_Corruption_&_Lies=Power, Corruption & Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_or_Wrong_(George_Strait_album)=Right or Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Flood=Texas Flood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_'Em_All=Kill 'Em All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_of_Choice_(album)=Freedom of Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Adventures_of_Slick_Rick=The Great Adventures of Slick Rick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigga_Please=Nigga Please
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supreme_Clientele=Supreme Clientele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pump_Up_the_Valuum=Pump Up the Valuum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dire_Straits_(album)=Dire Straits (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gish=Gish (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_New_York_City,_1967=Live from New York City, 1967
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_(LL_Cool_J_album)=Radio (LL Cool J)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doggystyle=Doggystyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foot_Loose_&_Fancy_Free=Foot Loose & Fancy Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_on_the_Town_(Rod_Stewart_album)=A Night on the Town (Rod Stewart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blondes_Have_More_Fun=Blondes Have More Fun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Crossing=Atlantic Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurse_(album)=Nurse (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troublegum=Troublegum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infernal_Love=Infernal Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semi-Detached_(album)=Semi-Detached
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audioslave_(album)=Audioslave (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_(Y&T_album)=Ten (Y&T)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_(Pearl_Jam_album)=Ten (Pearl Jam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Done_by_the_Forces_of_Nature=Done by the Forces of Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Hail_the_Queen=All Hail the Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Mr._Nice_Guy_(Gang_Starr_album)=No More Mr. Nice Guy (Gang Starr)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Anger=St. Anger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Awaits=Hell Awaits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Hates_Us_All=God Hates Us All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decade_of_Aggression=Decade of Aggression
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cats_(musical)=Cats (musical)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Action_Park=At Action Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1000_Hurts=1000 Hurts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damned_Damned_Damned=Damned Damned Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lull_(EP)=Lull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pisces_Iscariot=Pisces Iscariot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siamese_Dream=Siamese Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellon_Collie_and_the_Infinite_Sadness=Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meantime_(album)=Meantime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Annoying=Born Annoying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aftertaste_(album)=Aftertaste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incesticide=Incesticide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_the_411%3F=What's the 411?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleach_(Nirvana_album)=Bleach (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_(album)=Quebec (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Get_Free=Let's Get Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Fruit_for_Rotting_Vegetables=Fresh Fruit for Rotting Vegetables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans-Europe_Express_(album)=Trans Europe Express (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_Against_the_World=Me Against the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_to_Die=Ready to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fugazi_(album)=Fugazi (Marillion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clutching_at_Straws=Clutching at Straws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misplaced_Childhood=Misplaced Childhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_(Marillion_album)=Brave (Marillion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru's_Jazzmatazz,_Vol._1=Jazzmatazz, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhyme_Pays=Rhyme Pays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_(Jeff_Beck_album)=Wired (Jeff Beck)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blow_by_Blow=Blow by Blow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Mega_Therion_(album)=To Mega Therion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shameless_(album)=Shameless (Therapy?)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaos_A.D.=Chaos A.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_or_Just_Breathing=Alive or Just Breathing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live/Dead=Live/Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Empire_(album)=Evil Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roots_(Sepultura_album)=Roots (Sepultura)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screaming_Life/Fopp=Screaming Life/Fopp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superunknown=Superunknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badmotorfinger=Badmotorfinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euphoria_Morning=Euphoria Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapeze_(1975_album)=Trapeze (1975)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mest_(album)=Mest (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mind_Is_a_Terrible_Thing_to_Taste=The Mind Is a Terrible Thing to Taste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psalm_69:_The_Way_to_Succeed_and_the_Way_to_Suck_Eggs=Psalm 69
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korn_(album)=Korn (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Hate_Machine=Pretty Hate Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dry_as_a_Bone/Rehab_Doll=Dry As a Bone/Rehab Doll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nocturne_(Siouxsie_and_the_Banshees_album)=Nocturne (Siouxsie and the Banshees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penis_Envy_(album)=Penis Envy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(_)_(album)=( )
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartwork=Heartwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Up_and_Smell_the..._Carcass=Wake Up and Smell the...Carcass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Might_Be_Wrong:_Live_Recordings=I Might Be Wrong - Live Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Every_Street=On Every Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Movies=Making Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthbound_(The_5th_Dimension_album)=Earthbound (The Fifth Dimension)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Wood_(In_the_Shadow_of_the_Valley_of_Death)=Holy Wood (In the Shadow of the Valley of Death)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Breath_You_Take:_The_Singles=Every Breath You Take: the Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenyatta_Mondatta=Zenyatta Mondatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Sharp!_(Joe_Jackson_album)=Look Sharp! (Joe Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggatta_de_Blanc=Reggatta de Blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cars_(album)=The Cars (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Star_of_the_Sea_(album)=Mary Star of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Before_1984=Best Before 1984
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Song_Contest_2004=Eurovision Song Contest 2004
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candyass=Candyass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/14:59=14:59
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J-Tull_Dot_Com=J-Tull Dot Com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issues_(Korn_album)=Issues (Korn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Martin_(1999_album)=Ricky Martin (1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Side_of_the_Spoon=Dark Side of the Spoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facelift_(album)=Facelift (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobilize_(Anti-Flag_album)=Mobilize (Anti-Flag)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_Peachy=Life Is Peachy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_the_Leader_(Korn_album)=Follow the Leader (Korn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine_(John_Lennon_album)=Imagine (album John Lennon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Time_in_New_York_City=Some Time in New York City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Ladyland=Electric Ladyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Games_(John_Lennon_album)=Mind Games (album John Lennon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Intervention_(album)=Divine Intervention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_on_These_Roads=Stay on These Roads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regaining_Unconsciousness=Regaining Unconsciousness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Surprises/Running_from_Demons=No Surprises/Running from Demons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doolittle_(album)=Doolittle (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfer_Rosa=Surfer Rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Skin=Celebrity Skin (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullhead_(album)=Bullhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Good_Boy_Deserves_Fudge=Every Good Boy Deserves Fudge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation:_Mindcrime=Operation: Mindcrime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violator_(album)=Violator (Depeche Mode)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivid_(Living_Colour_album)=Vivid (Living Colour)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lita_(album)=Lita (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine_Head_(album)=Machine Head (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailing_the_Seas_of_Cheese=Sailing the Seas of Cheese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigo_Girls_(album)=Indigo Girls (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyromania_(album)=Pyromania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joshua_Tree=The Joshua Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Thing_(Faith_No_More_album)=The Real Thing (Faith No More)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Do_Not_Want_What_I_Haven't_Got=I Do Not Want What I Haven't Got
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstar_Car_Wash=Superstar Car Wash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Scratch_Fever=Cat Scratch Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_(Usher_album)=Confessions (Usher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havin'_a_Bad_Day=Havin' a Bad Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shampoohorn=Shampoohorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automatic_(Dweezil_Zappa_album)=Automatic (Dweezil Zappa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strays_(Jane's_Addiction_album)=Strays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Force=Rising Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_West_Was_Won_(Led_Zeppelin_album)=How the West Was Won (Led Zeppelin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Henry_(album)=John Henry (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Jacket_Required=No Jacket Required
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Today,_Tomorrow_Next_Week!=Here Today, Tomorrow Next Week!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Led_Zeppelin_Boxed_Set=Led Zeppelin (box set)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Led_Zeppelin_Boxed_Set_2=Boxed Set2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Studio_Recordings_(Led_Zeppelin_album)=The Complete Studio Recordings (Led Zeppelin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outrider_(album)=Outrider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Greek=Live at the Greek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deftones_(album)=Deftones (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Car_Button_Cloth=Car Button Cloth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Games=Little Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_This_(Huey_Lewis_and_the_News_album)=Picture This (Huey Lewis and the News)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maiden_England=Maiden England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak_of_the_Devil_(Ozzy_Osbourne_album)=Speak of the Devil (Ozzy Osbourne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punk_in_Drublic=Punk in Drublic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_into_Clarksdale=Walking into Clarksdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smeared=Smeared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_Removed=Twice Removed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Chord_to_Another=One Chord to Another
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Nights_at_the_Palais_Royale=4 Nights at the Palais Royale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Bridges=Between the Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Together=Pretty Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roots_to_Branches=Roots to Branches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Being_(album)=Human Being
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nico_(album)=Nico (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defenders_of_the_Faith=Defenders of the Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritual_de_lo_habitual=Ritual de lo habitual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Firm_(album)=The Firm (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demolition_(Ryan_Adams_album)=Demolition (Ryan Adams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreaker_(Ryan_Adams_album)=Heartbreaker (Ryan Adams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_(Ryan_Adams_album)=Gold (Ryan Adams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vs._(Pearl_Jam_album)=Vs. (Pearl Jam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Code=No Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yield_(album)=Yield (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_on_Two_Legs=Live on Two Legs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riot_Act_(album)=Riot Act
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binaural_(album)=Binaural
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_and_After_Science=Before and After Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smile_from_the_Streets_You_Hold=Smile from the Streets You Hold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slappy=Slappy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Northern_Soul=A Northern Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charmed_Life_(Billy_Idol_album)=Charmed Life (Billy Idol)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambient_1:_Music_for_Airports=Ambient 1: Music for Airports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_(The_Cure_album)=Faith (The Cure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_(Spandau_Ballet_album)=True (album Spandau Ballet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_or_Las_Vegas=Heaven or Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lamb_Lies_Down_on_Broadway=The Lamb Lies Down on Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Was=This Was
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Up_(Jethro_Tull_album)=Stand Up (Jethro Tull)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom_Heart_Mother=Atom Heart Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nylon_Curtain=The Nylon Curtain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whoracle=Whoracle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberries_(album)=Strawberries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colony_(In_Flames_album)=Colony (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reroute_to_Remain=Reroute to Remain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Muddy_Banks_of_the_Wishkah=From the Muddy Banks of the Wishkah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirvana_(Nirvana_album)=Nirvana (Nirvana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Arms_to_Hold_You=Eight Arms to Hold You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tea_for_the_Tillerman=Tea for the Tillerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_of_Rape_and_Honey=The Land of Rape and Honey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_the_Jilted_Generation=Music for the Jilted Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experience_(The_Prodigy_album)=Experience (The Prodigy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vs._(Mission_of_Burma_album)=Vs. (Mission of Burma)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fat_of_the_Land=The Fat of the Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Beyond_Driven=Far Beyond Driven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trailer_(album)=Trailer (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experimental_Jet_Set,_Trash_and_No_Star=Experimental Jet Set, Trash & No Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychic_Hearts=Psychic Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foo_Fighters_(album)=Foo Fighters (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colour_and_the_Shape=The Colour and the Shape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Darkness_(Ozzy_Osbourne_album)=Prince of Darkness (Ozzy Osbourne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Go_(Avril_Lavigne_album)=Let Go (Avril Lavigne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rattle_and_Hum=Rattle and Hum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sabbath_(album)=Black Sabbath (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehumanizer=Dehumanizer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Through_the_Night=On Through the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_'n'_Dry=High 'n' Dry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hysteria_(Def_Leppard_album)=Hysteria (album Def Leppard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrenalize=Adrenalize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undisputed_Attitude=Undisputed Attitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slang_(album)=Slang (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZZ_Top's_First_Album=ZZ Top's First Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Grande_Mud=Rio Grande Mud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tres_Hombres=Tres Hombres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Loco=El Loco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Incubus_Attacks_Volume_1=When Incubus Attacks Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roll_the_Bones=Roll the Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relationship_of_Command=Relationship of Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Age_of_Grotesque=The Golden Age of Grotesque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suck_on_This=Suck on This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Read_Music/Speak_Spanish=Read Music/Speak Spanish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_D._James_Album=Richard D. James Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England,_Half-English=England, Half-English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graceland_(album)=Graceland (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumbling_Towards_Ecstasy=Fumbling Towards Ecstasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfacing_(album)=Surfacing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_a_Peach=Eat a Peach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_(Traffic_album)=Traffic (album 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britney_(album)=Britney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Extreme=To the Extreme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mail_on_Sunday_(album)=Mail on Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_Pact_(album)=Action Pact (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commercial_Album=The Commercial Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Stijl_(album)=De Stijl (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_(album)=Elephant (The White Stripes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_the_Century=End of the Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Stripes_(album)=The White Stripes (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Execution_of_All_Things=The Execution of All Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Arcade=Zen Arcade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lie:_The_Love_and_Terror_Cult=Lie: The Love and Terror Cult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe's_Garage=Joe's Garage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CrazySexyCool=CrazySexyCool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_More_Minutes=Seven More Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_of_a_Black_Planet=Fear of a Black Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Marauders=Midnight Marauders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Test=Fight Test
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visions_of_the_Beast=Visions of the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meddle=Meddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bizarre_Ride_II_the_Pharcyde=Bizarre Ride II the Pharcyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_of_an_American_Family=Portrait of an American Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitches_Brew=Bitches Brew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_of_the_World_(album)=News of the World (Queen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretenders_(album)=Pretenders (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remain_in_Light=Remain in Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_of_Death_(album)=Dance of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinventing_the_Steel=Reinventing the Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweetnighter=Sweetnighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Is_Nothing_Left_to_Lose=There Is Nothing Left to Lose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_(Eurythmics_album)=Touch (Eurythmics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cracked_Rear_View=Cracked Rear View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People's_Instinctive_Travels_and_the_Paths_of_Rhythm=People's Instinctive Travels and the Paths of Rhythm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlem_World=Harlem World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Ride=The Dark Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_On_Pilgrim=Come on Pilgrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honeydrippers:_Volume_One=The Honeydrippers: Volume One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Emerson,_Lake_&_Palmer=The Best of Emerson Lake & Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Isle_of_Wight_Festival_1970_(Emerson,_Lake_&_Palmer_album)=Live at the Isle of Wight Festival 1970 (Emerson, Lake & Palmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarkus=Tarkus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Things_Must_Pass=All Things Must Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stillmatic=Stillmatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reasonable_Doubt_(album)=Reasonable Doubt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_de_France_Soundtracks=Tour de France Soundtracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Led_Zeppelin_DVD=Led Zeppelin (DVD)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_a_Pretty_Girl=Not a Pretty Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Road=The Long Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duran_Duran_(1981_album)=Duran Duran (1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Leaves=A Thousand Leaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Moon_Fever=Full Moon Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_Topographic_Oceans=Tales from Topographic Oceans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_'n'_Roll_(John_Lennon_album)=Rock 'n' Roll (John Lennon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Dust_(Faith_No_More_album)=Angel Dust (Faith No More)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_a_Librarian=Tales of a Librarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Angel=No Angel (Dido)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Results_May_Vary=Results May Vary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Momentary_Lapse_of_Reason=A Momentary Lapse of Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Blue=Almost Blue (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Through_This=Live Through This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aeroplane_Flies_High=The Aeroplane Flies High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzeleid=Herzeleid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutter_(album)=Mutter (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Argument=The Argument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Found_Glory_(album)=New Found Glory (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Velvet_Underground_(album)=The Velvet Underground (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_That_Girl_(soundtrack)=Who's That Girl (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_(Peter_Gabriel_album)=Passion: Music for The Last Temptation of Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relayer=Relayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Than_You_Think_You_Are=More Than You Think You Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Miles_and_Runnin'=100 Miles and Runnin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_(album)=Lincoln (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteenth_Step=Thirteenth Step
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_Love=Sacred Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_than_Fiction_(Bad_Religion_album)=Stranger than Fiction (Bad Religion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Use_Your_Illusion_I=Use Your Illusion I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fixed_(EP)=Fixed (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Further_Down_the_Spiral=Further Down the Spiral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_Falling_Apart=Things Falling Apart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolate_Starfish_and_the_Hot_Dog_Flavored_Water=Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starless_and_Bible_Black=Starless and Bible Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeah_Yeah_Yeahs_(EP)=Yeah Yeah Yeahs (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever_to_Tell=Fever to Tell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vauxhall_and_I=Vauxhall and I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin_Death_Trip_(album)=Wisconsin Death Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Zone_(Static-X_album)=Shadow Zone (Static-X)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine_(Static-X_album)=Machine (Static-X)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipop=Antipop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Point!=La storia di Oblio nel paese degli uomini con la testa a punta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Core_(Stone_Temple_Pilots_album)=Core (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Music..._Songs_from_the_Vatican_Gift_Shop=Tiny Music... Songs from the Vatican Gift Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No._4_(album)=No. 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shangri-La_Dee_Da=Shangri-La Dee Da
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_(Stone_Temple_Pilots_album)=Thank You (Stone Temple Pilots)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schizophrenia_(Sepultura_album)=Schizophrenia (Sepultura)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morbid_Visions=Morbid Visions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_(album)=Against
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nation_(Sepultura_album)=Nation (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_(Soulfly_album)=3 (Soulfly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soulfly_(album)=Soulfly (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antichrist_Superstar=Antichrist Superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedtime_for_Democracy=Bedtime for Democracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beware_(EP)=Beware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_on_Fire=Room on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Division_Bell=The Division Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De-Loused_in_the_Comatorium=De-Loused in the Comatorium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garbage_(album)=Garbage (Garbage)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acid_Eaters=Acid Eaters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stone_Roses_(album)=The Stone Roses (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Crimson_Night=One Crimson Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Saucerful_of_Secrets=A Saucerful of Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obscured_by_Clouds=Obscured by Clouds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ummagumma=Ummagumma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Cut_(album)=The Final Cut (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_(EP)=On (Aphex Twin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailing_to_Philadelphia=Sailing to Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Year's_Model=This Year's Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Around_the_Bunker=Rock Around the Bunker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hot_Minute=One Hot Minute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes:_The_Best_of_Pink_Floyd=Echoes: The Best of Pink Floyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_Up_the_Neighbours=Waking Up the Neighbours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilgrim_(Eric_Clapton_album)=Pilgrim (Eric Clapton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journeyman_(album)=Journeyman (Eric Clapton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Cradle=From the Cradle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_over_Gold=Love over Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blink-182_(album)=Blink-182 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unknown_Pleasures=Unknown Pleasures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_18_(album)=Apollo 18 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Light/White_Heat=White Light/White Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loaded_(The_Velvet_Underground_album)=Loaded (The Velvet Underground)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Look_Back_(Boston_album)=Don't Look Back (album Boston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Stage=Third Stage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasers_(album)=Lasers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_and_Bones=Hearts and Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Zone=In the Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scum_(Napalm_Death_album)=Scum (Napalm Death)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_&_Roll_Machine=Rock and Roll Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Seven=Thunder Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5150_(album)=5150 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dummy_(album)=Dummy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Spring_Harbor_(album)=Cold Spring Harbor (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streetlife_Serenade=Streetlife Serenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mer_de_Noms=Mer de Noms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turnstiles_(album)=Turnstiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bat_Out_of_Hell=Bat Out of Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Try_This=Try This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earphoria=Earphoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hormoaning=Hormoaning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Word_of_Mouth_(Jaco_Pastorius_album)=Word of Mouth (Jaco Pastorius)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_Hits_(The_Who_album)=Direct Hits (The Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Check_Your_Head=Check Your Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conscious_Party=Conscious Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother's_Milk=Mother's Milk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soundsystem_(311_album)=Soundsystem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Boy_Named_Goo=A Boy Named Goo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dizzy_Up_the_Girl=Dizzy Up the Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Milenko=The Great Milenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wraith:_Shangri-La=The Wraith: Shangri-La
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soft_Parade=The Soft Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tragic_Kingdom=Tragic Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigger_and_Deffer=Bigger and Deffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factory_Showroom=Factory Showroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrison_Hotel=Morrison Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Freewheelin'_Bob_Dylan=The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Woman=L.A. Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moving_Pictures_(Rush_album)=Moving Pictures (Rush)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_(album)=Victor (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fungus_Amongus=Fungus Amongus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_of_Tom_Joad=The Ghost of Tom Joad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delicate_Sound_of_Thunder=Delicate Sound of Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tubular_Bells=Tubular Bells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_Voices_(The_Doors_album)=Other Voices (The Doors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Prayer=An American Prayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100th_Window=100th Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._1999_Eternal=E 1999 Eternal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_Terrorists=Generation Terrorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquee_Moon=Marquee Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_18_Musicians=Music for 18 Musicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_&_Loud=Live & Loud (Ozzy Osbourne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ozzman_Cometh=The Ozzman Cometh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontanelle_(album)=Fontanelle (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Arsenal=Your Arsenal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_Tank_(Blur_album)=Think Tank (Blur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo'_Money,_Mo'_40z=Mo' Money, Mo' 40z
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_(album)=Boy (U2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_of_Strategic_Influence_(album)=Office of Strategic Influence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_2_Live_Crew_Is_What_We_Are=The 2 Live Crew Is What We Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Gold_Can_Stay_(album)=Nothing Gold Can Stay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rhythm_of_the_Saints=The Rhythm of the Saints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Salad_Surgery=Brain Salad Surgery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_%3F!*@_Like_a_Suicide=Live ?!*@ Like a Suicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G_N'_R_Lies=G N' R Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Time_Around=Last Time Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indestructible_(Rancid_album)=Indestructible (Rancid)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutterflower=Gutterflower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medal_of_Honor:_Frontline=Medal of Honor: Frontline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethal_Injection_(album)=Lethal Injection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sehnsucht_(Rammstein_album)=Sehnsucht (Rammstein)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lichtspielhaus=Lichtspielhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Can_Dance_(album)=Dead Can Dance (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_Misbehavin'_(UFO_album)=Ain't Misbehavin' (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covenant_(UFO_album)=Covenant (UFO)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junta_(album)=Junta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawn_Boy=Lawn Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clash_(album)=The Clash (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheap_Trick_at_Budokan=At Budokan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Aim_Is_True=My Aim Is True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_with_a_Lariat=Angel with a Lariat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_(Gary_Numan_album)=Dance (Gary Numan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Look_in_the_Mirror=Take a Look in the Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotten_Apples=Greatest Hits (The Smashing Pumpkins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_Among_Us=Walk Among Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So-Called_Chaos=So-Called Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunburn_(Fuel_album)=Sunburn (album Fuel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Like_Human=Something Like Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Charlotte_(album)=Good Charlotte (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Picture_of_Nectar=A Picture of Nectar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Car_Wheels_on_a_Gravel_Road=Car Wheels on a Gravel Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_Years_(Kylie_Minogue_album)=Light Years (Kylie Minogue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment!=Entertainment!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever_(Kylie_Minogue_album)=Fever (Kylie Minogue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Language_(Kylie_Minogue_album)=Body Language (Kylie Minogue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kylie_Minogue_(album)=Kylie Minogue (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hits+=Hits+
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_(Triumph_album)=Triumph (Triumph)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Jackson's_Rhythm_Nation_1814=Janet Jackson's Rhythm Nation 1814
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangeways,_Here_We_Come=Strangeways, Here We Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murmur_(album)=Murmur (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meat_Is_Murder=Meat Is Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Album_(Jay-Z_album)=The Black Album (Jay-Z)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_(soundtrack)=Soundtrack from the Film More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_America=The New America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelogue_(The_Human_League_album)=Travelogue (The Human League)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_(U2_album)=Pop (U2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That_You_Can't_Leave_Behind=All That You Can't Leave Behind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Distance_to_Here=The Distance to Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabotage_(Black_Sabbath_album)=Sabotage (Black Sabbath)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nihil=Nihil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharks_(album)=Sharks (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itch_(EP)=Itch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cucumber_Castle=Cucumber Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vol._4_(Black_Sabbath_album)=Black Sabbath, Vol. 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Source_Tags_&_Codes=Source Tags & Codes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...And_You_Will_Know_Us_by_the_Trail_of_Dead_(album)=...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amused_to_Death=Amused to Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerously_in_Love=Dangerously in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Touch=Human Touch (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Town=Lucky Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_(Bruce_Springsteen_album)=The River (album Bruce Springsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_(Foreigner_album)=4 (Foreigner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_'Em_Enough_Rope=Give 'Em Enough Rope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Substance_1987=Substance (New Order)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workingman's_Dead=Workingman's Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_Metal_Symphony=Speed Metal Symphony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pros_and_Cons_of_Hitch_Hiking=The Pros and Cons of Hitch Hiking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immortal_Memory=Immortal Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(What's_the_Story)_Morning_Glory%3F=(What's the Story) Morning Glory?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Beyond=Batman of the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supposed_Former_Infatuation_Junkie=Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Rug_Swept=Under Rug Swept
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan_(album)=Bob Dylan (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terror_State=The Terror State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Grammar=Country Grammar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_(Klaatu_album)=Hope (Klaatu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8:30=8:30
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trompe_le_Monde=Trompe le Monde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Control_(Bad_Religion_album)=No Control (Bad Religion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogg_Food=Dogg Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Up=Give Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signing_Off=Signing Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshimi_Battles_the_Pink_Robots=Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mink_Car=Mink Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tubular_Bells_II=Tubular Bells II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Garbage=Beautifulgarbage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capitol_Punishment:_The_Megadeth_Years=Capitol Punishment: The Megadeth Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Hunters=Head Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_(Neil_Young_album)=Freedom (Neil Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_Is_Forever=End Is Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Side_of_Bob_Dylan=Another Side of Bob Dylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Collection_of_Great_Dance_Songs=A Collection of Great Dance Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_Animals=Mechanical Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Sold_Our_Soul_for_Rock_'n'_Roll=We Sold Our Soul for Rock 'n' Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_in_L.A.=Out in L.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No!=No!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_of_Carnage=Carnival of Carnage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riddle_Box=Riddle Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Pit=Hell's Pit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringmaster_(album)=Ringmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Jeckel_Brothers=The Amazing Jeckel Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damnation_and_a_Day=Damnation and a Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stick_Around_for_Joy=Stick Around for Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life's_Too_Good=Life's Too Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minstrel_in_the_Gallery=Minstrel in the Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/45_or_46_Songs_That_Weren't_Good_Enough_to_Go_on_Our_Other_Records=45 or 46 Songs That Weren't Good Enough to Go on Our Other Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beacon_Street_Collection=The Beacon Street Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Against_the_Soul=Gold Against the Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Version_2.0=Version 2.0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Radio_Tisdas_Sessions=The Radio Tisdas Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souvlaki_(album)=Souvlaki (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permanent_Waves=Permanent Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Under_Pressure_(Rush_album)=Grace Under Pressure (Rush)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Principle_of_Evil_Made_Flesh=The Principle of Evil Made Flesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Specials_(album)=Specials (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geogaddi=Geogaddi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justified_(album)=Justified (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectres_(album)=Spectres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screaming_for_Vengeance=Screaming for Vengeance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Stormrider=Night of the Stormrider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbo_(Judas_Priest_album)=Turbo (Judas Priest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subterranean_(EP)=Subterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunar_Strain=Lunar Strain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trigger_(EP)=Trigger (In Flames)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scoundrel_Days=Scoundrel Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nice_Pair=A Nice Pair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soft_Bulletin=The Soft Bulletin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shania_Twain_(album)=Shania Twain (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up!_(album)=Up! (album Shania Twain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_All_the_Time_(Thursday_album)=War All the Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Use_Your_Illusion_II=Use Your Illusion II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Left_Feels_Right=This Left Feels Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tattoo_You=Tattoo You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Dogs_(album)=Lost Dogs (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormbringer_(album)=Stormbringer (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Both_Worlds_(Jay-Z_and_R._Kelly_album)=The Best of Both Worlds (R. Kelly e Jay-Z)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Works_Volume_2=Works Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello,_I_Must_Be_Going!_(album)=Hello, I Must Be Going!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Cream=Fresh Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Step=In Step
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_(Melissa_Etheridge_album)=Skin (Melissa Etheridge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Wears_White_Sox=Dirk Wears White Sox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motor_Booty_Affair=Motor Booty Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comfort_Eagle=Comfort Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_Nugget=Fashion Nugget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prolonging_the_Magic=Prolonging the Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complex_(album)=The Complex (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireball_Zone=Fireball Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy-O=Candy-O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearls_of_Passion=Pearls of Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Sharp!_(Roxette_album)=Look Sharp! (Roxette)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyride_(Roxette_album)=Joyride (album Roxette)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tourism_(Roxette_album)=Tourism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash!_Boom!_Bang!=Crash! Boom! Bang!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_a_Nice_Day_(Roxette_album)=Have a Nice Day (Roxette)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_Service_(Roxette_album)=Room Service (Roxette)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_Hits=The Ballad Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Bore_Us,_Get_to_the_Chorus!=Don't Bore Us, Get to the Chorus!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pop_Hits=The Pop Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Passion=Dance Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rarities_(Roxette_album)=Rarities (Roxette)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigermilk=Tigermilk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vespertine=Vespertine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Has_the_Right_to_Children=Music Has the Right to Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_to_Remember_(Cyndi_Lauper_album)=A Night to Remember (album Cyndi Lauper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soundtrack_to_Your_Escape=Soundtrack to Your Escape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larks'_Tongues_in_Aspic=Larks' Tongues in Aspic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_More_Car,_One_More_Rider=One More Car, One More Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Mars=Live from Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_to_Shine_(album)=Burn to Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homogenic=Homogenic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_According_to_Gessle=The World According to Gessle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Box=Live Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Start_Something=Start Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soul_Sessions=The Soul Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D-D-Don't_Don't_Stop_the_Beat=D-D-Don't Don't Stop The Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somethin'_Else_(Cannonball_Adderley_album)=Somethin' Else (Cannonball Adderley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recipe_for_Hate=Recipe for Hate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gray_Race=The Gray Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Substance=No Substance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Interstate_Managers=Welcome Interstate Managers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zooropa=Zooropa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_in_A_Minor=Songs in A Minor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_(Janet_Jackson_album)=Control (album Janet Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machina/The_Machines_of_God=Machina/The Machines of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_and_Ever_Amen=Whatever and Ever Amen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Away_with_Me=Come Away with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bona_Drag=Bona Drag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rush_of_Blood_to_the_Head=A Rush of Blood to the Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginos=Imaginos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speakerboxxx/The_Love_Below=Speakerboxxx/The Love Below
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Rain_(album)=Purple Rain (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Japan_(Deep_Purple_album)=Made in Japan (Deep Purple)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machina_II/The_Friends_&_Enemies_of_Modern_Music=Machina II/The Friends and Enemies of Modern Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemstones_(album)=Gemstones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Record_Only_Water_for_Ten_Days=To Record Only Water for Ten Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_Collide_with_People=Shadows Collide with People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Crow_Left_of_the_Murder...=A Crow Left of the Murder...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_(Melissa_Etheridge_album)=Lucky (Melissa Etheridge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laundry_Service=Laundry Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afterglow_(Sarah_McLachlan_album)=Afterglow (Sarah McLachlan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Shit:_Binge_&_Purge=Live Shit: Binge & Purge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmissions_from_the_Satellite_Heart=Transmissions from the Satellite Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_(Enrique_Iglesias_album)=7 (Enrique Iglesias)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_(Jeff_Buckley_album)=Grace (album Jeff Buckley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BareNaked=BareNaked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Go_Bang=Let's Go Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skold=Skold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Do_You_Know,_Deutschland%3F=What Do You Know, Deutschland?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switched-On_Bach=Switched-On Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medusa_(Trapeze_album)=Medusa (Trapeze)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapeze_(1970_album)=Trapeze (1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWIII_(album)=WWIII (KMFDM)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attak=Attak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adios_(KMFDM_album)=Adios (KMFDM)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americana_(The_Offspring_album)=Americana (album The Offspring)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blueprint=The Blueprint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_(Jennifer_Rush_album)=Passion (Jennifer Rush)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_About_Jane=Songs About Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Album=Brown Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_a_Grip=Get a Grip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Works_(Pink_Floyd_album)=Works (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatful_of_Hollow=Hatful of Hollow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunky_Dory=Hunky Dory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabies_(Skinny_Puppy_album)=Rabies (Skinny Puppy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Breathes=Billy Breathes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabbath_Bloody_Sabbath=Sabbath Bloody Sabbath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animositisomina=Animositisomina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/0304=0304
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metamorphosis_(Hilary_Duff_album)=Metamorphosis (Hilary Duff)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorcade_of_Generosity=Motorcade of Generosity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_Over_Sea=Sunrise Over Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smells_Like_Children=Smells Like Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_Tiger_Mountain_(By_Strategy)=Taking Tiger Mountain (By Strategy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_(The_Cure_album)=Wish (The Cure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Are_the_Quarry=You Are the Quarry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Mind=Dirty Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Need_to_Argue=No Need to Argue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Faithful_Departed=To the Faithful Departed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Else_Is_Doing_It,_So_Why_Can't_We%3F=Everybody Else Is Doing It, So Why Can't We?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Layla_and_Other_Assorted_Love_Songs=Layla and Other Assorted Love Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/18_til_I_Die=18 til I Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiley_Smile=Smiley Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunnel_of_Love_(album)=Tunnel of Love (album Bruce Springsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rising_(album)=The Rising (album Bruce Springsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville_Skyline=Nashville Skyline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winning_Days=Winning Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheels_of_Fire=Wheels of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symbols_(album)=Symbols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_or_Die=Fly or Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permission_to_Land=Permission to Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_(Cream_album)=Goodbye (Cream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Unknown_(Bad_Religion_album)=Into the Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Don't_Cry_(The_Cure_album)=Boys Don't Cry (album The Cure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_and_Children_First=Women and Children First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empty_Glass=Empty Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_of_Pray=Birds of Pray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throwing_Copper=Throwing Copper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Hot_Chili_Peppers_(album)=The Red Hot Chili Peppers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretzel_Logic=Pretzel Logic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_(David_Bowie_album)=Reality (David Bowie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthling_(album)=Earthling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xtort=Xtort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_0_Hull_4=London 0 Hull 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_Who_Grinned_Themselves_to_Death=The People Who Grinned Themselves to Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/604_(album)=604 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Young_(Alphaville_album)=Forever Young (album Alphaville)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patience_(George_Michael_album)=Patience (George Michael)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Day_Rising=New Day Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_&_Magic=Light & Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraftwerk_2=Kraftwerk 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraftwerk_(album)=Kraftwerk (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio-Activity=Radio-Activity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Aguilera_(album)=Christina Aguilera (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man-Machine=The Man-Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Was_the_Case=Murder Was the Case (Snoop Dogg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/90125=90125
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_with_Ghosts=Sleeping with Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dirtchamber_Sessions_Volume_One=The Dirtchamber Sessions Volume One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_World=Computer World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mix_(Kraftwerk_album)=The Mix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tone_Float=Tone Float
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_Planet_Dust=Exit Planet Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dig_Your_Own_Hole=Dig Your Own Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrender_(The_Chemical_Brothers_album)=Surrender (The Chemical Brothers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_with_Us=Come with Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_II=Queen II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_'n'_Hers=His 'n' Hers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Hardcore=This Is Hardcore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Different_Class=Different Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Love_Life=We Love Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Flower_Groove=Sonic Flower Groove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screamadelica=Screamadelica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Out_But_Don't_Give_Up=Give Out But Don't Give Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanishing_Point_(Primal_Scream_album)=Vanishing Point (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XTRMNTR=XTRMNTR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegades_(Rage_Against_the_Machine_album)=Renegades (Rage Against the Machine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Rainbow=Live at the Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automatic_for_the_People=Automatic for the People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_from_the_Hip=Shoot from the Hip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Read_My_Lips_(Sophie_Ellis-Bextor_album)=Read My Lips (Sophie Ellis-Bextor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto_IV=Toto IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X_Factor_(album)=The X Factor (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_a_Prayer_(album)=Like a Prayer (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Treaties=Secret Treaties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_(Evanescence_album)=Fallen (Evanescence)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_of_an_Angel=Voice of an Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kick_Out_the_Jams=Kick Out the Jams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirage_(Fleetwood_Mac_album)=Mirage (Fleetwood Mac)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lexicon_of_Love=The Lexicon of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_the_USA_(album)=Back in the USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_God_We_Trust,_Inc.=In God We Trust, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raven_(Lou_Reed_album)=The Raven (Lou Reed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Windows_(album)=Power Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_in_Rio=Rush in Rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkwind_(album)=Hawkwind (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_Your_Fire=Hold Your Fire (Rush)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Show_of_Hands=A Show of Hands (Rush)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presto_(album)=Presto (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filth_Pig=Filth Pig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Fits=Greatest Fits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_the_Music_(Electric_Light_Orchestra_album)=Face the Music (Electric Light Orchestra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Third_Day=On the Third Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ELO_2=ELO 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_World_Record=A New World Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Blue_(Electric_Light_Orchestra_album)=Out of the Blue (Electric Light Orchestra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_(Electric_Light_Orchestra_album)=Discovery (Electric Light Orchestra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Messages=Secret Messages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoom_(Electric_Light_Orchestra_album)=Zoom (Electric Light Orchestra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jar_of_Flies=Jar of Flies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Heroes_(album)=No More Heroes (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_n_Roll_(Ryan_Adams_album)=Rock n Roll (Ryan Adams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Experienced=Are You Experienced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicles_(Rush_album)=Chronicles (Rush)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greendale_(album)=Greendale (Neil Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daily_Operation=Daily Operation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America:_A_Tribute_to_Heroes=America: A Tribute to Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balance_of_Power_(album)=Balance of Power (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Escape_(Blur_album)=The Great Escape (Blur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blur_(Blur_album)=Blur (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_(Blur_album)=13 (Blur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selected_Ambient_Works_Volume_II=Selected Ambient Works Volume II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Here_Now_(album)=Be Here Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_on_the_Shoulder_of_Giants=Standing on the Shoulder of Giants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familiar_to_Millions=Familiar to Millions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counterparts_(album)=Counterparts (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Test_for_Echo=Test for Echo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retrospective_I=Retrospective I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Different_Stages_(Rush_album)=Different Stages (Rush)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Living_Through_Chemistry_(album)=Better Living Through Chemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You've_Come_a_Long_Way,_Baby=You've Come a Long Way, Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfway_Between_the_Gutter_and_the_Stars=Halfway Between the Gutter and the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danzig_III:_How_the_Gods_Kill=Danzig III: How the Gods Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danzig_4=Danzig 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackacidevil=Blackacidevil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6:66_Satan's_Child=6:66 Satan's Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Luciferi=I Luciferi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Hits_from_Hell=12 Hits from Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_Heads:_77=Talking Heads: 77
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_of_Music=Fear of Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Buy_a_Thrill=Can't Buy a Thrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aja_(album)=Aja (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Party's_Over_(Talk_Talk_album)=The Party's Over (Talk Talk)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankee_Hotel_Foxtrot=Yankee Hotel Foxtrot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_My_Life_(album)=It's My Life (album Talk Talk)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colour_of_Spring=The Colour of Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_of_Eden=Spirit of Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airbag_/_How_Am_I_Driving%3F=Airbag/How Am I Driving?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvest_Moon_(album)=Harvest Moon (Neil Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wishmaster_(album)=Wishmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_Fall_First=Angels Fall First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceanborn=Oceanborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countdown_to_Ecstasy=Countdown to Ecstasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonesome_Crowded_West=The Lonesome Crowded West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulse_(Pink_Floyd_album)=Pulse (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormwatch_(album)=Stormwatch (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Fire_(album)=Into the Fire (album Bryan Adams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jethro_Tull_Christmas_Album=The Jethro Tull Christmas Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruelty_and_the_Beast=Cruelty and the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_(Tom_Waits_album)=Alice (Tom Waits)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closing_Time_(album)=Closing Time (Tom Waits)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voodoo_(King_Diamond_album)=Voodoo (King Diamond)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Sympathy=With Sympathy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UAIOE=UAIOE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolution_(album)=Absolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_Lied=Katy Lied
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BYO_Split_Series_Volume_III=BYO Split Series, Vol. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finger_Eleven_(album)=Finger Eleven (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Origin_(Evanescence_album)=Origin (Evanescence)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_This_Skin=In This Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sails_in_the_Sunset=Black Sails in the Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/14_Shades_of_Grey=14 Shades of Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kish_Kash=Kish Kash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennywise_(album)=Pennywise (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handsworth_Revolution=Handsworth Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Future_Passed=Days of Future Passed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_of_the_Mountain_King_(album)=Hall of the Mountain King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Winter_Dead=Dead Winter Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dungeons_Are_Calling=The Dungeons Are Calling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Thorns=Edge of Thorns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streets:_A_Rock_Opera=Streets: A Rock Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_Book=Talking Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mule_Variations=Mule Variations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Valentine_(album)=Blue Valentine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Money_(Tom_Waits_album)=Blood Money (Tom Waits)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Side_Up=Silver Side Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_Saturday_Night=The Heart of Saturday Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nighthawks_at_the_Diner=Nighthawks at the Diner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Coat_of_Paint=New Coat of Paint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Scam=The Royal Scam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildflowers_(Tom_Petty_album)=Wildflowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_(album)=Bad (album Michael Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupi's_Dance=Rupi's Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinite_(Eminem_album)=Infinite (Eminem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veni_Vidi_Vicious=Veni Vidi Vicious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_on_the_Dance_Floor:_HIStory_in_the_Mix=Blood on the Dance Floor: HIStory in the Mix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HIStory:_Past,_Present_and_Future,_Book_I=HIStory: Past, Present and Future - Book I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupelo_Honey=Tupelo Honey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Chapman_(album)=Tracy Chapman (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thoughts_of_Emerlist_Davjack=The Thoughts of Emerlist Davjack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pezcore=Pezcore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaucho_(album)=Gaucho (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franks_Wild_Years=Franks Wild Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bone_Machine=Bone Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Chains_(album)=Alice in Chains (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Time_(Tom_Waits_album)=Big Time (Tom Waits)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Against_Nature=Two Against Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Must_Go_(Steely_Dan_album)=Everything Must Go (Steely Dan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Must_Go_(Manic_Street_Preachers_album)=Everything Must Go (Manic Street Preachers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Hate=Viva Hate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Gotta_Go_There_to_Come_Back=You Gotta Go There to Come Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Word_Gets_Around=Word Gets Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Won't_Wait=Life Won't Wait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Performance_and_Cocktails=Performance and Cocktails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_We_Stand=Where We Stand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Aquarius_(album)=The Age of Aquarius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/..._And_Then_There_Was_X=...And Then There Was X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_by_One_(Foo_Fighters_album)=One by One (Foo Fighters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_My_Truth_Tell_Me_Yours=This Is My Truth Tell Me Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Know_Your_Enemy_(Manic_Street_Preachers_album)=Know Your Enemy (Manic Street Preachers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_(Electric_Six_album)=Fire (Electric Six)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telegram_(album)=Telegram (Björk)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banned_in_the_U.S.A.=Banned in the U.S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Delayed=Forever Delayed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_for_the_Kids=One for the Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Underdog_EP=The Underdog EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Avenue_(album)=Ocean Avenue (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Side_Story_(Squeeze_album)=East Side Story (Squeeze)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_and_Everything_After=August and Everything After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frogstomp=Frogstomp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandinista!=Sandinista!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyday_(Dave_Matthews_Band_album)=Everyday (album Dave Matthews Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_Life_Grand_(Slash's_Snakepit_album)=Ain't Life Grand (Slash's Snakepit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_&_Antarctica=The Moon & Antarctica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alchemy:_Dire_Straits_Live=Alchemy: Dire Straits Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Since_I_Left_You=Since I Left You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_Ones_(Michael_Jackson_album)=Number Ones (Michael Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_You_Ever_Wanted_to_Know_About_Silence=Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon_(Roxy_Music_album)=Avalon (album Roxy Music)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converting_Vegetarians=Converting Vegetarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Bedroom=Imperial Bedroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(Sugababes_album)=Three (Sugababes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jester_Race=The Jester Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Bleed=Let It Bleed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prophecy_(Soulfly_album)=Prophecy (Soulfly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Purgatory=Days of Purgatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stripped_(Christina_Aguilera_album)=Stripped (Christina Aguilera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bowie_(1967_album)=David Bowie (album 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_Television_Commercials=7 Television Commercials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Tupac_Shakur_album)=Greatest Hits (Tupac Shakur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Maiden_(album)=Iron Maiden (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogdens'_Nut_Gone_Flake=Ogdens' Nut Gone Flake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaughter_of_the_Soul=Slaughter of the Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminal_Spirit_Disease=Terminal Spirit Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Tattoo=New Tattoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powerslave=Powerslave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_Walkin'=Trouble Walkin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Position_Please=Next Position Please
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powertrip=Powertrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthems_to_the_Welkin_at_Dusk=Anthems to the Welkin at Dusk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Not_Nobody=Be Not Nobody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocalyptic_Raids=Apocalyptic Raids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Influences=Under the Influences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meteor_Garden=Liu xing hua yuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Hours_(Gary_Moore_album)=After Hours (Gary Moore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euphoria_(Def_Leppard_album)=Euphoria (Def Leppard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Moon,_Dirty_Hearts=Full Moon, Dirty Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frizzle_Fry=Frizzle Fry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Hits_(INXS_album)=The Greatest Hits (INXS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blow_Up_Your_Video=Blow Up Your Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_Child=Century Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Fantasy=Double Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaved_Fish=Shaved Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walls_and_Bridges=Walls and Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Push_Play=Just Push Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_News_for_People_Who_Love_Bad_News=Good News for People Who Love Bad News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_a_Long_Drive_for_Someone_with_Nothing_to_Think_About=This Is a Long Drive for Someone with Nothing to Think About
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Just_Can't_Stop_It=I Just Can't Stop It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Either/Or_(album)=Either/Or
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Nurse=Sonic Nurse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_III_(Queen_album)=Greatest Hits III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reload_(Tom_Jones_album)=Reload (Tom Jones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impossible_Princess=Impossible Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamtime_(The_Cult_album)=Dreamtime (The Cult)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_in_the_Other_Room=The Girl in the Other Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kylie_(album)=Kylie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enjoy_Yourself_(Kylie_Minogue_album)=Enjoy Yourself (Kylie Minogue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_of_Love_(Kylie_Minogue_album)=Rhythm of Love (Kylie Minogue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Get_to_It=Let's Get to It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intimate_and_Live_(album)=Intimate and Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Case_You_Didn't_Feel_Like_Showing_Up=In Case You Didn't Feel Like Showing Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Planet=Wild Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Uncle=Kill Uncle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smiths_(album)=The Smiths (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Freezes_Over=Hell Freezes Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Ferdinand_(album)=Franz Ferdinand (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Time_(album)=Out of Time (R.E.M.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_(R.E.M._album)=Monster (R.E.M.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Your_Friends=Pet Your Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unleashed_Memories=Unleashed Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_on_the_Upside=Down on the Upside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passenger_(Passenger_album)=Passenger (Passenger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Empire_Strikes_First=The Empire Strikes First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastacia_(album)=Anastacia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Tour_on_Earth=The Last Tour on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Blow_Your_Top_(album)=Don't Blow Your Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enter_(Within_Temptation_album)=Enter (Within Temptation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_&_Rare_(Rage_Against_the_Machine_album)=Live & Rare (Rage Against the Machine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tical_2000:_Judgement_Day=Tical 2000: Judgement Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tical_(album)=Tical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archetype_(Fear_Factory_album)=Archetype
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-Sides=A-Sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isolation_(Toto_album)=Isolation (Toto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuatro_Caminos=Cuatro Caminos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Child_(album)=War Child (Jethro Tull)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benefit_(album)=Benefit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_the_Wood=Songs from the Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ainsi_soit_je...=Ainsi soit je...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mescalero_(album)=Mescalero (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasty_(Kelis_album)=Tasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Table_and_Dreaming=Under the Table and Dreaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Do_Birds_Sing%3F=Why Do Birds Sing?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Me,_Kiss_Me,_Kiss_Me=Kiss Me Kiss Me Kiss Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cure_(The_Cure_album)=The Cure (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_5_Boroughs=To the 5 Boroughs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Stuff=Good Stuff (album The B-52s)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_Thing=Cosmic Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tambu_(album)=Tambu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enjoy_Incubus=Enjoy Incubus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Days_Grace_(album)=Three Days Grace (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bootleg_Series_Volume_1:_The_Quine_Tapes=Bootleg Series Volume 1: The Quine Tapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Screen_to_Your_Stereo=From the Screen to Your Stereo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirens_(Savatage_album)=Sirens (Savatage)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_of_the_Night=Power of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Picture_Tells_a_Story=Every Picture Tells a Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_in_Time_(Iron_Maiden_album)=Somewhere in Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drukqs=Drukqs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_(Tom_Petty_and_the_Heartbreakers_album)=Echo (Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maladjusted=Maladjusted (Morrissey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_Pt._2:_Scenes_from_a_Memory=Metropolis Pt. 2: Scenes from a Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ima_(BT_album)=Ima (Brian Transeau)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1,039/Smoothed_Out_Slappy_Hours=1,039/Smoothed Out Slappy Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevie_Wonder's_Journey_Through_%22The_Secret_Life_of_Plants%22=Journey through the Secret Life of Plants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperado_(Eagles_album)=Desperado (Eagles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satanic_Panic_in_the_Attic=Satanic Panic in the Attic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D12_World=D12 World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicology_(album)=Musicology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Born=Get Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_Wazoo=The Grand Wazoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(Dixie_Chicks_album)=Home (Dixie Chicks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacdafucup=Bacdafucup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_We_Got_Iz_Us=All We Got Iz Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shut_'Em_Down=Shut 'Em Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Was_Written=It Was Written
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheer_Heart_Attack=Sheer Heart Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starsailor_(album)=Starsailor (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_Free=Absolutely Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santana_(1969_album)=Santana (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Potato_Chip=Hollywood Potato Chip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unplugged_(Eric_Clapton_album)=Unplugged (Eric Clapton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Nightside_Eclipse=In the Nightside Eclipse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idle_Moments=Idle Moments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XO_(Elliott_Smith_album)=XO (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodflowers=Bloodflowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October_(U2_album)=October
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Than_Raw=Better Than Raw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Want_One=Want One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portishead_(album)=Portishead (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freak_Out!=Freak Out!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honkin'_on_Bobo=Honkin' on Bobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgiven,_Not_Forgotten=Forgiven, Not Forgotten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_on_Corners=Talk on Corners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Blue=In Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borrowed_Heaven=Borrowed Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABBA_(album)=ABBA (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbreakable_(Scorpions_album)=Unbreakable (Scorpions)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Again_(Black_Sabbath_album)=Born Again (Black Sabbath)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mob_Rules_(album)=Mob Rules (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Remote_Part=The Remote Part
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorillaz_(album)=Gorillaz (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Broken_Windows=100 Broken Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sad_Sappy_Sucker=Sad Sappy Sucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Song_Contest_2005=Eurovision Song Contest 2005
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Weather_(album)=Heavy Weather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progressions_of_Power=Progressions of Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_Forces_(album)=Allied Forces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_Me!_Is_Reinventing_Axl_Rose=Reinventing Axl Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moseley_Shoals=Moseley Shoals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marchin'_Already=Marchin' Already
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_The_Corrs=Best of The Corrs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unplugged_(The_Corrs_album)=Unplugged (The Corrs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_from_the_Modern=One from the Modern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_Wonder=Mechanical Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Atlantic_Drift_(album)=North Atlantic Drift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Wicked_This_Way_Comes_(Iced_Earth_album)=Something Wicked This Way Comes (Iced Earth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trespass_(album)=Trespass (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nursery_Cryme=Nursery Cryme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxtrot_(album)=Foxtrot (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_for_Everything=The Battle for Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentimental_Hygiene=Sentimental Hygiene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Empire_(album)=The Cat Empire (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Release_(Pet_Shop_Boys_album)=Release (Pet Shop Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_Silence=Songs of Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_Power_(Super_Furry_Animals_album)=Phantom Power (Super Furry Animals)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perpetuum_Mobile_(album)=Perpetuum Mobile (Einstürzende Neubauten)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floodland_(album)=Floodland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Fall_Down_(Against_All_Authority_album)=All Fall Down (Against All Authority)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_New_for_Trash_Like_You=Nothing New for Trash Like You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Faces_(1967_album)=Small Faces (1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facing_Future=Facing Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poodle_Hat=Poodle Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Heartache=The End of Heartache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/39/Smooth=39/Smooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Flag=Iron Flag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neon_Ballroom=Neon Ballroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disraeli_Gears=Disraeli Gears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Baby_James=Sweet Baby James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yes_Album=The Yes Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_at_the_Opera_(Queen_album)=A Night at the Opera (Queen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ende_Neu=Ende Neu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Nugent_(album)=Ted Nugent (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronic_Town=Chronic Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckoning_(R.E.M._album)=Reckoning (R.E.M.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fables_of_the_Reconstruction=Fables of the Reconstruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Circus=Metal Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheik_Yerbouti=Sheik Yerbouti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightfoot!=Lightfoot!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selling_England_by_the_Pound=Selling England by the Pound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Ballads=Murder Ballads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Have_the_Facts_and_We're_Voting_Yes=We Have the Facts and We're Voting Yes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Safe:_Best_of_the_Box=Nothing Safe: Best of the Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiastic_Slide=Chiastic Slide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Grand_Don't_Come_for_Free=A Grand Don't Come for Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albedo_0.39=Albedo 0.39
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Where_I_Came_In=This Is Where I Came In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killers_(Iron_Maiden_album)=Killers (Iron Maiden)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2Pacalypse_Now=2Pacalypse Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_of_Crunk=Kings of Crunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Images_and_Words=Images and Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_Mr._Johnson=Me and Mr. Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unplugged_(Alice_in_Chains_album)=Unplugged (Alice in Chains)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(Alice_in_Chains_album)=Live (Alice in Chains)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Alice_in_Chains_album)=Greatest Hits (Alice in Chains)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Who_by_Numbers=The Who by Numbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagan_(album)=Pagan (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Circle_(The_Doors_album)=Full Circle (The Doors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innuendo_(album)=Innuendo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Can't_Dance=We Can't Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louder_Than_Love=Louder Than Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Deuce_Coupe=Little Deuce Coupe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Hair_Day=Bad Hair Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_Worse=Even Worse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Deep_End=Off the Deep End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alapalooza=Alapalooza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_with_Scissors_(%22Weird_Al%22_Yankovic_album)=Running with Scissors (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dare_to_Be_Stupid=Dare to Be Stupid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Weird_Al%22_Yankovic_(album)="Weird Al" Yankovic (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Weird_Al%22_Yankovic_in_3-D="Weird Al" Yankovic in 3-D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_the_Superunknown=Songs from the Superunknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_and_Last_and_Always=First and Last and Always
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_Thing_(album)=Vision Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Girls_Wander_by_Mistake=Some Girls Wander by Mistake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Slight_Case_of_Overbombing=A Slight Case of Overbombing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_The_Vaselines:_A_Complete_History=The Way of The Vaselines: A Complete History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_What's_Next=Wonder What's Next
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Iron_Lung=My Iron Lung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_DJ=The Last DJ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_of_You=Pieces of You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grits_Sandwiches_for_Breakfast=Grits Sandwiches for Breakfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baptism_(Lenny_Kravitz_album)=Baptism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contraband_(Velvet_Revolver_album)=Contraband (Velvet Revolver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undermind_(album)=Undermind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Metal_Opera=The Metal Opera - Part I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_Hits=End Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_and_Hell_(Vangelis_album)=Heaven and Hell (Vangelis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_(Vangelis_album)=Direct (Vangelis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opium_(KMFDM_album)=Opium (KMFDM)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupac:_Resurrection_(soundtrack)=Tupac: Resurrection (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rift_(album)=Rift (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_the_Ghost=The Story of the Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmhouse_(album)=Farmhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Live_One=A Live One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Siket_Disc=The Siket Disc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Room=Round Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoist_(album)=Hoist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usher_(album)=Usher (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(Usher_album)=Live (Usher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8701=8701
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_My_Skin_(Avril_Lavigne_album)=Under My Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bowie_(1969_album)=Space Oddity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measure_of_a_Man_(Clay_Aiken_album)=Measure of a Man (Clay Aiken)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soulful_(Dionne_Warwick_album)=Soulful (Dionne Warwick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Said_Date=No Said Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurt_No_More=Hurt No More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncontrolled_Substance=Uncontrolled Substance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_A.M.=Melody A.M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Smith_(album)=Elliott Smith (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessey_and_Oracle=Odessey and Oracle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfin'_Safari=Surfin' Safari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer:_The_Album=Buffy the Vampire Slayer: The Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Evil_(Black_Sabbath_album)=Live Evil (Black Sabbath)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glorious_Burden=The Glorious Burden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horror_Show_(album)=Horror Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Letters=Dead Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmo's_Factory=Cosmo's Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Construction_Time_Again=Construction Time Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Hard=It's Hard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfin'_U.S.A.=Surfin' USA (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfer_Girl=Surfer Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Nasty=Hello Nasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shut_Down_Volume_2=Shut Down Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach_Boys_Concert=Beach Boys Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unquestionable_Presence=Unquestionable Presence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Collapse=Full Collapse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_(Marvin_Gaye_and_Tammi_Terrell_album)=Easy (Marvin Gaye & Tammi Terrell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Southern_Trendkill=The Great Southern Trendkill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_Proud_of_Ya=Very Proud of Ya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Hell_with_the_Devil=To Hell with the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Train_of_Thought_(Dream_Theater_album)=Train of Thought (Dream Theater)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marbles_(album)=Marbles (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolver_(311_album)=Evolver (311)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_(Queen_album)=Queen (Queen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_at_the_Races_(album)=A Day at the Races
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beach_Boys_Today!=The Beach Boys Today!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach_Boys'_Party!=Beach Boys' Party!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Honey_(album)=Wild Honey (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resolver_(Veruca_Salt_album)=Resolver (Veruca Salt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_(Nightwish_album)=Once (Nightwish)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nastradamus=Nastradamus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Heaven=Made in Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight's_the_Night_(Neil_Young_album)=Tonight's the Night (Neil Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Gold_Rush=After the Gold Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winger_(album)=Winger (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Answer_That_and_Stay_Fashionable=Answer That and Stay Fashionable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigger_than_the_Devil=Bigger than the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sublime_(album)=Sublime (Sublime)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozma_(album)=OZMA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diorama_(Silverchair_album)=Diorama (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_(Pet_Shop_Boys_album)=Very (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disco_2=Disco 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilingual_(album)=Bilingual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightlife_(Pet_Shop_Boys_album)=Nightlife (Pet Shop Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alternative_(album)=Alternative (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_(Moby_album)=Play (Moby)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sticky_Fingers=Sticky Fingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_Power_(Rick_Wakeman_album)=Phantom Power (Rick Wakeman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Is_Important=Hope Is Important
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Highways=Strange Highways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Equation=The Human Equation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Evil_(album)=Dream Evil (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keel_(album)=Keel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_(Pet_Shop_Boys_album)=Please (Pet Shop Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reise,_Reise=Reise, Reise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyranny_and_Mutation=Tyranny and Mutation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Migrator_Part_2:_Flight_of_the_Migrator=Universal Migrator Part 2: Flight of the Migrator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1492:_Conquest_of_Paradise_(album)=1492: Conquest of Paradise (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mask_(Vangelis_album)=Mask (Vangelis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Catalogue=The Catalogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rastaman_Vibration=Rastaman Vibration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaya_(album)=Kaya (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affirmation_(Savage_Garden_album)=Affirmation (Savage Garden)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yine_Sensiz=Yine Sensiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinner_(Drowning_Pool_album)=Sinner (album Drowning Pool)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Keeping_Secrets_of_Silent_Earth:_3=In Keeping Secrets of Silent Earth: 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiral_(Vangelis_album)=Spiral (Vangelis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_Room=The Spirit Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagination_(Brian_Wilson_album)=Imagination (Brian Wilson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flogging_a_Dead_Horse=Flogging a Dead Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Celebration=Black Celebration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak_&_Spell_(album)=Speak & Spell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actually=Actually
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introspective=Introspective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behaviour_(Pet_Shop_Boys_album)=Behaviour (Pet Shop Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discography:_The_Complete_Singles_Collection=Discography: The Complete Singles Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flick_of_the_Switch=Flick of the Switch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Document_(album)=Document (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifes_Rich_Pageant=Lifes Rich Pageant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Letter_Office_(album)=Dead Letter Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_(R.E.M._album)=Up (R.E.M.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Adventures_in_Hi-Fi=New Adventures in Hi-Fi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reveal_(R.E.M._album)=Reveal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gilmour_in_Concert=David Gilmour in Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthology_of_American_Folk_Music=Anthology of American Folk Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Favourite_Headache=My Favorite Headache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buena_Vista_Social_Club_(album)=Buena Vista Social Club (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventh_Son_of_a_Seventh_Son=Seventh Son of a Seventh Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Electric_Castle=Into the Electric Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandy_(album)=Brandy (Brandy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live!_(The_Police_album)=Live! (The Police)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scissor_Sisters_(album)=Scissor Sisters (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trafalgar_(album)=Trafalgar (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_(Def_Leppard_album)=X (Def Leppard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Reich_'n_Roll=The Third Reich 'n Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Available_(album)=Not Available
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck_Stab/Buster_&_Glen=Duck Stab/Buster & Glen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tunes_of_Two_Cities=The Tunes of Two Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_(album)=Holland (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pornography_(album)=Pornography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Top_(album)=The Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_Whispers=Japanese Whispers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galore_(The_Cure_album)=Galore - The Singles 1987-1997
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Head_on_the_Door=The Head on the Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixed_Up_(The_Cure_album)=Mixed Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(The_Cure_album)=Greatest Hits (The Cure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnattens_widunder=Midnattens Widunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_(Vangelis_album)=The City (Vangelis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4-Track_Demos=4-Track Demos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Bring_You_My_Love=To Bring You My Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_This_Desire%3F=Is This Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uh_Huh_Her_(album)=Uh Huh Her (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Hall_at_Louse_Point=Dance Hall at Louse Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Toughest_in_the_Infants=Second Toughest in the Infants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubnobasswithmyheadman=Dubnobasswithmyheadman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaucoup_Fish=Beaucoup Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hundred_Days_Off=A Hundred Days Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Change_the_Weather=Change the Weather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underneath_the_Radar=Underneath the Radar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ghost_Is_Born=A Ghost Is Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_New_World_(Iron_Maiden_album)=Brave New World (Iron Maiden)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XXX_(ZZ_Top_album)=XXX (ZZ Top)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tejas_(album)=Tejas (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliminator_(album)=Eliminator (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(ZZ_Top_album)=Greatest Hits (ZZ Top)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythmeen=Rhythmeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistaken_Identity_(Kim_Carnes_album)=Mistaken Identity (Kim Carnes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Don_Killuminati:_The_7_Day_Theory=The Don Killuminati: The 7 Day Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vapor_Transmission=Vapor Transmission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punk_Statik_Paranoia=Punk Statik Paranoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We've_Come_for_You_All=We've Come for You All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_(Thursday_album)=Waiting (Thursday)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Grand_Olympic_Auditorium=Live at the Grand Olympic Auditorium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Firestorm=Sonic Firestorm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_of_the_Damned=Valley of the Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Gone_(album)=Real Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technique_(album)=Technique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trout_Mask_Replica=Trout Mask Replica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bummed=Bummed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pills_'n'_Thrills_and_Bellyaches=Pills 'n' Thrills and Bellyaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gran_Turismo_(album)=Gran Turismo (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Singin',_Good_Playin'=Good Singin' Good Playin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_in_America_(album)=Living in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_Saturn=Return of Saturn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Candle_(album)=Roman Candle (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low-Life=Low-Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_New_Order=The Best of New Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brotherhood_(New_Order_album)=Brotherhood (New Order)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meltdown_(Ash_album)=Meltdown (Ash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Metal=The Sacrament (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_There_Be_Rock=Let There Be Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_(The_Cure_album)=Show (The Cure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_(The_Cure_album)=Paris (The Cure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beats,_Rhymes_and_Life=Beats, Rhymes and Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remix_&_Repent=Remix & Repent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Meat=Uncle Meat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_by_the_Beatles=Four by The Beatles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_Wheels=Steel Wheels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beethoven's_Last_Night=Beethoven's Last Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Safari=Moon Safari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Lights_Fucked_on_the_Hairy_Amp_Drooling=All Lights Fucked on the Hairy Amp Drooling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_into_Infinity=Falling into Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Change_of_Seasons=A Change of Seasons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awake_(Dream_Theater_album)=Awake (Dream Theater)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Benaroya_Hall=Live at Benaroya Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass_Romantic=Mass Romantic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_of_the_Dark_(Iron_Maiden_album)=Fear of the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garlands=Garlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_to_Earth_(David_Sylvian_album)=Gone to Earth (David Sylvian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Desert_Life=This Desert Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tension_and_the_Spark=The Tension and the Spark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_for_the_Party=Here for the Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Off_the_Search=Call Off the Search
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunger_for_More=The Hunger for More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driving_Rain=Driving Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Last_(Cyndi_Lauper_album)=At Last (Cyndi Lauper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_My_Eyes=Burn My Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_(Yes_album)=Union (Yes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Pads,_No_Helmets...Just_Balls=No Pads, No Helmets... Just Balls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surf's_Up_(album)=Surf's Up (album The Beach Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/15_Big_Ones=15 Big Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_Devil_Run_(album)=Run Devil Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armed_Forces_(album)=Armed Forces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapestry_(Carole_King_album)=Tapestry (Carole King)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Stage_Turbine_Blade=The Second Stage Turbine Blade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_&_off_the_Record=Live & Off the Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Unplugged_(Shakira_album)=MTV Unplugged (Shakira)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Remixes_(Shakira_album)=The Remixes (Shakira)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pies_Descalzos=Pies descalzos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resident_Alien=Resident Alien (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hogyssey=The Hogyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiderland=Spiderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_and_the_Hopeless=The Young and the Hopeless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Life_and_Death=The Chronicles of Life and Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Can_You_Trust%3F_(album)=Who Can You Trust?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_(Dave_Matthews_Band_album)=Crash (Dave Matthews Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Court_of_the_Crimson_King=In the Court of the Crimson King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Long_and_Thanks_for_All_the_Shoes=So Long and Thanks for All the Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_Only_(Bee_Gees_album)=One Night Only (Bee Gees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sunday_(Cypress_Hill_album)=Black Sunday (Cypress Hill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Heart=One Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Day_Has_Come=A New Day Has Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maybe_I'll_Catch_Fire=Maybe I'll Catch Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Wild_(album)=Something Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatebreeder=Hatebreeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Day..._Live_in_Las_Vegas=A New Day... Live in Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Way..._A_Decade_of_Song=All the Way... A Decade of Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._(Light_Album)=L.A. (Light Album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Outnumbered,_Never_Outgunned=Always Outnumbered, Never Outgunned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Madness_(Edguy_album)=Kingdom of Madness (Edguy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vain_Glory_Opera=Vain Glory Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theater_of_Salvation=Theater of Salvation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandrake_(album)=Mandrake (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellfire_Club_(album)=Hellfire Club (Edguy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Down_the_Opera=Burning Down the Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goonies:_Original_Motion_Picture_Soundtrack=The Goonies (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desire_(Bob_Dylan_album)=Desire (Bob Dylan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Train_Coming=Slow Train Coming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Then...=And Then...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slanted_and_Enchanted=Slanted and Enchanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooked_Rain,_Crooked_Rain=Crooked Rain, Crooked Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wowee_Zowee=Wowee Zowee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror_Twilight=Terror Twilight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighten_the_Corners=Brighten the Corners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civilization_Phaze_III=Civilization Phaze III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demolition_Plot_J-7=Demolition Plot J-7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cure_for_Pain=Cure for Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_Sessions=The Sun Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Wake_of_Poseidon=In the Wake of Poseidon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.I.U._Album=M.I.U. Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keepin'_the_Summer_Alive=Keepin' the Summer Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beach_Boys_(album)=The Beach Boys (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat_Rock=Combat Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_K.A.O.S.=Radio K.A.O.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_in_Paradise=Summer in Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rancid_(1993_album)=Rancid (1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Paper=Hotel Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Wraps_(Jethro_Tull_album)=Under Wraps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart-Shaped_Scar=Heart-Shaped Scar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suburban_Sprawl_&_Alcohol=Suburban Sprawl & Alcohol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Petting_Zoo=Heavy Petting Zoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Origin_of_Symmetry=Origin of Symmetry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Machine=Miss Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calculating_Infinity=Calculating Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irony_Is_a_Dead_Scene=Irony Is a Dead Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Army_III:_Ghost_Tigers_Rise=Tiger Army III: Ghost Tigers Rise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outrospective=Outrospective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feed_Me_Weird_Things=Feed Me Weird Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Normal_Daddy=Hard Normal Daddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tango_n'_Vectif=Tango N' Vectif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluff_Limbo=Bluff Limbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunatic_Harness=Lunatic Harness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Pine_Effect=In Pine Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Astronomy=Royal Astronomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilious_Paths=Bilious Paths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beggars_Banquet=Beggars Banquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Their_Satanic_Majesties_Request=Their Satanic Majesties Request
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nouveau_Flamenco_(album)=Nouveau Flamenco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-Fi_Serious=Hi-Fi Serious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Shall_We_Part=No More Shall We Part
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Love_In_(Nick_Cave_and_the_Bad_Seeds_album)=Let Love In (Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_a_Basement_on_the_Hill=From a Basement on the Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FanMail=FanMail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_and_Stripes_Vol._1=Stars and Stripes Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antics_(album)=Antics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abattoir_Blues_/_The_Lyre_of_Orpheus=Abattoir Blues/The Lyre of Orpheus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Core_(Lil'_Kim_album)=Hard Core (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kicking_Against_the_Pricks=Kicking Against the Pricks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Funeral..._My_Trial=Your Funeral... My Trial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry's_Dream=Henry's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boatman's_Call=The Boatman's Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Exit_(Blondie_album)=No Exit (album Blondie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saliva_(album)=Saliva (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Minute_Mile=Four Minute Mile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oranges_&_Lemons_(album)=Oranges & Lemons (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autobiography_(Ashlee_Simpson_album)=Autobiography (Ashlee Simpson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timepieces:_The_Best_of_Eric_Clapton=Time Pieces: Best of Eric Clapton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_System_Has_Failed=The System Has Failed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_Value_(album)=Face Value
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Dream_and_Day_Unite=When Dream and Day Unite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Degrees_of_Inner_Turbulence=Six Degrees of Inner Turbulence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adema_(album)=Adema (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insomniac's_Dream=Insomniac's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lift_Your_Skinny_Fists_Like_Antennas_to_Heaven=Lift Your Skinny Fists Like Antennas to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Riot_for_New_Zero_Kanada=Slow Riot for New Zerø Kanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duran_Duran_(1993_album)=Duran Duran (1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_and_Day_(Joe_Jackson_album)=Night and Day (Joe Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seconds_Out=Seconds Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Structures_from_Silence=Structures from Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamtime_Return=Dreamtime Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles_at_the_Hollywood_Bowl=The Beatles at the Hollywood Bowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_(album)=Republic (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Collection_of_Beatles_Oldies=A Collection of Beatles Oldies (But Goldies!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamming_with_Edward!=Jamming with Edward!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Should_Coco=I Should Coco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_It_for_the_Money=In It for the Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderland_(Erasure_album)=Wonderland (Erasure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supergrass_(album)=Supergrass (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_Other_Planets=Life on Other Planets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pressure_Chief=Pressure Chief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gambler_(album)=The Gambler (album Kenny Rogers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yourself_or_Someone_Like_You=Yourself or Someone Like You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Subconscious_Club=The Great Subconscious Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_in_Me=Paradise in Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocoon_Crash=Cocoon Crash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Happy=Almost Happy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Audio_Sensory_Theater=Visual Audio Sensory Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Peace_in_Toronto_1969=Live Peace in Toronto 1969
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magia_(Shakira_album)=Magia (album Shakira)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacuna_Coil_(EP)=Lacuna Coil (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Reverie=In a Reverie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Title_of_Record=Title of Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castaways_and_Cutouts=Castaways and Cutouts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_Album=Wedding Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfinished_Music_No._2:_Life_with_the_Lions=Unfinished Music No.2 - Life with the Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazooka_Tooth=Bazooka Tooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfinished_Music_No._1:_Two_Virgins=Unfinished Music No.1 - Two Virgins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labor_Days=Labor Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Float_(Aesop_Rock_album)=Float (Aesop Rock)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rum_Sodomy_&_the_Lash=Rum, Sodomy, and the Lash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_of_Youth=Rhythm of Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_Duff_(album)=Hilary Duff (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Red_the_Rose=So Red the Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_(Duran_Duran_album)=Greatest (Duran Duran)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Nite_Alone..._Live!=One Nite Alone... Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band_on_the_Run=Band on the Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_New_York_City=Live in New York City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackwater_Park=Blackwater Park (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tactical_Neural_Implant=Tactical Neural Implant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_the_Mute=Frances the Mute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremulant_(EP)=Tremulant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Boyz_Make_Big_Noize=You Boyz Make Big Noize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juve_the_Great=Juve the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Egg=Back to the Egg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hour_of_Bewilderbeast=The Hour of Bewilderbeast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piece_of_Mind=Piece of Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackout_(Scorpions_album)=Blackout (Scorpions)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_at_First_Sting=Love at First Sting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Amusement=Savage Amusement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidal_(album)=Tidal (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utopia_Parkway=Utopia Parkway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fountains_of_Wayne_(album)=Fountains of Wayne (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Astoria=Live à l'Astoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_I_Learned_About_Ego,_Opinion,_Art_&_Commerce=What I Learned About Ego, Opinion, Art & Commerce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Score_(Fugees_album)=The Score (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronaut_(Duran_Duran_album)=Astronaut (Duran Duran)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relient_K_(album)=Relient K (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Skies,_Broken_Hearts...Next_12_Exits=Blue Skies, Broken Hearts...Next 12 Exits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anatomy_of_the_Tongue_in_Cheek=The Anatomy of the Tongue in Cheek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Lefts_Don't_Make_a_Right...but_Three_Do=Two Lefts Don't Make a Right...but Three Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Trash_Beautiful=White Trash Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europop_(album)=Europop (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Life_(Opeth_album)=Still Life (Opeth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raven_(The_Stranglers_album)=The Raven (The Stranglers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drunken_Lullabies=Drunken Lullabies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swagger_(Flogging_Molly_album)=Swagger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_at_the_Lake=Up at the Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forty_Licks=Forty Licks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Girl=Mystery Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Enslavement_to_Obliteration=From Enslavement to Obliteration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Unlimited=Death Unlimited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Teeth=With Teeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can_Play_These_Songs_with_Chords=You Can Play These Songs with Chords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Fast_for_Love=Too Fast for Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_What_the_Cat_Dragged_In=Look What the Cat Dragged In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Should_Fall_from_Grace_with_God=If I Should Fall from Grace with God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_Sun=Around the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Rats=Hot Rats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S&M_Airlines=S&M Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Rail=Hot Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ophelia_(album)=Ophelia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Talk_About_Love=Let's Talk About Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vegas_(The_Crystal_Method_album)=Vegas (The Crystal Method)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Fuss=Hot Fuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Diver=Holy Diver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_Freshness=Forgotten Freshness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_(album)=The Miracle (album Queen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_(Toad_the_Wet_Sprocket_album)=Fear (Toad the Wet Sprocket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_II_(Queen_album)=Greatest Hits II (Queen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Queen=Classic Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Queen_album)=Greatest Hits (Queen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bad_Guy=Mr. Bad Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Size_Matters=Size Matters (Helmet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Type_of_Thinking_(Could_Do_Us_In)=This Type of Thinking (Could Do Us In)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simpsons_Sing_the_Blues=The Simpsons Sing the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_(Queen_album)=Jazz (Queen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_in_the_Key_of_Springfield=Songs in the Key of Springfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Uplift_Mofo_Party_Plan=The Uplift Mofo Party Plan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abbey_Road_E.P.=The Abbey Road E.P.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freaky_Styley=Freaky Styley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Way=By the Way (album Red Hot Chili Peppers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mentally_Murdered=Mentally Murdered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greed_Killing=Greed Killing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diatribes_(album)=Diatribes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disco_Volante=Disco volante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Ways_to_Bleed_on_Stage=13 Ways to Bleed on Stage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_(album)=Soldier (Iggy Pop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_(Iggy_Pop_album)=Party (Iggy Pop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Buttered_Soul=Hot Buttered Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Like_to_Score=I Like to Score
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_the_Road=Live from the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_No._1=Point No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Great_Reward=Some Great Reward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_and_Day_II=Night and Day II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbey_Road=Abbey Road (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_(Autechre_album)=Amber (Autechre)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LP5=LP5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confield=Confield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draft_7.30=Draft 7.30
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EP7=EP7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sea_(XTC_album)=Black Sea (XTC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Everybody=Love Everybody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kind_of_Magic=A Kind of Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_the_Reaper=Follow the Reaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hate_Crew_Deathroll=Hate Crew Deathroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Grain_(Bad_Religion_album)=Against the Grain (Bad Religion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shootenanny!=Shootenanny!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_(U2_album)=War (U2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisherman's_Blues=Fisherman's Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Done=Damage Done
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Damage=Live Damage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haven_(Dark_Tranquillity_album)=Haven (Dark Tranquillity)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Projector_(album)=Projector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dots_and_Loops=Dots and Loops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decksandrumsandrockandroll=Decksandrumsandrockandroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motherland_(Natalie_Merchant_album)=Motherland (Natalie Merchant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_Leonard_Cohen=Songs of Leonard Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_the_Leader_(Eric_B._&_Rakim_album)=Follow the Leader (album Eric B. & Rakim)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Idiot=American Idiot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mud_Slide_Slim_and_the_Blue_Horizon=Mud Slide Slim and the Blue Horizon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherish_(David_Cassidy_album)=Cherish (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elastica_(album)=Elastica (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyr_(album)=Tyr (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocalypse_Dudes=Apocalypse Dudes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statement_(album)=Statement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Development_(album)=Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_You_Know_It's_True=Girl You Know It's True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(James_Taylor_album)=Greatest Hits (James Taylor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Pocket_(James_Taylor_album)=In the Pocket (James Taylor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Man_Dog=One Man Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dad_Loves_His_Work=Dad Loves His Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JT_(album)=JT (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flag_(James_Taylor_album)=Flag (James Taylor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorilla_(James_Taylor_album)=Gorilla (James Taylor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Why_I'm_Here=That's Why I'm Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Die_Young=Never Die Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Moon_Shine=New Moon Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hourglass_(James_Taylor_album)=Hourglass (James Taylor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_Volume_2_(James_Taylor_album)=Greatest Hits Volume 2 (James Taylor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(James_Taylor_album)=Live (James Taylor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_James_Taylor=The Best of James Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Box=Metal Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pork_Soda=Pork Soda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goats_Head_Soup=Goats Head Soup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crises_(Mike_Oldfield_album)=Crises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_(Billy_Joel_album)=The Bridge (Billy Joel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colour_of_My_Love=The Colour of My Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_&_James=George & James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Bubble:_Part_Four_of_the_Mole_Trilogy=The Big Bubble: Part Four of the Mole Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_&_Eye=The King & Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Innocent_Man=An Innocent Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Front_(album)=Storm Front (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_Dreams=River of Dreams (Billy Joel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Moon=Pink Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Memories=12 Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_Band=The Invisible Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_People's_Songs=Other People's Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neu!_(album)=Neu! (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neu!_4=Neu! 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_a_Blood_Red_Sky=Under a Blood Red Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_These_Crowded_Streets=Before These Crowded Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_Two_Things=Remember Two Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Buttons=Between the Buttons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encore_(Eminem_album)=Encore (album Eminem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_Without_Rain=A Day Without Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brilliant_Trees=Brilliant Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_at_Red_Rocks_with_the_Colorado_Symphony_Orchestra=A Night at Red Rocks with the Colorado Symphony Orchestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Question_of_Balance=A Question of Balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Beautiful_South=Welcome to the Beautiful South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible_Touch=Invisible Touch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex,_Love_and_Rock_'n'_Roll=Sex, Love and Rock 'n' Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesher_(EP)=Hesher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_(Yngwie_Malmsteen_album)=Eclipse (Yngwie Malmsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspiration_(Yngwie_Malmsteen_album)=Inspiration (Yngwie Malmsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstition_(Siouxsie_and_the_Banshees_album)=Superstition (Siouxsie and the Banshees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Straw=Final Straw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_for_Polarbears=Songs for Polarbears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Trick_of_the_Tail=A Trick of the Tail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_It's_All_Over_We_Still_Have_to_Clear_Up=When It's All Over We Still Have to Clear Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Promises=Hard Promises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Petty_and_the_Heartbreakers_(album)=Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Tom_Petty_album)=Greatest Hits (Tom Petty)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrannosaurus_Hives=Tyrannosaurus Hives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hangover_You_Don't_Deserve=A Hangover You Don't Deserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychoderelict=Psychoderelict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Episode_II_(album)=Episode II (Safri Duo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midsomer_Murders=L'ispettore Barnaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homework_(Daft_Punk_album)=Homework (Daft Punk)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Painkiller_(Judas_Priest_album)=Painkiller (album Judas Priest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hounds_of_Love=Hounds of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razorblade_Romance=Razorblade Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Arms,_Your_Hearse=My Arms, Your Hearse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Japan_(George_Harrison_album)=Live in Japan (George Harrison)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud_Nine_(George_Harrison_album)=Cloud Nine (George Harrison)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama_Said_(album)=Mama Said (Lenny Kravitz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Unplugged_(Alanis_Morissette_album)=MTV Unplugged (Alanis Morissette)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Chicago_12.19.98_at_the_United_Center=Live in Chicago 12.19.98
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busted_Stuff=Busted Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotive_(album)=Emotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Ruin_(Ramones_album)=Road to Ruin (Ramones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_in_England=Somewhere in England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Harrison_(album)=George Harrison (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirty_Three_&_1/3=Thirty-Three & 1/3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extra_Texture_(Read_All_About_It)=Extra Texture (Read All About It)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Horse_(George_Harrison_album)=Dark Horse (album George Harrison)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_to_Love_(album)=A Time to Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Democracy=Chinese Democracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empty_Sky=Empty Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_and_Gentlemen_We_Are_Floating_in_Space=Ladies and Gentlemen We Are Floating in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazer_Guided_Melodies=Lazer Guided Melodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Join_the_Army=Join the Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_on_Errorism=The War on Errorism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Loves_a_Happy_Ending=Everybody Loves a Happy Ending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futures_(album)=Futures (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leftism_(album)=Leftism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lean_into_It=Lean into It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bump_Ahead=Bump Ahead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Man=Hey Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Big_(Mr._Big_album)=Mr. Big (Mr. Big)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raw_Blues_Power=Raw Blues Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1999_(Prince_album)=1999 (album Prince)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny_Fulfilled=Destiny Fulfilled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raw_Like_Sushi=Raw Like Sushi (Neneh Cherry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bigger_Biggest:_Greatest_Hits=Big Bigger Biggest: Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Over_It_(album)=Get Over It (Mr. Big)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_and_Hell_(Black_Sabbath_album)=Heaven and Hell (Black Sabbath)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fundamental_Elements_of_Southtown=The Fundamental Elements of Southtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satellite_(P.O.D._album)=Satellite (album P.O.D.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payable_on_Death=Payable on Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You're_Feeling_Sinister=If You're Feeling Sinister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islands_(King_Crimson_album)=Islands (King Crimson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snuff_the_Punk=Snuff the Punk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_(P.O.D._album)=Brown (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizard_(album)=Lizard (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_of_a_Perfect_Pair=Three of a Perfect Pair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirror_Ball_(Neil_Young_album)=Mirror Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noise_from_the_Basement=Noise from the Basement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_to_Believe=The Power to Believe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discipline_(King_Crimson_album)=Discipline (King Crimson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrakattak=Thrakattak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_(Daft_Punk_album)=Discovery (Daft Punk)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits:_My_Prerogative=Greatest Hits: My Prerogative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Theatre_(album)=Paradise Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilroy_Was_Here_(album)=Kilroy Was Here (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bananas_(album)=Bananas (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_(King_Crimson_album)=Red (King Crimson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_with_What_You_Have_to_Be_Happy_With=Happy with What You Have to Be Happy With
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_ConstruKction=Heavy ConstruKction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cut_the_Crap=Cut the Crap (The Clash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absent_Lovers:_Live_in_Montreal=Absent Lovers: Live in Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_San_Quentin=At San Quentin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blindside_(album)=Blindside (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thought_Crushed_My_Mind=A Thought Crushed My Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Songs_(album)=Street Songs (Rick James)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silence_(Blindside_album)=Silence (Blindside)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_a_Burning_Fire=About a Burning Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Polyfuze_Method=The Polyfuze Method
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Mornin'_Stoned_Pimp=Early Mornin' Stoned Pimp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_Without_a_Cause=Devil Without a Cause
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocky_(album)=Cocky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_in_Jazz=Portrait in Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_Rock_(album)=Kid Rock (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Above_(Mad_Season_album)=Above
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Building_Nothing_Out_of_Something=Building Nothing Out of Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survival_of_the_Sickest_(album)=Survival of the Sickest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bad_Example=Mr. Bad Example
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretenders_II=Pretenders II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Only_Rock_'n_Roll=It's Only Rock 'n' Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_Blue=Black and Blue (The Rolling Stones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streetcore=Streetcore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermodel_of_the_World=Supermodel of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Cuts_(Mr._Big_album)=Deep Cuts: The Best of the Ballads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actual_Size=Actual Size
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O,_Yeah!_Ultimate_Aerosmith_Hits=O, Yeah! The Ultimate Aerosmith Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goddamnit=Goddamnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Here_to_Infirmary=From Here to Infirmary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Sweetheart_(album)=America's Sweetheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Dismantle_an_Atomic_Bomb=How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_Steps=Giant Steps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerosmith_(album)=Aerosmith (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Your_Wings=Get Your Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madvillainy=Madvillainy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Within_a_Mile_of_Home=Within a Mile of Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovedrive=Lovedrive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cypress_Hill_(album)=Cypress Hill (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Like_a_Rose=Mighty Like a Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ribbed=Ribbed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Girls=Some Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotional_Rescue=Emotional Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthology_1=Anthology 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthology_2=Anthology 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthology_3=Anthology 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Crate_Art=Orange Crate Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad_(EP)=Baghdad (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Jacksonville=Live at Jacksonville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Crimson_on_Broadway=King Crimson on Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Watch_(album)=The Night Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B'Boom:_Live_in_Argentina=B'Boom: Live in Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Marquee_(King_Crimson_album)=Live at the Marquee (King Crimson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Central_Park,_NYC=Live in Central Park, NYC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthbound_(King_Crimson_album)=Earthbound (King Crimson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitaph_(King_Crimson_album)=Epitaph (album King Crimson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_(album)=Chicago (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyone_Should_Be_Killed=Everyone Should Be Killed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maiden_Voyage_(Herbie_Hancock_album)=Maiden Voyage (Herbie Hancock)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Young_Person's_Guide_to_King_Crimson=A Young Person's Guide to King Crimson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Cap_D'Agde=Live at Cap d'Agde, 1982
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EleKtrik:_Live_in_Japan=EleKtrik, Live in Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_of_the_Road=Ladies of the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beginners'_Guide_to_the_King_Crimson_Collectors'_Club=The Beginners' Guide to the King Crimson Collectors' Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrak=THRAK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrooom=VROOOM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watermark_(Enya_album)=Watermark (Enya)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Historia_(Ricky_Martin_album)=La historia (Ricky Martin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_Loaded=Sound Loaded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Medio_Vivir_(album)=A medio vivir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Martin_(1991_album)=Ricky Martin (1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vuelve_(album)=Vuelve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepherd_Moons=Shepherd Moons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paint_the_Sky_with_Stars=Paint the Sky with Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Memory_of_Trees=The Memory of Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mmhmm=Mmhmm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lest_We_Forget:_The_Best_Of=Lest We Forget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_to_the_President=Letters to the President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mingus_Mingus_Mingus_Mingus_Mingus=Mingus Mingus Mingus Mingus Mingus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embryonic=Embryonic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_G_(album)=Kenny G (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Prayer_for_the_Dying=No Prayer for the Dying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_You_Want_to_Be=Where You Want to Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Aerosmith_album)=Greatest Hits (Aerosmith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_to_Soul_(album)=Soul to Soul (Stevie Ray Vaughan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Couldn't_Stand_the_Weather=Couldn't Stand the Weather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_of_One=Party of One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Our_Heads=Out of Our Heads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_at_the_Opera_(Blind_Guardian_album)=A Night at the Opera (Blind Guardian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Seeds=Live Seeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_at_the_Village_Vanguard=Sunday at the Village Vanguard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skunkworks_(album)=Skunkworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena_(Duran_Duran_album)=Arena (Duran Duran)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Elvenpath=Tales from the Elvenpath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folk_of_the_80s_(Part_III)=Folk of the 80's (Part III)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accident_of_Birth=Accident of Birth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amotion=Amotion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chemical_Wedding_(Bruce_Dickinson_album)=The Chemical Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tattooed_Millionaire=Tattooed Millionaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balls_to_Picasso=Balls to Picasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_for_Me_Brazil=Scream for Me Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Bruce_Dickinson=The Best of Bruce Dickinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circus_(Erasure_album)=The Circus (Erasure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C'mon,_C'mon=C'mon C'mon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_for_Cover_(Gary_Moore_album)=Run for Cover (Gary Moore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Trees_and_Power_Lines=Palm Trees and Power Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Shuffled_His_Feet=God Shuffled His Feet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gilmour_(album)=David Gilmour (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Face_(album)=About Face (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Love_Supreme=A Love Supreme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal_Animation=Liberal Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spleen_and_Ideal=Spleen and Ideal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_Love_and_Hate=Songs of Love and Hate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehab_Doll=Rehab Doll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginations_from_the_Other_Side=Imaginations from the Other Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_into_Trouble_as_the_Sparks_Fly_Upward=Born into Trouble as the Sparks Fly Upward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Within_the_Realm_of_a_Dying_Sun=Within the Realm of a Dying Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Gordon_(soundtrack)=Flash Gordon (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Distortion_(album)=Social Distortion (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_Between_Heaven_and_Hell=Somewhere Between Heaven and Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daft_Club=Daft Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love._Angel._Music._Baby.=Love. Angel. Music. Baby.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Haze_(album)=Purple Haze (Cam'ron)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innervisions=Innervisions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifeblood_(album)=Lifeblood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_in_America=Alive in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Ladies'_Man_(album)=Death of a Ladies' Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prison_Bound=Prison Bound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuesday_Night_Music_Club=Tuesday Night Music Club (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_(Deep_Purple_album)=Burn (album Deep Purple)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milo_Goes_to_College=Milo Goes to College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_(Leonard_Cohen_album)=The Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Scenes_from_New_York=Live Scenes from New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Mourning=Good Mourning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireball_(album)=Fireball (album Deep Purple)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Do_We_Think_We_Are=Who Do We Think We Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polythene_(album)=Polythene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invincible_(Michael_Jackson_album)=Invincible (Michael Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterday_Went_Too_Soon=Yesterday Went Too Soon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_Park_(album)=Echo Park (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comfort_in_Sound=Comfort in Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pisces,_Aquarius,_Capricorn_&_Jones_Ltd.=Pisces, Aquarius, Capricorn & Jones Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_the_Radio_Off=Turn the Radio Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/18_(Moby_album)=18 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_thru_a_Lens=Life thru a Lens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seeds_of_Love=The Seeds of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_XI=Virtual XI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozzmosis=Ozzmosis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Testimony_(Neal_Morse_album)=Testimony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nymphetamine=Nymphetamine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midian_(album)=Midian (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elemental_(Tears_for_Fears_album)=Elemental (Tears for Fears)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Them_or_Us=Them or Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concerto_for_Group_and_Orchestra=Concerto for Group and Orchestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmares_Made_Flesh=Nightmares Made Flesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poses_(album)=Poses (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamland_(Robert_Plant_album)=Dreamland (Robert Plant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagles_(album)=Eagles (1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Border=On the Border
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_These_Nights=One of These Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waka/Jawaka=Waka/Jawaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Heather=Dear Heather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Dreams=Pleasant Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Black_Market_Clash=Super Black Market Clash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagles_Live=Eagles Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_(album)=The Stranger (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/52nd_Street_(album)=52nd Street (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_in_the_Attic=Songs in the Attic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kontsert=Koncert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasies_&_Delusions=Fantasies & Delusions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chunga's_Revenge=Chunga's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Want_Two=Want Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Knows_This_Is_Nowhere=Everybody Knows This Is Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Stars_'n_Bars=American Stars 'n Bars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Beach_(Neil_Young_album)=On the Beach (Neil Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufus_Wainwright_(album)=Rufus Wainwright (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opel_(album)=Opel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infidels_(Bob_Dylan_album)=Infidels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Mercy=Oh Mercy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genuine_(Stacie_Orrico_album)=Genuine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacie_Orrico_(album)=Stacie Orrico (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rank_(album)=Rank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_the_Palaces_Burn=As the Palaces Burn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broadsword_and_the_Beast=The Broadsword and the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Garrett_&_Billy_the_Kid_(album)=Pat Garrett & Billy the Kid (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stankonia=Stankonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solarized=Solarized
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worlds_Apart_(...And_You_Will_Know_Us_by_the_Trail_of_Dead_album)=Worlds Apart (...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_the_Lights_Out=With the Lights Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afrodisiac_(Brandy_album)=Afrodisiac (Brandy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashes_of_the_Wake=Ashes of the Wake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Shame_About_Ray=It's a Shame About Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doobie_Brothers_(album)=The Doobie Brothers (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acrobatic_Tenement=Acrobatic Tenement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In/Casino/Out=In/Casino/Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Odyssey_(album)=Time Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...And_the_Circus_Leaves_Town=...And the Circus Leaves Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Band_You_Never_Heard_in_Your_Life=The Best Band You Never Heard in Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_American_Gospel=New American Gospel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_the_Priest=Burn the Priest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuel_for_the_Hate_Game=Fuel for the Hate Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toulouse_Street=Toulouse Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_and_Counting=Forever and Counting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Captain_and_Me=The Captain and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Were_Once_Vices_Are_Now_Habits=What Were Once Vices Are Now Habits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takin'_It_to_the_Streets_(The_Doobie_Brothers_album)=Takin' It to the Streets (The Doobie Brothers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livin'_on_the_Fault_Line=Livin' on the Fault Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minute_by_Minute=Minute by Minute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Step_Closer_(The_Doobie_Brothers_album)=One Step Closer (The Doobie Brothers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_Tour_(album)=Farewell Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cycles_(The_Doobie_Brothers_album)=Cycles (The Doobie Brothers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brotherhood_(The_Doobie_Brothers_album)=Brotherhood (The Doobie Brothers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibling_Rivalry_(The_Doobie_Brothers_album)=Sibling Rivalry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divided_Highway=Divided Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Won't_Listen=The World Won't Listen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Trash,_Two_Heebs_and_a_Bean=White Trash, Two Heebs and a Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acoustic_(John_Lennon_album)=Acoustic (John Lennon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_and_Son_(album)=Matthew & Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Masters=New Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Bone_Jakon=Mona Bone Jakon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Sky_Valley=Welcome to Sky Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Script_for_a_Jester's_Tear=Script for a Jester's Tear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louder_Than_Bombs=Louder Than Bombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best..._I=Best...I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Best_II=...Best II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Are_You=Who Are You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_of_Rock_(soundtrack)=School of Rock: Music from and Inspired by the Motion Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Against_Bush,_Vol._1=Rock Against Bush, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Against_Bush,_Vol._2=Rock Against Bush, Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drunk_Enough_to_Dance=Drunk Enough to Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldplay_Live_2003=Live 2003
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getz/Gilberto=Getz/Gilberto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailin'_Shoes=Sailin' Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feats_Don't_Fail_Me_Now=Feats Don't Fail Me Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singles_(The_Smiths_album)=Singles (The Smiths)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destroy_What_Destroys_You=Destroy What Destroys You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_Dances=Face Dances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_The_Smiths=The Very Best of The Smiths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_to_Zeros=Heroes to Zeroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/50_Number_Ones=50 Number Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena_(An_Absurd_Notion)=Arena: An Absurd Notion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_(Spock's_Beard_album)=Snow (Spock's Beard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Thing_(Duran_Duran_album)=Big Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.W.A._and_the_Posse=N.W.A. and the Posse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Folsom_Prison=At Folsom Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souls_to_Deny=Souls to Deny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almas_del_Silencio=Almas del silencio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_(album)=So (Peter Gabriel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comalies=Comalies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Life_(Roxy_Music_album)=Country Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Space=Hot Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Dogs=Diamond Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_to_Age=Age to Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fine_Young_Cannibals_(album)=Fine Young Cannibals (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_(Aimee_Mann_album)=Whatever (Aimee Mann)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_with_Stupid_(album)=I'm with Stupid (Aimee Mann)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_No._2_or,_the_Last_Remains_of_the_Dodo=Bachelor No. 2 or, the Last Remains of the Dodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medusa_(Annie_Lennox_album)=Medusa (Annie Lennox)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis_(Genesis_album)=Genesis (Genesis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_&_Wuthering=Wind & Wuthering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Religion_(EP)=Bad Religion (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Could_Hell_Be_Any_Worse%3F=How Could Hell Be Any Worse?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Parallels=True Parallels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypnotize_(album)=Hypnotize (album System of a Down)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_and_Mars_(Wings_album)=Venus and Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laika_Come_Home=Laika Come Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...And_Then_There_Were_Three...=...And Then There Were Three...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AERO=AERO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_Live_(The_Doors_album)=Absolutely Live (The Doors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strait_Country=Strait Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crossing_(Big_Country_album)=The Crossing (Big Country)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Year_and_a_Half_in_the_Life_of_Metallica=A Year and a Half in the Life of Metallica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strait_from_the_Heart=Strait from the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Lifetime,_Vol._1=In My Lifetime, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_in_Mono_(album)=Life in Mono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellalive=Hellalive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Ashes_of_Empires=Through the Ashes of Empires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gabriel_(1982_album)=Peter Gabriel (1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighting_(Thin_Lizzy_album)=Fighting (Thin Lizzy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jailbreak_(album)=Jailbreak (album Thin Lizzy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Reputation_(Thin_Lizzy_album)=Bad Reputation (Thin Lizzy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_the_Fox=Johnny the Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_and_Dangerous=Live and Dangerous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinatown_(Thin_Lizzy_album)=Chinatown (Thin Lizzy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegade_(Thin_Lizzy_album)=Renegade (Thin Lizzy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_and_Lightning_(album)=Thunder and Lightning (album Thin Lizzy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rose:_A_Rock_Legend=Black Rose: A Rock Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parables_for_Wooden_Ears=Parables for Wooden Ears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Does_Fort_Worth_Ever_Cross_Your_Mind=Does Fort Worth Ever Cross Your Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(George_Strait_album)=Greatest Hits (George Strait)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Special_(George_Strait_album)=Something Special (George Strait)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_(George_Strait_album)=7 (George Strait)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Front_Property=Ocean Front Property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Medal_(album)=Gold Medal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Not_Getting_Any...=Still Not Getting Any...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_More_Things_Change...=The More Things Change...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_and_the_Ragged_Tiger=Seven and the Ragged Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_of_Game=The Gift of Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Warning_(Van_Halen_album)=Fair Warning (Van Halen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OU812=OU812
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diver_Down=Diver Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Halen_III=Van Halen III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Unlawful_Carnal_Knowledge=For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greater_of_Two_Evils=The Greater of Two Evils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notorious_(Duran_Duran_album)=Notorious (album Duran Duran)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Kylie=Ultimate Kylie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_the_Masses=Music for the Masses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_the_Promise=Face the Promise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanted_Dead_or_Alive_(Warren_Zevon_album)=Wanted Dead or Alive (Warren Zevon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whammy!=Whammy!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discreet_Music=Discreet Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tango_in_the_Night=Tango in the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Mask_(album)=Behind the Mask (Fleetwood Mac)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dance_(Fleetwood_Mac_album)=The Dance (Fleetwood Mac)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/69_Love_Songs=69 Love Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_(Toni_Braxton_album)=Secrets (Toni Braxton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heat_(Toni_Braxton_album)=The Heat (Toni Braxton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_as_Usual_(Men_at_Work_album)=Business as Usual (Men at Work)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostrophe_(')=Apostrophe (')
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cargo_(album)=Cargo (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orchid_(album)=Orchid (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morningrise=Morningrise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unforgettable_Fire=The Unforgettable Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperfectly=Imperfectly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singles_(Travis_album)=Singles (Travis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_Up_Up_Up_Up_Up=Up Up Up Up Up Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You've_Got_to_Believe_in_Something=You've Got to Believe in Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burial_(Death_in_June_album)=Burial (Death in June)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nada!=Nada!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Care_&_Control=Take Care & Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metamatic=Metamatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceremony_(The_Cult_album)=Ceremony (The Cult)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_When_You're_Winning=Sing When You're Winning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_to_Face_(The_Kinks_album)=Face to Face (The Kinks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siren_Song_of_the_Counter_Culture=Siren Song of the Counter Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peachtree_Road_(album)=Peachtree Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_Home=Leave Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldfinger_(album)=Goldfinger (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hour_by_the_Concrete_Lake=One Hour by the Concrete Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Element,_Part_I=The Perfect Element Part One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entropia_(album)=Entropia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmonium_(Vanessa_Carlton_album)=Harmonium (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hillbilly_Tribute_to_AC/DC=A Hillbilly Tribute to AC/DC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_to_Face_(1996_Face_to_Face_album)=Face to Face (Face to Face)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_in_the_Material_World=Living in the Material World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_on_the_Inside=Pretty on the Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cluster_&_Eno=Cluster & Eno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemonade_and_Brownies=Lemonade and Brownies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coral_Fang=Coral Fang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_(album)=Ram (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...But_Seriously=...But Seriously
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaireeka=Zaireeka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_of_Nowhere_(album)=Middle of Nowhere (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Everyman=For Everyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Accents=Southern Accents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Delivery_(38_Special_album)=Special Delivery (38 Special)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/38_Special_(album)=38 Special (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockin'_into_the_Night=Rockin' Into the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild-Eyed_Southern_Boys=Wild-Eyed Southern Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Forces_(38_Special_album)=Special Forces (38 Special)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_de_Force_(38_Special_album)=Tour de Force (38 Special)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_&_Roll_Strategy=Rock & Roll Strategy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strength_in_Numbers_(38_Special_album)=Strength in Numbers (38 Special)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bone_Against_Steel=Bone Against Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resolution_(38_Special_album)=Resolution (38 Special)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Danger=The New Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_Hour_(album)=Waking Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_(album)=Duke (Genesis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abacab=Abacab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Light,_White_Heat,_White_Trash=White Light, White Heat, White Trash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Sides_Live=Three Sides Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_in_America=Breakfast in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocalypse_91..._The_Enemy_Strikes_Black=Apocalypse 91... The Enemy Strikes Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Songs_Ever_Written_(By_Us)=The Greatest Songs Ever Written (By Us!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_on_a_Beach=Standing on a Beach - The Singles 1978-1985
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panorama_(The_Cars_album)=Panorama (The Cars)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_It_Up_(The_Cars_album)=Shake It Up (album The Cars)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbeat_City=Heartbeat City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_It_Through_My_Eyes=See It Through My Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blurring_the_Edges=Blurring the Edges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deconstruction_(Meredith_Brooks_album)=Deconstruction (Meredith Brooks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Bad_One=Bad Bad One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_(Meredith_Brooks_album)=Shine (album Meredith Brooks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clairvoyance_(album)=Clairvoyance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21_Singles=21 Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hissing_of_Summer_Lawns=The Hissing of Summer Lawns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Internationale_(album)=The Internationale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_(EP)=Fat (Descendents)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Want_to_Grow_Up=I Don't Want to Grow Up (Descendents)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enjoy!_(Descendents_album)=Enjoy!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_(Descendents_album)=ALL (Descendents)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Sucks_(Descendents_album)=Everything Sucks (Descendents)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_After_Dark=Long After Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polka_Party!=Polka Party!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Beautiful_Place_Out_in_the_Country=In a Beautiful Place Out in the Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eponymous_(album)=Eponymous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_to_Be_You=Cool to Be You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twoism=Twoism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Love_and_Death=In Love and Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Used_(album)=The Used (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R&G_(Rhythm_&_Gangsta):_The_Masterpiece=R&G (Rhythm & Gangsta): The Masterpiece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Stones_(album)=12 Stones (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potter's_Field_(album)=Potter's Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wave_of_Mutilation:_Best_of_Pixies=Wave of Mutilation: Best of Pixies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_(Celine_Dion_album)=Miracle (Céline Dion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Blues_Alley=Live at Blues Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_Planet_(album)=Phantom Planet (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine_(Eva_Cassidy_album)=Imagine (Eva Cassidy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boc_Maxima=Boc Maxima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak_(Lindsay_Lohan_album)=Speak (Lindsay Lohan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbound_(Paula_Abdul_album)=Spellbound (Paula Abdul)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alkaline_Trio_(album)=Alkaline Trio (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Luck_Streak_in_Dancing_School=Bad Luck Streak in Dancing School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Envoy=The Envoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transverse_City=Transverse City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Merican='Merican
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Ride's_Here=My Ride's Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_a_Room=Songs from a Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recent_Songs=Recent Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_New_Songs=Ten New Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Your_Man_(Leonard_Cohen_album)=I'm Your Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Various_Positions=Various Positions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Skin_for_the_Old_Ceremony=New Skin for the Old Ceremony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasabian_(album)=Kasabian (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Up_Against_the_Wall=Back Up Against the Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warehouse:_Songs_and_Stories=Warehouse: Songs and Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Punchbowl=Tales from the Punchbowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthquake_Weather_(album)=Earthquake Weather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Ozz=Best of Ozz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riptide_(album)=Riptide (Robert Palmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Ages=All Ages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_Jack=Looking for Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peaks_&_Valleys=Peaks & Valleys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transcendental_Highway=Transcendental Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_@_Work=Man @ Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Capitol_Albums,_Volume_1=The Capitol Albums, Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birth_of_the_Cool=Birth of the Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_That_Kind=Not That Kind (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_Out=Hold Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_of_One=2 of One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_'Em_All=Cliff 'Em All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Donnas_Turn_21=The Donnas Turn 21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spend_the_Night_(The_Donnas_album)=Spend the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_On_(Boston_album)=Walk On (Boston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_in_Waiting_(album)=Lady in Waiting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_It_Back_Alive=Bring It Back Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_on_the_3rd_Floor=Room on the 3rd Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Breathless=I'm Breathless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_(Puffy_AmiYumi_album)=SPIKE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Page_Avenue=Page Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_the_Big_Chair=Songs from the Big Chair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossfade_(album)=Crossfade (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facets_(album)=Facets (Jim Croce)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_&_Ingrid_Croce=Croce (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Don't_Mess_Around_with_Jim=You Don't Mess Around with Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_a_Name=I Got a Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Simpsonic_with_The_Simpsons=Go Simpsonic with The Simpsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repeater_(album)=Repeater (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rings_Around_the_World=Rings Around the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Von_(album)=Von (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_III=Chicago III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_V=Chicago V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_VI=Chicago VI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_VII=Chicago VII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambient_4:_On_Land=Ambient 4: On Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_VIII=Chicago VIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_IX:_Chicago's_Greatest_Hits=Chicago IX - Chicago's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_X=Chicago X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_XI=Chicago XI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Streets=Hot Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_13=Chicago 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_XIV=Chicago XIV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_16=Chicago 16
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_17=Chicago 17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_18=Chicago 18
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_19=Chicago 19
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Tonight=Heaven Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_1=Twenty 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_XXV:_The_Christmas_Album=Chicago XXV: The Christmas Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_(Sonic_Youth_album)=Dirty (Sonic Youth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultravisitor=Ultravisitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Eyeball_in_the_Sky=The Big Eyeball in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Time_Around_(Hanson_album)=This Time Around (album Hanson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_Ecstasy=Technical Ecstasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_of_Entry=Point of Entry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closure_(video)=Closure (Nine Inch Nails)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_for_Squares=Room for Squares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_(Operation_Ivy_album)=Energy (Operation Ivy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Fragile=Not Fragile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeways_(album)=Freeways (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Action=Street Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_n'_Roll_Nights=Rock n' Roll Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Self_Control_(album)=Self Control (album Laura Branigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branigan_2=Branigan 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_Me_(Laura_Branigan_album)=Hold Me (Laura Branigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_(Laura_Branigan_album)=Touch (Laura Branigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Branigan_(album)=Laura Branigan (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nightfly=The Nightfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_the_Bracket=Up the Bracket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo:_Atmospheres_and_Soundtracks=Apollo: Atmospheres and Soundtracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamakiriad=Kamakiriad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_for_the_One=Going for the One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kick_(INXS_album)=Kick (INXS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crest_of_a_Knave=Crest of a Knave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catfish_Rising=Catfish Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pearl_(album)=The Pearl (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creedence_Clearwater_Revival_(album)=Creedence Clearwater Revival (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_River_(album)=Green River (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_and_the_Poor_Boys=Willy and the Poor Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendulum_(Creedence_Clearwater_Revival_album)=Pendulum (Creedence Clearwater Revival)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Europe_(Creedence_Clearwater_Revival_album)=Live in Europe (Creedence Clearwater Revival)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enya_(album)=Enya (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_in_the_Fire=Stand in the Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desertshore=Desertshore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolver_(The_Haunted_album)=REVOLVEr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_Girl_(album)=Chelsea Girl (Nico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrival_(ABBA_album)=Arrival (ABBA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABBA:_The_Album=The Album (ABBA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voulez-Vous=Voulez-Vous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visitors_(ABBA_album)=The Visitors (ABBA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_My_Rocket_to_Come=Waiting for My Rocket to Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Allnighter_(album)=The Allnighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can't_Stand_Still=I Can't Stand Still
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Building_the_Perfect_Beast=Building the Perfect Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleanse_Fold_and_Manipulate=Cleanse Fold and Manipulate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VIVIsectVI=VIVIsectVI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remission_(EP)=Remission (Skinny Puppy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catching_Up_with_Depeche_Mode=Catching Up with Depeche Mode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thursday_Afternoon=Thursday Afternoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_the_Innocence_(album)=The End of the Innocence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Job_(album)=Inside Job (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bites_(album)=Bites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Up_and_Say..._Ahh!=Open Up and Say...Ahh!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Beatles!=Meet the Beatles!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles'_Second_Album=The Beatles' Second Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatles_'65=Beatles '65
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Push_the_Button_(The_Chemical_Brothers_album)=Push the Button (The Chemical Brothers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_in_a_Million_(Aaliyah_album)=One in a Million (album Aaliyah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Rhythms=Crazy Rhythms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOLA_(album)=NOLA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaliyah_(album)=Aaliyah (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheryl_Crow_(album)=Sheryl Crow (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Globe_Sessions=The Globe Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheryl_Crow_and_Friends:_Live_from_Central_Park=Sheryl Crow and Friends: Live from Central Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Sheryl_Crow=The Very Best of Sheryl Crow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Only_Lonely=You're Only Lonely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actual_Miles:_Henley's_Greatest_Hits=Actual Miles: Henley's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_and_Found_(Mudvayne_album)=Lost and Found (Mudvayne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live:_Right_Here,_Right_Now=Live: Right Here, Right Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balance_(Van_Halen_album)=Balance (Van Halen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greater_Wrong_of_the_Right=The Greater Wrong of the Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over-Nite_Sensation=Over-Nite Sensation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCartney_(album)=McCartney (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Both_Worlds_(Van_Halen_album)=The Best of Both Worlds (Van Halen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trilogy_(Yngwie_Malmsteen_album)=Trilogy (Yngwie Malmsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trilogy_(Emerson,_Lake_&_Palmer_album)=Trilogy (Emerson, Lake & Palmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyal_to_the_Game=Loyal to the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Life_(Wings_album)=Wild Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Rose_Speedway=Red Rose Speedway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonna_Make_You_Sweat=Gonna Make You Sweat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_(311_album)=Music (311)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transistor_(311_album)=Transistor (311)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crocodiles_(album)=Crocodiles (Echo & the Bunnymen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Feelings=Golden Feelings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katrina_and_the_Waves_(album)=Katrina and the Waves (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleetwood_Mac_(1968_album)=Fleetwood Mac (1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Wonderful_(Fleetwood_Mac_album)=Mr. Wonderful (Fleetwood Mac)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camera_Obscura_(album)=Camera Obscura (Nico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greyest_of_Blue_Skies_(album)=The Greyest of Blue Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammonia_Avenue=Ammonia Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Iron_Curtain_(album)=Behind the Iron Curtain (Nico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drama_of_Exile=Drama of Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nico's_Last_Concert:_Fata_Morgana=Nico's Last Concert: Fata Morgana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Blue_(Madonna_album)=True Blue (album Madonna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criminal_Minded=Criminal Minded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shangri-La_(Mark_Knopfler_album)=Shangri-La (Mark Knopfler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Foot_in_the_Blues=One Foot in the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brick_by_Brick=Brick by Brick (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_ZZ_Top=The Best of ZZ Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_the_Engineer=Roger the Engineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Rock_Opera=Southern Rock Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gilded_Palace_of_Sin=The Gilded Palace of Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfing_with_the_Alien=Surfing with the Alien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lennon_Anthology=John Lennon Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightbird_(Erasure_album)=Nightbird (Erasure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somery=Somery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_(Damien_Rice_album)=O (Damien Rice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punk_Rock_Songs=Punk Rock Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outside_(David_Bowie_album)=1.Outside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumpy_Gravy=Lumpy Gravy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruising_with_Ruben_&_the_Jets=Cruising with Ruben & the Jets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnt_Weeny_Sandwich=Burnt Weeny Sandwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weasels_Ripped_My_Flesh=Weasels Ripped My Flesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BE_(Pain_of_Salvation_album)=BE (Pain of Salvation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remedy_Lane=Remedy Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12:5=12:5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_On_(Christy_Moore_album)=Ride On (Christy Moore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_1997=Alive 1997
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Cover=On the Cover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi_Infidelity=Hi Infidelity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventeen_Days=Seventeen Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovesongs_for_Underdogs=Lovesongs for Underdogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Creatures=Little Creatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Cheers_for_Sweet_Revenge=Three Cheers for Sweet Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_Space=In Search of Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calling_All_Stations=Calling All Stations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Old_Songs=New Old Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Lilies_Island=White Lilies Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audio_Lessonover%3F=Audio Lessonover?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifehouse_Chronicles=Lifehouse Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Placebo_(album)=Placebo (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven'z_Movie=Heaven'z Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wake_of_Magellan=The Wake of Magellan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Shania_Twain_album)=Greatest Hits (Shania Twain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ill_Communication=Ill Communication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reel_Music=Reel Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_Greatest_Hits_(Beatles_album)=20 Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Will_the_Neighbours_Say%3F=What Will the Neighbours Say?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Milk-Eyed_Mender=The Milk-Eyed Mender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_Miracles=Man of Miracles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Serpent_Is_Rising=The Serpent Is Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Styx_II=Styx II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caught_in_the_Act_(Styx_album)=Caught in the Act (Styx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Paradise_(Styx_album)=Return to Paradise (Styx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_New_World_(Styx_album)=Brave New World (Styx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kick_Inside=The Kick Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.N.T._(album)=T.N.T. (album AC/DC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powerage=Powerage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_and_Omega_(Bizzy_Bone_album)=Alpha and Omega (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creepin_on_ah_Come_Up=Creepin on ah Come Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BTNHResurrection=BTNHResurrection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thug_World_Order=Thug World Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Paige_(album)=Jennifer Paige (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knee_Deep_in_the_Hoopla=Knee Deep in the Hoopla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Protection_(Starship_album)=No Protection (Starship)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_(Live_album)=V (Live)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Raitt_(album)=Bonnie Raitt (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_It_Up_(Bonnie_Raitt_album)=Give It Up (Bonnie Raitt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takin'_My_Time=Takin' My Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Plate_(album)=Home Plate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Forgiveness=Sweet Forgiveness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Light_(Bonnie_Raitt_album)=Green Light (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Lives_(Bonnie_Raitt_album)=Nine Lives (Bonnie Raitt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luck_of_the_Draw_(album)=Luck of the Draw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longing_in_Their_Hearts=Longing in Their Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Tested=Road Tested
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fundamental_(Bonnie_Raitt_album)=Fundamental (Bonnie Raitt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Lining_(album)=Silver Lining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fables_&_Dreams=Fables & Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_of_the_Mountain_Grill=Hall of the Mountain Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retro_Active=Retro Active
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dreaming_(album)=The Dreaming (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cypress_Hill_III:_Temples_of_Boom=Cypress Hill III: Temples of Boom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_After_Death=Live After Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionheart_(Kate_Bush_album)=Lionheart (Kate Bush)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_for_Ever=Never for Ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Yourself_Tonight=Be Yourself Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sensual_World=The Sensual World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Machine=Killing Machine (Judas Priest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stained_Class=Stained Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unleashed_in_the_East=Unleashed in the East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Garden_(Eurythmics_album)=In the Garden (Eurythmics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_(Eurythmics_album)=Revenge (Eurythmics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_(Eurythmics_album)=Savage (Eurythmics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Too_Are_One=We Too Are One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_(Eurythmics_album)=Peace (Eurythmics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madonna_(Madonna_album)=Madonna (Madonna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can_Dance=You Can Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erotica_(Madonna_album)=Erotica (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_of_Light=Ray of Light (album Madonna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_(Madonna_album)=Music (album Madonna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Life=American Life (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finally_Woken=Finally Woken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Dark_Park=Too Dark Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Will_to_Death=The Will to Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_(Jewel_album)=Spirit (Jewel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy:_A_Holiday_Collection=Joy: A Holiday Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Way_(Jewel_album)=This Way (Jewel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Early_Beatles=The Early Beatles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatles_VI=Beatles VI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introducing..._The_Beatles=Introducing... The Beatles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_as_I_Am_(Faith_Hill_album)=Take Me as I Am (Faith Hill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Matters_to_Me=It Matters to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_(Faith_Hill_album)=Faith (Faith Hill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_(Faith_Hill_album)=Cry (album Faith Hill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonite_Lets_All_Make_Love_in_London=Tonite Lets All Make Love in London (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Story=The Whole Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Shoes_(album)=The Red Shoes (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tougher_Than_Leather=Tougher Than Leather (Run DMC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Force=The Silent Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_II:_A_Bustle_in_Your_Hedgerow=Down II: A Bustle in Your Hedgerow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transplants_(album)=Transplants (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anywhere_but_Home=Anywhere but Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steady_Diet_of_Nothing=Steady Diet of Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Oblivion=Sweet Oblivion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Anesthesia=Uncle Anesthesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_War_(Bone_Thugs-n-Harmony_album)=The Art of War (Bone Thugs-n-Harmony)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introduce_Yourself=Introduce Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Woman=American Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/II_(The_Presidents_of_the_United_States_of_America_album)=II (The Presidents of the United States of America)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Hammersmith_Odeon_(Kate_Bush_album)=Live at the Hammersmith Odeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endless_Wire_(The_Who_album)=Endless Wire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernatural_(Santana_album)=Supernatural (Santana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_'n'_Roll_Music_(album)=Rock 'n' Roll Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Journey_album)=Greatest Hits (Journey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_(The_Human_League_album)=Crash (The Human League)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_(Elvis_Costello_album)=Spike (Elvis Costello)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adiemus_II:_Cantata_Mundi=Adiemus II: Cantata Mundi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huey_Lewis_and_the_News_(album)=Huey Lewis and the News (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_(Huey_Lewis_and_the_News_album)=Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fore!=Fore! (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_World_(Huey_Lewis_and_the_News_album)=Small World (Huey Lewis and the News)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Chords_&_Several_Years_Ago=Four Chords & Several Years Ago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plan_B_(Huey_Lewis_and_the_News_album)=Plan B (Huey Lewis and the News)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Warrior=Electric Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Then_Play_On=Then Play On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Modern_Age=The Modern Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand!=Stand!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Libertines_(album)=The Libertines (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_in_Time=Everything in Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Folds_Five_(album)=Ben Folds Five (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unauthorized_Biography_of_Reinhold_Messner=The Unauthorized Biography of Reinhold Messner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Folds_Live=Ben Folds Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Rights_(album)=Last Rights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanderland=Wanderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleidoscope_(Kelis_album)=Kaleidoscope (Kelis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Greco_(album)=El Greco (Vangelis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here,_My_Dear=Here, My Dear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Get_It_On=Let's Get It On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Pirate_Material=Original Pirate Material
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_I_Am_(Melissa_Etheridge_album)=Yes I Am
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Little_Secret=Your Little Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hair_of_the_Hound=The Hair of the Hound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Single_File=The Single File
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funky_Divas=Funky Divas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Doubt_(No_Doubt_album)=No Doubt (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Sessions=First Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatal_Portrait=Fatal Portrait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Roses_for_Me=Red Roses for Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axis:_Bold_as_Love=Axis: Bold as Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_aus_Berlin=Live aus Berlin (Rammstein)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Truly_Western_Experience=A Truly Western Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowland_(k.d._lang_album)=Shadowland (k.d. lang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Torch_and_Twang=Absolute Torch and Twang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_You_Can_Eat_(k.d._lang_album)=All You Can Eat (k.d. lang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drag_(k.d._lang_album)=Drag (k.d. lang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invincible_Summer=Invincible Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hymns_of_the_49th_Parallel=Hymns of the 49th Parallel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Morning,_Changing_Weather=A New Morning, Changing Weather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survival_Sickness=Survival Sickness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flickering_Flame:_The_Solo_Years_Volume_1=Flickering Flame - The Solo Years, Volume One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End...=The End (Nico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Body_&_Soul=Mind, Body & Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movement_(New_Order_album)=Movement (New Order)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Strangers_(album)=Perfect Strangers (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_(Mercyful_Fate_album)=9 (Mercyful Fate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulture_Street_(album)=Vulture Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Jacques=Grand Jacques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quand_on_n'a_que_l'amour=Quand on n'a que l'amour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Bourgeois=Les Bourgeois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Bonbons_(album)=Les Bonbons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Springfield_(album)=Buffalo Springfield (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi_Hi_Puffy_AmiYumi_(album)=Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KKKill_the_Fetus=KKKill the Fetus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Wayne:_Gothom_City_1987=Bruce Wayne: Gothom City 1987
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repentance_(Esham_album)=Repentance (Esham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ne_Me_Quitte_Pas_(album)=Ne me quitte pas (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Turns_Blue=White Turns Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anomalies_(album)=Anomalies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miscellaneous_Debris=Miscellaneous Debris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Your_Girl=Forever Your Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peel_Session_TX_21/07/1998=Peel Session TX 21/07/1998
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixpence_None_the_Richer_(album)=Sixpence None the Richer (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Discontent=Divine Discontent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Phantom=I Phantom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_a_Go-Go=Global a Go-Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Spider=Year of the Spider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Monsters=Paper Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistaken_Identity_(Delta_Goodrem_album)=Mistaken Identity (album Delta Goodrem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_ABBA_Generation=The ABBA Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shades_of_Deep_Purple=Shades of Deep Purple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi_Scores=Hi Scores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Own_Prison=My Own Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toward_the_Within=Toward the Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_in_a_Hard_Place=Rock in a Hard Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Done_with_Mirrors=Done with Mirrors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pump_(album)=Pump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Lives_(Aerosmith_album)=Nine Lives (album Aerosmith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_South_of_Sanity=A Little South of Sanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimson_(Edge_of_Sanity_album)=Crimson (Edge of Sanity)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_000_Hz_Legend=10 000 Hz Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Blowin'=Mind Blowin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dune_(L'Arc-en-Ciel_album)=Dune (L'Arc-en-Ciel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_from_The_Body=Music from "The Body"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ark_(L'Arc-en-Ciel_album)=Ark (L'Arc~en~Ciel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_(L'Arc-en-Ciel_album)=Ray (L'Arc-en-Ciel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gov't_Mule_(album)=Gov't Mule (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Before_Insanity=Life Before Insanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotter_than_July=Hotter than July
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bricolage_(album)=Bricolage (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blur:_The_Best_Of=Blur: The Best Of
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clicked_Singles_Best_13=Clicked Singles Best 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6_Feet_Deep=6 Feet Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_(Bonnie_McKee_album)=Trouble (Bonnie McKee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_of_the_Middle=Left of the Middle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elton_John_(album)=Elton John (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumbleweed_Connection=Tumbleweed Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madman_Across_the_Water=Madman Across the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Shoot_Me_I'm_Only_the_Piano_Player=Don't Shoot Me I'm Only the Piano Player
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Lesion=American Lesion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Yellow_Brick_Road=Goodbye Yellow Brick Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribou_(album)=Caribou (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Fantastic_and_the_Brown_Dirt_Cowboy=Captain Fantastic and the Brown Dirt Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_of_the_Westies=Rock of the Westies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Want_Blood_You've_Got_It=If You Want Blood You've Got It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Madcap_Laughs=The Madcap Laughs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_and_There_(Elton_John_album)=Here and There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reign_of_Light=Reign of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Parade=The Gay Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_on_the_Wall_(AC/DC_album)=Fly on the Wall (album AC/DC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Moves=Blue Moves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonfire_(album)=Bonfire (AC/DC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Single_Man_(album)=A Single Man (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youthquake_(album)=Youthquake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solace_(Xavier_Rudd_album)=Solace (Xavier Rudd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad,_Bad,_and_Dangerous_to_Know_(Dead_or_Alive_album)=Mad, Bad and Dangerous to Know (Dead or Alive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophisticated_Boom_Boom=Sophisticated Boom Boom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'74_Jailbreak='74 Jailbreak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrett_(album)=Barrett (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath..._Between..._Beyond...=Beneath... Between... Beyond...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaled_(album)=Khaled (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_(Sarah_McLachlan_album)=Touch (Sarah McLachlan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solace_(Sarah_McLachlan_album)=Solace (Sarah McLachlan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europa_(Covenant_album)=Europa (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_of_Mind_(album)=United States of Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Your_Fan=I'm Your Fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Light_(Covenant_album)=Northern Light (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stomping_Ground=Stomping Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trinity_Session=The Trinity Session
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Broken_Frame=A Broken Frame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_(Depeche_Mode_album)=Ultra (Depeche Mode)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exciter_(album)=Exciter (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh,_Inverted_World=Oh, Inverted World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listen_Like_Thieves=Listen Like Thieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathless_(Kenny_G_album)=Breathless (Kenny G)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_(album)=Enrique (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Guts_&_Pussy=Blood Guts & Pussy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chestnut_Street_Incident=Chestnut Street Incident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Fool=American Fool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_the_One_(album)=You're the One (Paul Simon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_the_Cycle=Break the Cycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Live_Yardbirds=Five Live Yardbirds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fold_Your_Hands_Child,_You_Walk_Like_a_Peasant=Fold Your Hands Child, You Walk Like a Peasant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermodified_(album)=Supermodified
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Robot_(album)=I Robot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caution_Horses=The Caution Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatlemania!_With_the_Beatles=With the Beatles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Threshold_of_a_Dream=On the Threshold of a Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles'_Long_Tall_Sally=Long Tall Sally (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_from_Our_Home=Miles from Our Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_(Cowboy_Junkies_album)=Open (Cowboy Junkies)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Soul_Now=One Soul Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_the_Cowboy_Junkies=Best of Cowboy Junkies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocketwatch_(album)=Pocketwatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_New_York=No New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furnace_Room_Lullaby=Furnace Room Lullaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Version=Electric Version
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mezmerize_(album)=Mezmerize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wretch_(album)=Wretch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitney_Houston_(album)=Whitney Houston (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frampton_Comes_Alive!=Frampton Comes Alive!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitney_(album)=Whitney (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Your_Baby_Tonight=I'm Your Baby Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Love_Is_Your_Love=My Love Is Your Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Whitney=Just Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariah_Carey_(album)=Mariah Carey (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Wish:_The_Holiday_Album=One Wish: The Holiday Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thankful_(Kelly_Clarkson_album)=Thankful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Ol'_Cowgirl=Little Ol' Cowgirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wide_Open_Spaces=Wide Open Spaces (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_(Dixie_Chicks_album)=Fly (Dixie Chicks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_on_Honorable_Ones!!=Rock on Honorable Ones!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_Reflejo=Mi reflejo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Kind_of_Christmas=My Kind of Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainliner:_Wreckage_from_the_Past=Mainliner: Wreckage from the Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Chaos=From Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biograph_(album)=Biograph (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_U2=The Complete U2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deliverance_(Opeth_album)=Deliverance (Opeth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sad_Wings_of_Destiny=Sad Wings of Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damnation_(album)=Damnation (Opeth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kinks_Are_the_Village_Green_Preservation_Society=The Kinks Are the Village Green Preservation Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Kisses=Sweet Kisses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_the_Bee_Gees=The Very Best of Bee Gees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Bee_Gees=Best of Bee Gees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReJoyce:_The_Christmas_Album=Rejoyce: The Christmas Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Sublime_album)=Greatest Hits (Sublime)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spice_(album)=Spice (Spice Girls)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiceworld_(album)=Spiceworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_(Spice_Girls_album)=Forever (Spice Girls)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100,000,000_Bon_Jovi_Fans_Can't_Be_Wrong=100,000,000 Bon Jovi Fans Can't Be Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavier_Things=Heavier Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Ash_in_a_Digital_Urn=Digital Ash in a Digital Urn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_the_Knack=Get the Knack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destroyer_(Kiss_album)=Destroyer (Kiss)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Who_Dwells_in_the_Secret_Place_of_the_Most_High_Shall_Abide_Under_the_Shadow_of_the_Almighty=She Who Dwells in the Secret Place of the Most High Shall Abide Under the Shadow of the Almighty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_(Duran_Duran_album)=Thank You (album Duran Duran)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Films_About_Ghosts_(The_Best_Of...)=Films About Ghosts (The Best Of...)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recovering_the_Satellites=Recovering the Satellites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endless_Flight=Endless Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_in_a_Fantasy=Living in a Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva!_La_Woman=Viva! La Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_E.P.'s=The Three EPs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_of_Spades_(album)=Ace of Spades (album Motörhead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship_Arriving_Too_Late_to_Save_a_Drowning_Witch=Ship Arriving Too Late to Save a Drowning Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chutes_Too_Narrow=Chutes Too Narrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_Earth_(Ozzy_Osbourne_album)=Down to Earth (Ozzy Osbourne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quaudiophiliac=QuAUDIOPHILIAc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Are_People_(album)=People Are People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poets_and_Madmen=Poets and Madmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Killers=Live Killers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Adventurous=More Adventurous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leftoverture=Leftoverture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monolith_(Kansas_album)=Monolith (Kansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinyl_Confessions=Vinyl Confessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Spirit_of_Things=In the Spirit of Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Never_the_Same_(Kansas_album)=Always Never the Same
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Dog_Night_(album)=Three Dog Night (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adiemus_IV:_The_Eternal_Knot=Adiemus IV: The Eternal Knot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Modern_Dance=The Modern Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_Mass_Destruction=Music of Mass Destruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muswell_Hillbillies=Muswell Hillbillies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nod_Is_As_Good_As_a_Wink..._to_a_Blind_Horse=A Nod Is as Good as a Wink... to a Blind Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Player_(album)=Long Player
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(The_Cars_album)=Greatest Hits (The Cars)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Rip_Off=The Final Rip Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_the_36_Chambers:_The_Dirty_Version=Return to the 36 Chambers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_J._Geils_Band_(album)=The J. Geils Band (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_Invited=Ladies Invited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmares...and_Other_Tales_from_the_Vinyl_Jungle=Nightmares...and Other Tales from the Vinyl Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Island_(album)=Monkey Island (The J. Geils Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctuary_(The_J._Geils_Band_album)=Sanctuary (The J. Geils Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_The_J._Geils_Band=Best of the J. Geils Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Stinks=Love Stinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeze_Frame_(The_J._Geils_Band_album)=Freeze Frame (The J. Geils Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Gettin'_Even_While_I'm_Gettin'_Odd=You're Gettin' Even While I'm Gettin' Odd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaco_Pastorius_(album)=Jaco Pastorius (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Fillmore_(Cypress_Hill_album)=Live at the Fillmore (Cypress Hill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_Flying_Circus_(album)=Monty Python's Flying Circus (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Monty_Python_Rip_Off=The Ultimate Monty Python Rip Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolutions_per_Minute_(Rise_Against_album)=Revolutions per Minute (Rise Against)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Sweat_Blood=We Sweat Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_a_Lion=Born a Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancer_with_Bruised_Knees=Dancer with Bruised Knees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pronto_Monto=Pronto Monto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tindersticks_(1995_album)=Tindersticks (album 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jody_Watley_(album)=Jody Watley (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakaway_(Kelly_Clarkson_album)=Breakaway (album Kelly Clarkson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreigner_(Foreigner_album)=Foreigner (Foreigner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Vision_(Foreigner_album)=Double Vision (album Foreigner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Records_(album)=Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_Provocateur_(album)=Agent Provocateur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Information_(album)=Inside Information (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Moonlight_(album)=Mr. Moonlight (Foreigner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adiemus_III:_Dances_of_Time=Adiemus III: Dances of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_(album)=Michigan (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strong_as_Steel=Strong as Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Ask=Don't Ask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golddiggas,_Headnodders_and_Pholk_Songs=Golddiggas, Headnodders and Pholk Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Gigantic_Lying_Mouth_of_All_Time=The Most Gigantic Lying Mouth of All Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_for_Good=Bad for Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicidal_for_Life=Suicidal for Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_Faith_and_Devotion=Songs of Faith and Devotion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Do_That_on_Stage_Anymore,_Vol._4=You Can't Do That on Stage Anymore, Vol. 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentence_of_Death=Sentence of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idiot_(album)=The Idiot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_(album)=Hotel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_College_Dropout=The College Dropout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Station_to_Station=Station to Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Dance_(David_Bowie_album)=Let's Dance (album David Bowie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodger_(album)=Lodger (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Below_the_Salt=Below the Salt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_into_the_Eyeball=Look into the Eyeball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Be_Free=Just Be Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unwritten_Law_(album)=Unwritten Law (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elva_(album)=Elva (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_to_the_Mourning=Here's to the Mourning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Sun_(Sean_Lennon_album)=Into the Sun (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funky_Monks=Funky Monks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Use_Your_Illusion=Use Your Illusion (raccolta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pernicious_Enigma=The Pernicious Enigma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/666_(Aphrodite's_Child_album)=666 (Aphrodite's Child)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Southern_Harmony_and_Musical_Companion=The Southern Harmony and Musical Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Snakes_and_One_Charm=Three Snakes and One Charm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supertramp_(album)=Supertramp (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indelibly_Stamped=Indelibly Stamped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_of_the_Century_(album)=Crime of the Century (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisis%3F_What_Crisis%3F=Crisis? What Crisis?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_in_the_Quietest_Moments...=Even in the Quietest Moments...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_(Supertramp_album)=Paris (Supertramp)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Famous_Last_Words...=...Famous Last Words...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Where_You_Bound=Brother Where You Bound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_as_a_Bird_(album)=Free as a Bird (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Candy_(Counting_Crows_album)=Hard Candy (Counting Crows)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Things_Never_Change=Some Things Never Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_Everybody_Listening%3F=Is Everybody Listening?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Motion_(Supertramp_album)=Slow Motion (Supertramp)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_of_a_Dog=Ghost of a Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooting_Rubberbands_at_the_Stars=Shooting Rubberbands at the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Metal_(album)=Power Metal (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh,_No!_It's_Devo=Oh, No! It's Devo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_(album)=Celebrity (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcano_(Edie_Brickell_album)=Volcano (Edie Brickell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_for_Christmas_(NSYNC_album)=Home for Christmas ('N Sync)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroads_(Tracy_Chapman_album)=Crossroads (Tracy Chapman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matters_of_the_Heart_(Tracy_Chapman_album)=Matters of the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Beginning_(Tracy_Chapman_album)=New Beginning (Tracy Chapman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telling_Stories=Telling Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Rain_(Tracy_Chapman_album)=Let It Rain (Tracy Chapman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor_(Destiny's_Child_album)=Survivor (album Destiny's Child)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_(John_Cale_album)=Fear (John Cale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who=The Man Who
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concrete_Rose=Concrete Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashanti's_Christmas=Ashanti's Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapter_II_(Ashanti_album)=Chapter II (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashanti_(album)=Ashanti (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Samadhi=Secret Samadhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_(Or_the_Decline_and_Fall_of_the_British_Empire)=Arthur (Or the Decline and Fall of the British Empire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gabriel_(1977_album)=Peter Gabriel (1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_of_the_Underground_(album)=Sound of the Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moontan=Moontan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contraband_(Golden_Earring_album)=Contraband (album 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine_Gun_Etiquette=Machine Gun Etiquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trashed_(album)=Trashed (Lagwagon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moody_Blue=Moody Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Band_on_the_Moon=First Band on the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underneath_(Hanson_album)=Underneath (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As/Is=As/Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrillington=Thrillington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porno_for_Pyros_(album)=Porno for Pyros (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_God's_Urge=Good God's Urge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtains_(John_Frusciante_album)=Curtains (John Frusciante)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfway_to_Sanity=Halfway to Sanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1984_(Van_Halen_album)=1984 (Van Halen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_Mirror=Miracle Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawyers_in_Love=Lawyers in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lives_in_the_Balance=Lives in the Balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Alive_(Jackson_Browne_album)=I'm Alive (Jackson Browne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleed_Like_Me=Bleed Like Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Ride_Home=The Naked Ride Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hullabaloo_Soundtrack=Hullabaloo Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Session_M=Spring Session M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_in_Your_Life=Color in Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Use_Once_and_Destroy=Use Once and Destroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court_and_Spark=Court and Spark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analord=Analord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_(Bob_Seger_album)=Seven (Bob Seger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_Faith_and_Devotion_Live=Songs of Faith and Devotion Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Moves_(album)=Night Moves (Bob Seger & The Silver Bullet Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_in_Town_(album)=Stranger in Town (Bob Seger & The Silver Bullet Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Wind_(album)=Against the Wind (album Bob Seger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bat_Out_of_Hell_II:_Back_into_Hell=Bat Out of Hell II: Back into Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lit_(album)=Lit (Lit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Boi_and_Dre_Present..._Outkast=Big Boi and Dre Present... Outkast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(Erykah_Badu_album)=Live (Erykah Badu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama's_Gun=Mama's Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldwide_Underground=Worldwide Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Garden=The Magic Garden (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_and_Warfare=Passion and Warfare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_of_the_Dragonflame=Power of the Dragonflame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beekeeper=The Beekeeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_and_Blood_(Roxy_Music_album)=Flesh + Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_&_Blood_(Poison_album)=Flesh & Blood (Poison)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_We_Did_on_Our_Holidays=What We Did on Our Holidays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripping_the_Light_Fantastic_(album)=Tripping the Light Fantastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolescents_(album)=Adolescents (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles'_Story=The Beatles' Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Smokin'_Tracks_from_Lit=Five Smokin' Tracks from Lit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Time_(Pennywise_album)=About Time (Pennywise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unknown_Road=Unknown Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandinavian_Leather=Scandinavian Leather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacation_(The_Go-Go's_album)=Vacation (album The Go-Go's)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Breathe_What_You_Can't_See=Never Breathe What You Can't See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_Hunter_(album)=Demon Hunter (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_of_Fire=Birds of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yellow_Album=The Yellow Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_of_Retribution=Angel of Retribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatin'_the_Odds_(Molly_Hatchet_album)=Beatin' the Odds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inner_Mounting_Flame=The Inner Mounting Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youth_(Collective_Soul_album)=Youth (Collective Soul)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_What_Next=The New What Next
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blender_(Collective_Soul_album)=Blender (Collective Soul)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dosage_(album)=Dosage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drops_of_Jupiter=Drops of Jupiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Tall_Sally_(EP)=Long Tall Sally (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_and_the_Witch=The Lion and the Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schizophonic_(Geri_Halliwell_album)=Schizophonic (Geri Halliwell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Cult_Armageddon=Death Cult Armageddon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gift_(Taproot_album)=Gift (Taproot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_(Taproot_album)=Welcome (Taproot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Train_(album)=Blue Train (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Dollar_Bill,_Y'all=Three Dollar Bill, Yall$
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hau_Ruck=Hau Ruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vol._3..._Life_and_Times_of_S._Carter=Vol. 3... Life and Times of S. Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Bye_Lenin!_(soundtrack)=Good Bye, Lenin! (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Step_(Faces_album)=First Step
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coast_to_Coast:_Overture_and_Beginners=Coast to Coast: Overture and Beginners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Colours_(Split_Enz_album)=True Colours (Split Enz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Difficult_to_Cure=Difficult to Cure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Both_Sides=Both Sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Zappa_Plays_the_Music_of_Frank_Zappa:_A_Memorial_Tribute=Frank Zappa Plays the Music of Frank Zappa: A Memorial Tribute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reunion_(Black_Sabbath_album)=Reunion (Black Sabbath)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endtroducing.....=Endtroducing.....
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_Glory_Ride=Into Glory Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawn_Shoppe_Heart=Pawn Shoppe Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_the_Moonlight=Kill the Moonlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_(Spirit_album)=Spirit (Spirit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pod_(The_Breeders_album)=Pod (The Breeders)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphabetical_(album)=Alphabetical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talkie_Walkie=Talkie Walkie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Section=The Golden Section
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Mysterious_Ways=In Mysterious Ways (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_(John_Foxx_album)=The Garden (John Foxx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souvenirs_(Dan_Fogelberg_album)=Souvenirs (Dan Fogelberg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Sons_of_Different_Mothers=Twin Sons of Different Mothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_(Dan_Fogelberg_album)=Phoenix (Dan Fogelberg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_to_the_Pixies=Death to the Pixies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spot_the_Pigeon=Spot the Pigeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_Can_Tell=Girls Can Tell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_of_a_New_Machine=Soul of a New Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seasons_End=Seasons End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holidays_in_Eden=Holidays in Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_(Vangelis_album)=Earth (Vangelis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afraid_of_Sunlight=Afraid of Sunlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocka_Rolla=Rocka Rolla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Strange_Engine=This Strange Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radiation_(album)=Radiation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_House_(The_Stooges_album)=Fun House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stooges_(album)=The Stooges (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Between_the_Eyes=Straight Between the Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gabriel_(1978_album)=Peter Gabriel (1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow,_Deep_and_Hard=Slow, Deep and Hard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_Final_Fantasy_X=Final Fantasy X Original Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Black_Veil_(album)=The Long Black Veil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Replicas_(album)=Replicas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Velvet_Rope=The Velvet Rope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_the_Beast=Best of the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_the_Great=Edward the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marillion.com=Marillion.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Herbsman=African Herbsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anoraknophobia=Anoraknophobia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live!_(Bob_Marley_&_the_Wailers_album)=Live! (Bob Marley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_World_Underground,_Where_Are_You_Now%3F=Old World Underground, Where Are You Now?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Today_and_Yesterday=Between Today and Yesterday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_City=Kill City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_It_Feels_to_Be_Something_On=How It Feels to Be Something On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Night_(album)=Devil's Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Been_Expecting_You=I've Been Expecting You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Versus_Powerman_and_the_Moneygoround,_Part_One=Lola Versus Powerman and the Moneygoround, Part One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Come_the_Warm_Jets=Here Come the Warm Jets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meaty_Beaty_Big_and_Bouncy=Meaty Beaty Big and Bouncy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Happy!!_(Elvis_Costello_album)=Get Happy!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Dreams_(Roy_Orbison_album)=In Dreams (album Roy Orbison)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punch_the_Clock=Punch the Clock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_a_Wire:_Live_in_New_York_City=Across a Wire: Live in New York City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_(Jeff_Beck_album)=Truth (Jeff Beck)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collector's_Series,_Volume_One=The Collector's Series, Volume One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odds_&_Sods=Odds & Sods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_If_You_Wanna_Go_Faster=Scream If You Wanna Go Faster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberries_Oceans_Ships_Forest=Strawberries Oceans Ships Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Movies_(video)=Home Movies (video)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escapology_(album)=Escapology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bent_Out_of_Shape=Bent Out of Shape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein_Girls_Will_Seem_Strangely_Sexy=Frankenstein Girls Will Seem Strangely Sexy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevas_Tra=Sevas Tra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Secrets_(album)=House of Secrets (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comes_a_Time=Comes a Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...For_Victory=...For Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_on_Blonde=White on Blonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Young_(album)=Neil Young (Neil Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gluey_Porch_Treatments=Gluey Porch Treatments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_(George_Michael_album)=Faith (album George Michael)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterdays_(Yes_album)=Yesterdays (Yes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Funky_Headhunter=The Funky Headhunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moment_of_Truth_(Gang_Starr_album)=Moment of Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boom_Box_(No_Doubt_album)=Boom Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Bonnie=My Bonnie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mental_Jewelry=Mental Jewelry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suede_(album)=Suede (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Magic=Metal Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wingspan:_Hits_and_History=Wingspan: Hits and History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Joke_(1980_album)=Killing Joke (1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardot_(album)=Bardot (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Road=Stanley Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_&_Hell_(Joe_Jackson_album)=Heaven & Hell (Joe Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live!_Thirty_Days_Ago=Live! Thirty Days Ago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodface=Woodface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_the_Moon=Master of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_(Cyndi_Lauper_album)=Shine (album Cyndi Lauper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Do_It_for_Johnny!=Let's Do It for Johnny!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Baby_Photos=Naked Baby Photos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamonds_&_Rust=Diamonds & Rust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rolling_Stones,_Now!=The Rolling Stones, Now!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/666_Ways_to_Love:_Prologue=666 Ways to Love: Prologue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorus_(Erasure_album)=Chorus (album Erasure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Storm_in_Heaven=A Storm in Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Coming_(The_Stone_Roses_album)=Second Coming (The Stone Roses)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerial_Ballet=Aerial Ballet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curb_(album)=Curb (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/December's_Children_(And_Everybody's)=December's Children (And Everybody's)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_End_(The_Living_End_album)=The Living End (The Living End)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roll_On_(The_Living_End_album)=Roll On (album The Living End)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvins!_(album)=6 Songs (Melvins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_So_Raven_(soundtrack)=That's So Raven (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Claus_Lane=Santa Claus Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madonna_(...And_You_Will_Know_Us_by_the_Trail_of_Dead_album)=Madonna (...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_Speed_Record_(album)=Land Speed Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eggnog_(album)=Eggnog (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacer_(album)=Pacer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan_(1973_album)=Dylan (1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_X_(album)=Symphony X (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divine_Wings_of_Tragedy=The Divine Wings of Tragedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Damnation_Game_(album)=The Damnation Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_in_Olympus=Twilight in Olympus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odyssey_(album)=The Odyssey (Symphony X)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_and_Ready_(album)=Rough and Ready
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_(Hallucinogen_album)=Twisted (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rolling_Stones_(EP)=The Rolling Stones (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momentum_(TobyMac_album)=Momentum (TobyMac)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chariot_(album)=Chariot (album Gavin DeGraw)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flowers_of_Romance_(album)=The Flowers of Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Rotten_Filthy_Stinking_Rich=Dirty Rotten Filthy Stinking Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/26_Mixes_for_Cash=26 Mixes for Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfing_on_a_Rocket=Surfing on a Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_the_Sirens'_Call=Waiting for the Sirens' Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfinished_Monkey_Business=Unfinished Monkey Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_Stone_(Cher_album)=Heart of Stone (Cher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_fille_&_4_types=1 fille & 4 types
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Purposes=Cross Purposes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfing_on_Sine_Waves=Surfing on Sine Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Static_Prevails=Static Prevails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killswitch_Engage_(2000_album)=Killswitch Engage (2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autobiography_(Nat_Adderley_album)=Autobiography (Nat Adderley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Experiment=The Final Experiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actual_Fantasy=Actual Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Migrator_Part_1:_The_Dream_Sequencer=Universal Migrator Part 1: The Dream Sequencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayreonauts_Only=Ayreonauts Only
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_the_End_(album)=Until the End (Kittie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ragpicker's_Dream=The Ragpicker's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abandon_(album)=Abandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collective_Soul_(1995_album)=Collective Soul (album 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fubar:_The_Album=FUBAR: The Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Balance=The Art of Balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_One_Blood_(album)=Of One Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somber_Eyes_to_the_Sky=Somber Eyes to the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_the_World_Live=Back in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Neil_Young_album)=Greatest Hits (Neil Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_a_Plate=Life on a Plate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_(Ace_of_Base_album)=The Bridge (Ace of Base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_Deadly_Cyns...and_Then_Some=Twelve Deadly Cyns...and Then Some
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Tour_'74=Irish Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salad_of_a_Thousand_Delights=Salad of a Thousand Delights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_700_Miles=Another 700 Miles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flaming_Pie=Flaming Pie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringo_(album)=Ringo (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lysol_(album)=Lysol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Toot_and_a_Snore_in_'74=A Toot and a Snore in '74
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Come_Down_(James_Iha_album)=Let It Come Down (James Iha)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennon_Legend:_The_Very_Best_of_John_Lennon=Lennon Legend: The Very Best of John Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Funk_Odyssey=A Funk Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Sly_and_the_Family_Stone_album)=Greatest Hits (Sly & the Family Stone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_Display=Life on Display
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counting_Down_the_Days=Counting Down the Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexisonfire_(album)=Alexisonfire (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan_&_the_Dead=Dylan & the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Space_Cowboy=The Return of the Space Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Heart=Golden Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelling_Without_Moving=Travelling Without Moving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They're_Only_Chasing_Safety=They're Only Chasing Safety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Changing_of_Times=The Changing of Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synkronized=Synkronized
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Enfold_You=Let It Enfold You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyramid_(The_Alan_Parsons_Project_album)=Pyramid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concrete_(Fear_Factory_album)=Concrete (Fear Factory)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turn_of_a_Friendly_Card=The Turn of a Friendly Card
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stereotomy=Stereotomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bee_Thousand=Bee Thousand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_La_Soul_Is_Dead=De La Soul Is Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Dayz=Better Dayz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stag_(Melvins_album)=Stag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houdini_(album)=Houdini (Melvins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prick_(Melvins_album)=Prick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoner_Witch=Stoner Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Supremes_A'_Go-Go=The Supremes A' Go-Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guero=Guero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulture_Culture=Vulture Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_All_Your_Friends=Tell All Your Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Illusion_of_Safety_(Thrice_album)=The Illusion of Safety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Artist_in_the_Ambulance=The Artist in the Ambulance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_After_All=Human After All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Ready_(New_Order_album)=Get Ready (New Order)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarity_(Jimmy_Eat_World_album)=Clarity (Jimmy Eat World)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Talent_(album)=Billy Talent (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitterness_the_Star=Bitterness the Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Snow_Capped_Romance=A Snow Capped Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Alarm=Silent Alarm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_a_Wire=On a Wire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Settlement=English Settlement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_All_Things_to_Come=The End of All Things to Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.D._50_(album)=L.D. 50
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_(Atreyu_album)=The Curse (Atreyu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Up_(album)=Coming Up (Suede)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crunk_Juice=Crunk Juice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legion_of_Boom_(album)=Legion of Boom (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_in_Modern_Recording=Adventures in Modern Recording
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirror_of_Madness=Mirror of Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Self_Portrait_(Bob_Dylan_album)=Self Portrait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Rain_(Bob_Dylan_album)=Hard Rain (Bob Dylan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychedelic_Shack=Psychedelic Shack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Man_Star=Dog Man Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vigil_in_a_Wilderness_of_Mirrors=Vigil in a Wilderness of Mirrors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honky_(album)=Honky (Melvins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bootlicker=The Bootlicker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maggot=The Maggot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crybaby=The Crybaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blueprints_for_the_Black_Market=Blueprints for the Black Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Take_Friendship_Personal=Never Take Friendship Personal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_on_a_Rainbow=Walking on a Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xanadu_(soundtrack)=Xanadu (Electric Light Orchestra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Music_(album)=The Music (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbin'_the_Hood=Robbin' the Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gantz_Graf=Gantz Graf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicidal_Tendencies_(album)=Suicidal Tendencies (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_for_You:_A_Dedication_to_the_Nat_King_Cole_Trio=All For You (A Dedication To The Nat King Cole Trio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_I_Look_in_Your_Eyes=When I Look in Your Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Look_of_Love_(Diana_Krall_album)=The Look of Love (Diana Krall)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Paris_(Diana_Krall_album)=Live in Paris (Diana Krall)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronic_Sound=Electronic Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderwall_Music=Wonderwall Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electroretard=Electroretard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hostile_Ambient_Takeover=Hostile Ambient Takeover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Monsterwork_2000=Millennium Monsterwork 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slowly_Going_the_Way_of_the_Buffalo=Slowly Going the Way of the Buffalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_&_Chocolate=Blood & Chocolate (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatre_of_Pain=Theatre of Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Album_(Orbital_album)=Blue Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandemonium_Shadow_Show=Pandemonium Shadow Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spotlight_on_Nilsson=Spotlight on Nilsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skidoo_(soundtrack)=Skidoo (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Away_from_the_Sun=Away from the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dare_(album)=Dare (The Human League)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Songs_of_Distant_Earth_(album)=The Songs of Distant Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirens_and_Condolences=Sirens and Condolences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Hits!%3F=What Hits!?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Red_Hot_Chili_Peppers_album)=Greatest Hits (Red Hot Chili Peppers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Fright_(album)=Stage Fright (The Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cahoots_(album)=Cahoots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moondog_Matinee=Moondog Matinee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Illusions:_Reflections=Real Illusions: Reflections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Hand_Inn=Black Hand Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islands_(The_Band_album)=Islands (The Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branded_and_Exiled=Branded and Exiled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Waltz_(1978_album)=The Last Waltz (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Royal_(album)=Port Royal (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilt_Show=Guilt Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JoJo_(album)=JoJo (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neither_Here_nor_There_(book)=Neither Here Nor There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigs_of_the_Roman_Empire=Pigs of the Roman Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Schmilsson=Son of Schmilsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pussy_Cats=Pussy Cats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emancipation_of_Mimi=The Emancipation of Mimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horses_in_the_Sky=Horses in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Christmas_with_Love=Merry Christmas with Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Brew=Sonic Brew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronger_Than_Death=Stronger Than Death (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfly_(Mariah_Carey_album)=Butterfly (album Mariah Carey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emancipation_(Prince_album)=Emancipation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_(album)=Janet.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Jackson_(album)=Janet Jackson (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Come_Up=The Big Come Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flip_Your_Wig=Flip Your Wig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_for_You_(Janet_Jackson_album)=All for You (album Janet Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damita_Jo_(album)=Damita Jo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Waltz_(2002_album)=The Last Waltz (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1919_Eternal=1919 Eternal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blessed_Hellride=The Blessed Hellride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stunt_Race_FX=Stunt Race FX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_(David_Bowie_album)=Low (David Bowie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soundtrack_to_the_Apocalypse=Soundtrack to the Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicide_by_My_Side=Suicide by My Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_Bruford_Wakeman_Howe_(album)=Anderson Bruford Wakeman Howe (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Brought_You_My_Bullets,_You_Brought_Me_Your_Love=I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_My_Mind=Music of My Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuts_Like_a_Knife=Cuts Like a Knife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Adams_(album)=Bryan Adams (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Press=The Private Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Parole=On Parole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brushfire_Fairytales=Brushfire Fairytales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Between_Dreams=In Between Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pushing_the_Senses=Pushing the Senses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astro_Lounge=Astro Lounge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Great_Divide_(album)=Across the Great Divide (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jed_(album)=Jed (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mafia_(Black_Label_Society_album)=Mafia (Black Label Society)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Watkins_Glen=Live at Watkins Glen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amusing_the_Amazing=Amusing the Amazing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smash_Mouth_(album)=Smash Mouth (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_the_Picture%3F_(Smash_Mouth_album)=Get the Picture?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Sugar_(D'Angelo_album)=Brown Sugar (album D'Angelo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Crow=Lonesome Crow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_Me_Up=Hold Me Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_War_with_the_Mystics=At War with the Mystics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Blade=Under the Blade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_for_the_Attack=Back for the Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomber_(album)=Bomber (album Motörhead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunfight_at_Carnegie_Hall=Gunfight at Carnegie Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dopes_to_Infinity=Dopes to Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identity_Crisis_(Thrice_album)=Identity Crisis (Thrice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Guns_N'_Roses_album)=Greatest Hits (Guns N' Roses)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swallow_This_Live=Swallow This Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wide_Awake_in_America=Wide Awake in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hergest_Ridge_(album)=Hergest Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ommadawn=Ommadawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incantations_(album)=Incantations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crack_a_Smile..._and_More!=Crack a Smile...and More!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunting_the_Chapel=Haunting the Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Intrusion=Live Intrusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Undead=Live Undead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_at_the_Warfield=War at the Warfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diabolus_in_Musica=Diabolus in Musica (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_It_Down=Ram It Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MCMXC_a.D.=MCMXC a.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cross_of_Changes=The Cross of Changes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_the_End_of_Time_(Tupac_Shakur_album)=Until the End of Time (album Tupac Shakur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Evening_of_Yes_Music_Plus=An Evening of Yes Music Plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Sensuality_Devotion:_The_Greatest_Hits=Love Sensuality Devotion: The Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bark_at_the_Moon=Bark at the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Dokken=The Very Best of Dokken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerrilla_(album)=Guerrilla (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Out_(MC_Hammer_album)=Inside Out (MC Hammer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpongeBob_SquarePants:_Original_Theme_Highlights=SpongeBob SquarePants: Original Theme Highlights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tourist_(Athlete_album)=Tourist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorns_(Thorns_album)=Thorns (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Pleasuredome=Welcome to the Pleasuredome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prelude_to_the_Millennium=Prelude to the Millennium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_Goes_the_World=Pop Goes the World (album Men Without Hats)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sideways_(Men_Without_Hats_album)=Sideways (album Men Without Hats)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Hats_Beyond_This_Point=No Hats Beyond This Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Women_&_Men_Without_Hate_in_the_21st_Century=The Adventures of Women & Men Without Hate in the 21st Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixies_at_the_BBC=Pixies at the BBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_'B'_Sides=Complete 'B' Sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Cities=Some Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beastie_Boys_Anthology:_The_Sounds_of_Science=Beastie Boys Anthology: The Sounds of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_(Joy_Division_album)=Still (Joy Division)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_E.P._Compilation=The EP Compilation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demo_Compilation=The Demo Compilation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shape_of_Punk_to_Come=The Shape of Punk to Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_(Godsmack_EP)=The Other Side (Godsmack)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keys_to_Ascension=Keys to Ascension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platinum_(Mike_Oldfield_album)=Platinum (Mike Oldfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Monkeys=For Monkeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventh_Star=Seventh Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangover_Music_Vol._VI=Hangover Music Vol. VI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_in_Line=The Last in Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lock_Up_the_Wolves=Lock Up the Wolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Lanes=Alien Lanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingwood_(album)=Kingwood (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Old_Tunes=Same Old Tunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Us_(Peter_Gabriel_album)=Us (Peter Gabriel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flex-Able=Flex-Able
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_&_Religion=Sex & Religion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Lock_and_Key=Under Lock and Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Loving_You_(album)=Still Loving You (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Love_Secrets=Alien Love Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_Almanac=Strangers Almanac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amarok_(Mike_Oldfield_album)=Amarok (Mike Oldfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Garden=Fire Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keys_to_Ascension_2=Keys to Ascension 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Ideal_for_Living=An Ideal for Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subterranean_Jungle=Subterranean Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Bathing_at_Baxter's=After Bathing at Baxter's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_It_Off_(Thousand_Foot_Krutch_album)=Set It Off (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Like_a_Wheel=Heart Like a Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Goes_Rhymin'_Simon=There Goes Rhymin' Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Old_Boys_(Randy_Newman_album)=Good Old Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sail_Away_(Randy_Newman_album)=Sail Away (Randy Newman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkness_Descends=Darkness Descends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rattus_Norvegicus_(album)=Rattus Norvegicus (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon,_Light_&_Flowers=Moon, Light & Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Chinesische_Mauer=Die Chinesische Mauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Fades_Away=Time Fades Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight_(David_Bowie_album)=Tonight (album David Bowie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Perfect_Day=Another Perfect Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Milian_(album)=Christina Milian (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_About_Time_(Christina_Milian_album)=It's About Time (Christina Milian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Sounds_in_Country_and_Western_Music=Modern Sounds in Country and Western Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digimortal_(album)=Digimortal (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsolete_(album)=Obsolete (Fear Factory)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Flag=Pink Flag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sketches_of_Spain=Sketches of Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Priest_Driven_Ambulance=In a Priest Driven Ambulance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Them_On,_On_Your_Own=Take Them On, On Your Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Did_She_Mention_My_Name%3F=Did She Mention My Name?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movement_in_Still_Life=Movement in Still Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_the_Maddening_Crowds=Far from the Maddening Crowds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_(Sonic_Youth_album)=Sister (Sonic Youth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Sade=The Best of Sade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Ice_Cube_album)=Greatest Hits (Ice Cube)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_(The_Jackson_5_album)=ABC (album The Jackson 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_&_Ice_(Yngwie_Malmsteen_album)=Fire and Ice (Yngwie Malmsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southpaw_Grammar=Southpaw Grammar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Another_Band_from_L.A.=Just Another Band from L.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sit_Down_Young_Stranger=Sit Down Young Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Miles_Out=Five Miles Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genius_Loves_Company=Genius Loves Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winter_Album_(NSYNC_album)=The Winter Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fire_Inside_EP=A Fire Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shut_Your_Mouth_and_Open_Your_Eyes=Shut Your Mouth and Open Your Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Your_Eyes_(Goldfinger_album)=Open Your Eyes (Goldfinger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disconnection_Notice=Disconnection Notice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MFZB=MFZB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peligro_(Shakira_album)=Peligro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is...Too_Short=Life Is...Too Short
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Fall_(Dixie_Dregs_album)=Free Fall (Dixie Dregs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemies_of_Reality=Enemies of Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Heart_in_a_Dead_World=Dead Heart in a Dead World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Eve_and_Other_Stories=Christmas Eve and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devils_&_Dust=Devils & Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Ain't_Marching_Anymore=I Ain't Marching Anymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goo_Goo_Dolls_(album)=Goo Goo Dolls (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasures_of_the_Harbor=Pleasures of the Harbor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tape_from_California=Tape from California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehearsals_for_Retirement=Rehearsals for Retirement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Has_Left_Us_Alone_but_Shafts_of_Light_Sometimes_Grace_the_Corner_of_Our_Rooms...=He Has Left Us Alone but Shafts of Light Sometimes Grace the Corner of Our Rooms...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Train_(album)=Train (Train)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Private_Nation=My Private Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Eye_Blind_(album)=Third Eye Blind (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(Third_Eye_Blind_album)=Blue (Third Eye Blind)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Vein=Out of the Vein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Lenny_Kravitz_album)=Greatest Hits (Lenny Kravitz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marching_Out=Marching Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultra_Zone=The Ultra Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Song=The Seventh Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Broadcast_(album)=The Last Broadcast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Souls_(Doves_album)=Lost Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquarium_(Aqua_album)=Aquarium (Aqua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Image:_First_Issue=First Issue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirty_Years_of_Maximum_R&B=Thirty Years of Maximum R&B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youth_&_Young_Manhood=Youth and Young Manhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prayers_on_Fire=Prayers on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Outta_Cashville=Straight Outta Cashville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Ditch=Hell's Ditch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electriclarryland=Electriclarryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_Days=Demon Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bell_Is_a_Cup=A Bell Is a Cup...Until It Is Struck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Better_Life=The Better Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K_(album)=K (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peasants,_Pigs_&_Astronauts=Peasants, Pigs & Astronauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_Good_Lost=Feel Good Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Forgot_It_in_People=You Forgot It in People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Social_Scene_(album)=Broken Social Scene (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Help_Album=Help (autori vari)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Let_Me_Down=Never Let Me Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_to_the_Rainbow=Fly to the Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_a_Lad=Only a Lad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Depression_(album)=No Depression
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Nation=Happy Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You'll_Rebel_to_Anything=You'll Rebel to Anything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Employment_(album)=Employment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_and_a_Half=One and a Half
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell-O=Hell-O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_and_On_(Jack_Johnson_album)=On and On (Jack Johnson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeps_with_Angels=Sleeps with Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthems_for_the_Could've_Bin_Pills=Anthems for the Could've Bin Pills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Planet=Crystal Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ideal_Copy=The Ideal Copy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Away_with_Murder_(album)=Getting Away with Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_Day_Real_Estate_(album)=Sunny Day Real Estate (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Wherever_You_Are=Welcome to Wherever You Are (INXS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradually_Going_Tornado=Gradually Going Tornado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Massacre=The Massacre (50 Cent)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vehicles_&_Animals=Vehicles and Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TCB_(TV_program)=TCB (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I.T._on_Broadway=G.I.T. on Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bush_Doctor=Bush Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_(The_Supremes_album)=Farewell (Diana Ross & the Supremes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Skrewed_Up=All Skrewed Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashes_(Tristania_album)=Ashes (Tristania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Melancholy_Collection=The Melancholy Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildcard_/_A_Word_from_the_Wise=Wildcard/A Word from the Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sand_in_the_Vaseline:_Popular_Favorites=Sand in the Vaseline: Popular Favorites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaudi_(The_Alan_Parsons_Project_album)=Gaudi (The Alan Parsons Project)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_the_Heat=Face the Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_in_a_LIVEtime=Once in a LIVEtime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Budokan_(Dream_Theater_album)=Live at Budokan (Dream Theater)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stigmata_(Arch_Enemy_album)=Stigmata (Arch Enemy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colour_by_Numbers=Colour by Numbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_the_Spheres_(Ian_Brown_album)=Music of the Spheres (Ian Brown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_for_You_(The_Temptations_album)=A Song for You (The Temptations)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_Up_with_the_House_on_Fire=Waking Up with the House on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/25_&_Alive_Boneshaker=25 & Alive Boneshaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Luxury_to_Heartache=From Luxury to Heartache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Is_for_Accident=A Is for Accident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Man:_The_Musical_by_Pete_Townshend=The Iron Man: A Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Scoop=Another Scoop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_at_the_Speed_of_Sound=Wings at the Speed of Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinks_(album)=Kinks (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shut_Up_'n_Play_Yer_Guitar=Shut Up 'n Play Yer Guitar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dresden_Dolls_(album)=The Dresden Dolls (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Billy_Joel=The Essential Billy Joel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Time_(album)=Night Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Vision_of_Misery=A Vision of Misery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_over_America=Wings over America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Californication_(album)=Californication (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_I_Was_Cruel=When I Was Cruel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Mack=Born to Mack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryter_Layter=Bryter Layter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Leaves_Left=Five Leaves Left
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturate_(Breaking_Benjamin_album)=Saturate (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraordinary_Machine=Extraordinary Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internationalist_(album)=Internationalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_'n_All=All 'N All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Language._Sex._Violence._Other%3F=Language. Sex. Violence. Other?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Tales=Tokyo Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_of_a_Deadman_(album)=Theory of a Deadman (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gasoline_(Theory_of_a_Deadman_album)=Gasoline (Theory of a Deadman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Shelby_Lynne=I Am Shelby Lynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_to_Bremerton=Move to Bremerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Documentary=The Documentary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Trails_(album)=Happy Trails (Quicksilver Messenger Service)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Magic=Live Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Green_Gets_Next_to_You=Al Green Gets Next to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Believe_the_Truth=Don't Believe the Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lethal_Dose_of_American_Hatred=A Lethal Dose of American Hatred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immaculate_Collection=The Immaculate Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teaser_and_the_Firecat=Teaser and the Firecat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_Years_in_a_Livetime=5 Years in a LIVEtime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Mind_If_I_Do_(Culture_Club_album)=Don't Mind If I Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am..._(Nas_album)=I Am... (Nas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reveille_(album)=Reveille (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanks_for_the_Ether=Thanks for the Ether
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_Presley_(album)=Elvis Presley (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Younger_Than_Yesterday=Younger Than Yesterday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otis_Blue/Otis_Redding_Sings_Soul=Otis Blue: Otis Redding Sings Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shape_of_Jazz_to_Come=The Shape of Jazz to Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Substance_(Joy_Division_album)=Substance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu-Tang_Forever=Wu-Tang Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Best_Cowboys_Have_Chinese_Eyes=All the Best Cowboys Have Chinese Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Waves=Planet Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_City_(Royce_da_5'9%22_album)=Rock City (album Royce da 5'9")
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Is_Certain=Death Is Certain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_2000:_Scenes_from_New_York=Metropolis 2000: Scenes from New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elegantly_Wasted=Elegantly Wasted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swing_(INXS_album)=The Swing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Dots=Black Dots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beethoven_Was_Deaf=Beethoven Was Deaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Believe_(Weezer_album)=Make Believe (Weezer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_from_Hell=Jazz from Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddha_and_the_Chocolate_Box=Buddha and the Chocolate Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_of_Unknown_Origin=Fire of Unknown Origin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Round_About_Midnight='Round About Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missa_(EP)=MISSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauze_(album)=Gauze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Earth_(Arch_Enemy_album)=Black Earth (Arch Enemy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerteeth=Summerteeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Wow=No Wow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/06:21:03:11_Up_Evil=06:21:03:11 Up Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/05:22:09:12_Off=05:22:09:12 Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyranny_(For_You)=Tyranny (For You)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caustic_Grip=Caustic Grip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_(Front_Line_Assembly_album)=Millennium (album Front Line Assembly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Die=Let It Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monarch_(Lay_Your_Jewelled_Head_Down)=Monarch (Lay Your Jewelled Head Down)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulgar_(album)=Vulgar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Light_District=The Red Light District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spit_(album)=Spit (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detox_(Treble_Charger_album)=Detox (Treble Charger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotional_Technology=Emotional Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnum_Opus_(Yngwie_Malmsteen_album)=Magnum Opus (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_in_the_Sand=Dog in the Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_America=King of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Your_Honor=In Your Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_Here=Love Is Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silence_Is_Easy=Silence Is Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Director's_Cut=The Director's Cut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whoa,_Nelly!=Whoa, Nelly!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Extremist=The Extremist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Album_of_the_Year_(Faith_No_More_album)=Album of the Year (Faith No More)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bustin'_+_Dronin'=Bustin' + Dronin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_(INXS_album)=X (INXS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Baby_Live=Live Baby Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratatat_(album)=Ratatat (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yellow_Shark=The Yellow Shark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue-Sky_Research=Blue-Sky Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_(Phoenix_album)=United (Phoenix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Sensuality_Devotion:_The_Remix_Collection=Love Sensuality Devotion: The Remix Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Roi_Est_Mort,_Vive_Le_Roi!=Le roi est mort, vive le roi!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shabooh_Shoobah=Shabooh Shoobah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It'll_End_in_Tears=It'll End in Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Graveyard_(album)=The Graveyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spider's_Lullabye=The Spider's Lullabye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abigail_(album)=Abigail (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_(King_Diamond_album)=The Eye (King Diamond)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_It_On=Turn It On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Than_Life=More Than Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Sleep_'til_Hammersmith=No Sleep 'til Hammersmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Fist_(album)=Iron Fist (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleased_to_Meet_Me=Pleased to Meet Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faster_Than_the_Speed_of_Night=Faster Than the Speed of Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washing_Machine_(album)=Washing Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incognegro=Incognegro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Coast_(album)=Norfolk Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grave_Dancers_Union=Grave Dancers Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skull_&_Bones_(album)=Skull & Bones (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reconstruction_Site=Reconstruction Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feast_of_Wire=Feast of Wire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_of_This_Earth_(The_Damned_album)=Not of This Earth (The Damned)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellbilly_Deluxe=Hellbilly Deluxe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_All-American_Rejects_(album)=The All-American Rejects (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grave_Disorder=Grave Disorder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_White_(The_Stranglers_album)=Black and White (The Stranglers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_and_Leaving=Left and Leaving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_Wog_Stew=Pollywog Stew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unleash_the_Dragon=Unleash the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_Dragon=Return of Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condition_Red=Condition Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thing-Fish=Thing-Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_the_Dead=Wake the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Concert/MTV_Plugged=In Concert MTV Plugged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracks_(Bruce_Springsteen_album)=Tracks (Bruce Springsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clouds_Taste_Metallic=Clouds Taste Metallic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mind's_I_(album)=The Mind's I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gallery_(album)=The Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anyone_for_Doomsday%3F=Anyone for Doomsday?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filles_de_Kilimanjaro=Filles de Kilimanjaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diary_of_Alicia_Keys=The Diary of Alicia Keys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_It_Big=Make It Big
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveling_Wilburys_Vol._1=Traveling Wilburys Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Shaped_World_(Chris_Isaak_album)=Heart Shaped World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Yourself=Free Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbisongs=Orbisongs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_(Elton_John_album)=The One (album Elton John)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonely_and_Blue=Lonely and Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Be_Afraid_of_the_Dark_(album)=Don't Be Afraid of the Dark (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Metal_(Star_One_album)=Space Metal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Creed_album)=Greatest Hits (Creed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bungle_(album)=Mr. Bungle (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurtis_Blow_(album)=Kurtis Blow (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tha_Last_Meal=Tha Last Meal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Exile=Out of Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_ReArranger=Mighty ReArranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Series_of_Sneaks=A Series of Sneaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_(Mr._Bungle_album)=California (Mr. Bungle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_Williams_the_Roy_Orbison_Way=Hank Williams the Roy Orbison Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picaresque_(album)=Picaresque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_in_Black=Pretty in Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_(The_Damned_album)=Anything (album The Damned)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Care_4_U=I Care 4 U (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eazy-Duz-It=Eazy-Duz-It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyageur_(Enigma_album)=Voyageur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Screen_Behind_the_Mirror=The Screen Behind the Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tha_G-Code=Tha G-Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_End=Ave End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1967:_The_First_Three_Singles=1967: The First Three Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becoming_X=Becoming X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Up_(Dave_Matthews_Band_album)=Stand Up (Dave Matthews Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orgasmatron_(album)=Orgasmatron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Sanctorum=Beyond Sanctorum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Alternative_Wavers=Ultimate Alternative Wavers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_Nothing_Wrong_with_Love=There's Nothing Wrong with Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_from_Now_On=Perfect from Now On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Morning=A New Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Far_So_Good_(Bryan_Adams_album)=So Far So Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Exit_(Fates_Warning_album)=No Exit (Fates Warning)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Temple=Sonic Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Goes_Numb=Everything Goes Numb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Five_O'Clock_Somewhere_(album)=It's Five O'Clock Somewhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Different_Kind_of_Pain=A Different Kind of Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnt_Offerings_(album)=Burnt Offerings (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Bridges_(Arch_Enemy_album)=Burning Bridges (Arch Enemy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weapons_of_Mass_Destruction_(album)=Weapons of Mass Destruction (Xzibit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22This_Is_Our_Punk-Rock,%22_Thee_Rusted_Satellites_Gather_+_Sing,="This Is Our Punk-Rock," Thee Rusted Satellites Gather + Sing,
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascendancy_(album)=Ascendancy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Music=Head Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Loves_Ugly=God Loves Ugly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven's_Travels=Seven's Travels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_the_Movie=I Am the Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Alice_Cooper_album)=Alice Cooper's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spine_of_God=Spine of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untilted=Untilted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bi-Polar_(Vanilla_Ice_album)=Bi-Polar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_After_Sin=Sin After Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disciplined_Breakdown=Disciplined Breakdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Length_LP=Full Length
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terria=Terria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_with_the_Arab_Strap=The Boy with the Arab Strap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_the_Lost_Chord=In Search of the Lost Chord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantasmagoria_(The_Damned_album)=Phantasmagoria (The Damned)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Controversy_(Prince_album)=Controversy (album Prince)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_(album)=Batman (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Prince=The Very Best of Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamonds_and_Pearls=Diamonds and Pearls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadwing=Deadwing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Our_Children's_Children's_Children=To Our Children's Children's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_to_the_Music_(Sly_and_the_Family_Stone_album)=Dance to the Music (album Sly & the Family Stone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Whole_New_Thing_(Sly_and_the_Family_Stone_album)=A Whole New Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(Sly_and_the_Family_Stone_album)=Life (Sly & the Family Stone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Talk_(Sly_and_the_Family_Stone_album)=Small Talk (Sly & the Family Stone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_(Sly_and_the_Family_Stone_album)=Fresh (Sly & the Family Stone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_Trip_Continues=The Death Trip Continues...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deltron_3030_(album)=Deltron 3030 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deaf_Dumb_Blind=Deaf Dumb Blind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Use_Your_Brain=Use Your Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Old_Bullshit=Some Old Bullshit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolescent_Sex=Adolescent Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clawfinger_(album)=Clawfinger (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeros_&_Heroes=Zeros & Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimson_(Alkaline_Trio_album)=Crimson (Alkaline Trio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Secret_Wish=A Secret Wish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lack_of_Communication=Lack of Communication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raw_and_Rare=Raw and Rare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Sleep_(album)=Team Sleep (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Whole_Lot_of_Nothing=A Whole Lot of Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scared_to_Dance=Scared to Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Halo=The Black Halo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signify=Signify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hear_in_the_Now_Frontier=Hear in the Now Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Out_(album)=Time Out (The Dave Brubeck Quartet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_for_Eternity=Young for Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introducing_the_Hardline_According_to_Terence_Trent_D'Arby=Introducing the Hardline According to Terence Trent D'Arby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Least_Wanted=America's Least Wanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_(Xmal_Deutschland_album)=Viva (Xmal Deutschland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wishing_Chair_(album)=The Wishing Chair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_You_(Marvin_Gaye_album)=I Want You (album Marvin Gaye)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiretap_Scars=Wiretap Scars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Man's_Zoo=Blind Man's Zoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Time_in_Eden=Our Time in Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B'Sides_Themselves=B'Sides Themselves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superjudge=Superjudge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_(Mike_Oldfield_album)=Discovery (album Mike Oldfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islands_(Mike_Oldfield_album)=Islands (Mike Oldfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_My_Nightmare=Welcome to My Nightmare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zipper_Catches_Skin=Zipper Catches Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven's_Open=Heaven's Open
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Cooper_Goes_to_Hell=Alice Cooper Goes to Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscle_of_Love=Muscle of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lace_and_Whiskey=Lace and Whiskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alice_Cooper_Show=The Alice Cooper Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Inside_(Alice_Cooper_album)=From the Inside (Alice Cooper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flush_the_Fashion=Flush the Fashion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyager_(Mike_Oldfield_album)=Voyager (Mike Oldfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Forces_(Alice_Cooper_album)=Special Forces (Alice Cooper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tubular_Bells_III=Tubular Bells III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guitars_(Mike_Oldfield_album)=Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Millennium_Bell=The Millennium Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Diamonds=Dirty Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Size_Fits_All_(Frank_Zappa_album)=One Size Fits All (Frank Zappa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_High_to_Die=Too High to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Clay=Human Clay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/39_Minutes_of_Bliss_(In_an_Otherwise_Meaningless_World)=39 Minutes of Bliss (In an Otherwise Meaningless World)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tha_Carter=Tha Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Tigers=Paper Tigers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Moon_(Brandy_album)=Full Moon (album Brandy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mothermania=Mothermania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INXS_(album)=INXS (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underneath_the_Colours=Underneath the Colours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_Is_Cheap=Talk Is Cheap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/200_km/h_in_the_Wrong_Lane=200 km/h in the Wrong Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcy_Playground_(album)=Marcy Playground (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(311_album)=Live (311)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Gone=Never Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghetto_Supastar=Ghetto Supastar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Cars_and_Spent_Contraceptives=Hot Cars and Spent Contraceptives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Apple_Grey=Candy Apple Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waste_of_Mind=Waste of Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Billy_Joel_albums)=Greatest Hits (Billy Joel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodores_(album)=Commodores (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_(The_Cult_album)=Love (The Cult)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Absentia=In absentia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Show=At the Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Ross_Presents_The_Jackson_5=Diana Ross Presents the Jackson 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Youth_(EP)=Sonic Youth (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallowed_Ground_(Violent_Femmes_album)=Hallowed Ground (Violent Femmes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Favorite_Weapon=Your Favorite Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arular=Arular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relaxin'_with_the_Miles_Davis_Quintet=Relaxin' with the Miles Davis Quintet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cookin'_with_the_Miles_Davis_Quintet=Cookin' with the Miles Davis Quintet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tweekend=Tweekend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milestones_(Miles_Davis_album)=Milestones (Miles Davis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someday_My_Prince_Will_Come_(Miles_Davis_album)=Someday My Prince Will Come (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Steps_to_Heaven=Seven Steps to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.S.P._(Miles_Davis_album)=E.S.P. (Miles Davis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Smiles=Miles Smiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorcerer_(Miles_Davis_album)=Sorcerer (Miles Davis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nefertiti_(Miles_Davis_album)=Nefertiti (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Live_at_the_Plugged_Nickel_1965=The Complete Live at the Plugged Nickel 1965
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Silent_Way=In a Silent Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Johnson_(album)=A Tribute to Jack Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Corner=On the Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Up_with_It=Get Up with It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_(Television_album)=Adventure (Television)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightcap_(album)=Nightcap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That_I_Am_(Santana_album)=All That I Am (Santana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(The_Offspring_album)=Greatest Hits (The Offspring)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Again_(The_Notorious_B.I.G._album)=Born Again (The Notorious B.I.G.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirage_(Camel_album)=Mirage (Camel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tipping_Point_(The_Roots_album)=The Tipping Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camel_(album)=Camel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Fun_(Miles_Davis_album)=Big Fun (Miles Davis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_(Robin_of_Sherwood_soundtrack)=Legend (Clannad)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Steel_(album)=British Steel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronic_Meditation=Electronic Meditation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Centauri_(album)=Alpha Centauri (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATLiens=ATLiens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atem_(album)=Atem (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeit=Zeit (Tangerine Dream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phaedra_(album)=Phaedra (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik=Southernplayalisticadillacmuzik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dynasty:_Roc_La_Familia=The Dynasty: Roc La Familia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goat_of_Mendes=The Goat of Mendes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choronzon_(album)=Choronzon (Akercocke)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vol._2..._Hard_Knock_Life=Vol. 2... Hard Knock Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blueprint_2.1=Blueprint 2.1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blueprint_2:_The_Gift_&_The_Curse=The Blueprint²: The Gift & the Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Unplugged_(Jay-Z_album)=MTV Unplugged (Jay-Z)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephunk=Elephunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charm_of_the_Highway_Strip=The Charm of the Highway Strip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Want_(Tim_McGraw_album)=All I Want (Tim McGraw)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Tough_to_Die=Too Tough to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mudhoney_(album)=Mudhoney (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band_of_Gypsys=Band of Gypsys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incense_and_Peppermints=Incense and Peppermints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_the_Hard_Way=Broadway the Hard Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychocandy=Psychocandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_Loud,_Sing_Proud!=Sing Loud, Sing Proud!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daydream_(Mariah_Carey_album)=Daydream (Mariah Carey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Behind_Me_Satan=Get Behind Me Satan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weight_(album)=Weight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Name_Face=No Name Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifehouse_(album)=Lifehouse (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Procol_Harum_(album)=Procol Harum (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trainspotting_(soundtrack)=Trainspotting: Music from the Motion Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoolook=Zoolook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronologie=Chronologie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barleycorn_Must_Die=John Barleycorn Must Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unquestionable_Truth_(Part_1)=The Unquestionable Truth (Part 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Kills_50187=Beverly Kills 50187
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NC17_(album)=Nc17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_Money_2020=Money Money 2020
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_Chrono_Trigger=Colonna sonora delle serie Chrono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Will_Stand=I Will Stand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everywhere_We_Go=Everywhere We Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_State_(album)=The State (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bodyguard_(soundtrack)=The Bodyguard: Original Soundtrack Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthology_(Alien_Ant_Farm_album)=ANThology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxy_&_Elsewhere=Roxy & Elsewhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aha_Shake_Heartbreak=Aha Shake Heartbreak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menlove_Ave.=Menlove Ave.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bongo_Fury=Bongo Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Tie_White_Noise=Black Tie White Noise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Traditionalists=New Traditionalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Knockover=The Big Knockover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_in_Rio_(album)=Rock in Rio (DVD Iron Maiden)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Alive_(Ramones_album)=It's Alive (Ramones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October_Rust=October Rust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sessions_2000=Sessions 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Creek_Drank_the_Cradle=The Creek Drank the Cradle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B-Sides_&_Rarities_(Nick_Cave_&_the_Bad_Seeds_album)=B-Sides & Rarities (Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rolling_Stones_(album)=The Rolling Stones (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street's_Disciple=Street's Disciple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Helping=Second Helping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_(Spock's_Beard_album)=The Light (Spock's Beard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_Blondie=The Curse of Blondie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wintersun_(album)=Wintersun (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alone_with_Everybody=Alone with Everybody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sci-Fi_Lullabies=Sci-Fi Lullabies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_to_Death_in_the_Future_Head=Hit to Death in the Future Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_Vol._2_(ABBA_album)=Greatest Hits Vol. 2 (ABBA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priest...Live!=Priest...Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dock_of_the_Bay_(album)=The Dock of the Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonslayer_(Dream_Evil_album)=Dragonslayer (Dream Evil)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am..._(Ayumi_Hamasaki_album)=I Am... (Ayumi Hamasaki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toni_Braxton_(album)=Toni Braxton (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowflakes_(album)=Snowflakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Than_a_Woman_(album)=More Than a Woman (Toni Braxton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Toni_Braxton=Ultimate Toni Braxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Conditions=Human Conditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Dance_Ordinance_(album)=Teen Dance Ordinance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Station_Is_Non-Operational=This Station Is Non-Operational
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Alice_in_Chains=The Essential Alice in Chains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump_Back:_The_Best_of_The_Rolling_Stones=Jump Back: The Best of The Rolling Stones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Origin_of_the_Feces=The Origin of the Feces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picnic_of_Love=Picnic of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_5000_Spirits_or_the_Layers_of_the_Onion=The 5000 Spirits or the Layers of the Onion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloody_Kisses=Bloody Kisses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Story_(Ayumi_Hamasaki_album)=My Story (Ayumi Hamasaki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnolia_Electric_Co.=The Magnolia Electric Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Police=Dream Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_(Meshuggah_EP)=I (Meshuggah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Start_a_War=Start a War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Luna_(Sarah_Brightman_album)=La Luna (Sarah Brightman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niggaz4Life=Efil4zaggin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Coming_Down=World Coming Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_Killing_Me=Life Is Killing Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something/Anything%3F=Something/Anything?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minimum-Maximum=Minimum-Maximum (video)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Only_Ones_(album)=The Only Ones (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Came_First=Who Came First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_(album)=Stella (Yello)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claro_Que_Si=Claro que si
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(U2_EP)=Three (U2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Love=Midnight Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_(Marvin_Gaye_and_Tammi_Terrell_album)=United (Marvin Gaye & Tammi Terrell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Gotta_Say_Yes_to_Another_Excess=You Gotta Say Yes to Another Excess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Second_(Yello_album)=One Second (Yello)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flag_(Yello_album)=Flag (Yello)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_All_I_Need=You're All I Need
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Our_Lifetime_(Marvin_Gaye_album)=In Our Lifetime (Marvin Gaye)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maybe_You've_Been_Brainwashed_Too=Maybe You've Been Brainwashed Too
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_John_Lennon_Collection=The John Lennon Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elephant_Riders=The Elephant Riders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Rock_Fury=Pure Rock Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wizard,_a_True_Star=A Wizard, a True Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Initiation_(Todd_Rundgren_album)=Initiation (Todd Rundgren)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healing_(Todd_Rundgren_album)=Healing (Todd Rundgren)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ever_Popular_Tortured_Artist_Effect=The Ever Popular Tortured Artist Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_(Meshuggah_album)=Nothing (Meshuggah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreak_Station=Heartbreak Station (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runt._The_Ballad_of_Todd_Rundgren=Runt. The Ballad of Todd Rundgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faithful_(Todd_Rundgren_album)=Faithful (Todd Rundgren)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cappella_(Todd_Rundgren_album)=A Cappella (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dub_Housing=Dub Housing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Soundtracks_1=Original Soundtracks 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomizer_(album)=Atomizer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salisbury_(album)=Salisbury (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Individualist=The Individualist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liars_(Todd_Rundgren_album)=Liars (Todd Rundgren)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disneymania=DisneyMania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hangman's_Beautiful_Daughter=The Hangman's Beautiful Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_Suicides_(score)=The Virgin Suicides (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Cherry_(Goldfrapp_album)=Black Cherry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felt_Mountain=Felt Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isn't_Anything=Isn't Anything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyday_(Hillsong_United_album)=Everyday (Hillsong United)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_by_Bus=Babylon by Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_(The_Jacksons_album)=Triumph (The Jacksons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bizaar=Bizaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Chemistry=All About Chemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feeling_Strangely_Fine=Feeling Strangely Fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octopus_(Gentle_Giant_album)=Octopus (Gentle Giant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Fantasy=Mr. Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livin'_Like_Hustlers=Livin' Like Hustlers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boomtown_Rats_(album)=The Boomtown Rats (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keasbey_Nights=Keasbey Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tonic_for_the_Troops=A Tonic for the Troops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fine_Art_of_Surfacing=The Fine Art of Surfacing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Bin_Did_and_What's_Bin_Hid=What's Bin Did and What's Bin Hid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rainbow_Children=The Rainbow Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Album_(Prince_album)=The Black Album (Prince)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graffiti_Bridge_(album)=Graffiti Bridge (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Nite_Alone...=One Nite Alone...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rave_Un2_the_Joy_Fantastic=Rave Un2 the Joy Fantastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairytale_(album)=Fairytale (Donovan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Drain_(album)=Brain Drain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_You_(Prince_album)=For You (Prince)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_Superman_(album)=Sunshine Superman (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Metal_ist_Krieg=Black Metal Ist Krieg (A Dedication Monument)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Genesis_to_Revelation=From Genesis to Revelation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Richie_(album)=Lionel Richie (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Slow_Down_(Lionel_Richie_album)=Can't Slow Down (Lionel Richie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mezzanine_(album)=Mezzanine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Both_Sides_Now_(Joni_Mitchell_album)=Both Sides Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gift_from_a_Flower_to_a_Garden=A Gift from a Flower to a Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_of_Easy_Rider_(album)=Ballad of Easy Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_(Cocteau_Twins_album)=Treasure (Cocteau Twins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierced_from_Within=Pierced from Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_You_Been=Where You Been
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaosphere=Chaosphere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cult_of_Ray=The Cult of Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campfire_Songs:_The_Popular,_Obscure_and_Unknown_Recordings_of_10,000_Maniacs=Campfire Songs: The Popular, Obscure and Unknown Recordings of 10,000 Maniacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_of_the_I_Ching=Secrets of the I Ching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Conflict_Number_Five=Human Conflict Number Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Unplugged_(10,000_Maniacs_album)=MTV Unplugged (10,000 Maniacs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Earth_Pressed_Flat=The Earth Pressed Flat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_Heart_(Dio_album)=Sacred Heart (Dio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellow_Yellow_(album)=Mellow Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bizzar=Bizzar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Beats=Dog Beats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raw_&_the_Cooked_(album)=The Raw & the Cooked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoot_Allures=Zoot Allures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Within_(Shadows_Fall_album)=The War Within (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classified_(Sweetbox_album)=Classified (Sweetbox)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Got_Live_If_You_Want_It!_(album)=Got Live If You Want It!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade_(Sweetbox_album)=Jade (Sweetbox)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adagio_(Sweetbox_album)=Adagio (Sweetbox)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Gurtu=Miles Gurtu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightbulb_Sun=Lightbulb Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Doom_Synthesis=Electric Doom Synthesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonsuch_(album)=Nonsuch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrifyer=Terrifyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slider=The Slider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folklore_(Nelly_Furtado_album)=Folklore (Nelly Furtado)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Behaviour=Strange Behaviour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_(Kiss_album)=Revenge (Kiss)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Album=Third Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confusion_Is_Sex=Confusion Is Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NYC_Ghosts_&_Flowers=NYC Ghosts & Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Street_(album)=Murray Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunset_Tree=The Sunset Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iced_Earth_(album)=Iced Earth (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyranny_of_Souls=Tyranny of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Springsteen_&_The_E_Street_Band:_Live_in_New_York_City=Live in New York City (Bruce Springsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siren_(Roxy_Music_album)=Siren (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Countdown_(album)=The Final Countdown (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_of_Tomorrow=Wings of Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricochet_(Tangerine_Dream_album)=Ricochet (Tangerine Dream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stupid_Dream=Stupid Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Your_Lungs_Only=For Your Lungs Only
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_the_Way_of_the_World=That's the Way of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yo!_Bum_Rush_the_Show=Yo! Bum Rush the Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Lied_My_Face_Off=I Lied My Face Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_It_to_Death=Love It to Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Air_(Alan_Parsons_album)=On Air (Alan Parsons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Machine_(Alan_Parsons_album)=The Time Machine (Alan Parsons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Valid_Path=A Valid Path
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe_(Europe_album)=Europe (Europe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Clash=The Essential Clash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_This_World_(Europe_album)=Out of This World (Europe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Registration=Late Registration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jacksons_Live!=The Jacksons Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_(Mercyful_Fate_album)=Melissa (Mercyful Fate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hefty_Fine=Hefty Fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Heart_of_the_Young=In the Heart of the Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hurdy_Gurdy_Man=The Hurdy Gurdy Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Remixes_(Mariah_Carey_album)=The Remixes (Mariah Carey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoners_in_Paradise=Prisoners in Paradise (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donovan's_Greatest_Hits=Donovan's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Start_from_the_Dark=Start from the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hejira_(album)=Hejira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Futureheads_(album)=The Futureheads (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Me_(album)=Free Me (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Bruce_Springsteen_album)=Greatest Hits (Bruce Springsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_THIS_For...!=What's THIS For...!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Satan_Praise_the_Lord=Sons of Satan Praise the Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Mariah_Carey_album)=Greatest Hits (Mariah Carey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunting_High_and_Low=Hunting High and Low (A-ha)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Wee_Small_Hours=In the Wee Small Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Something_to_Be=...Something to Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Push_Barman_to_Open_Old_Wounds=Push Barman to Open Old Wounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Songs=Live Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziggy_Stardust:_The_Motion_Picture=Ziggy Stardust - The Motion Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Shooter_(Bad_Company_album)=Straight Shooter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blind_Leading_the_Naked=The Blind Leading the Naked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_Diamonds_(album)=Rough Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nu-Mixx_Klazzics=Nu-Mixx Klazzics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_1's_(Mariah_Carey_album)=Number 1's (Mariah Carey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Early_Burglary_Years=My Early Burglary Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_(Amerie_album)=Touch (album Amerie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeless_(Goldie_album)=Timeless (Goldie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mas_Borracho=Mas Borracho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_on_the_Ceiling=Dancing on the Ceiling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barabajagal=Barabajagal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_of_the_Light's_Bane=Storm of the Light's Bane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampyre_Erotica=Vampyre Erotica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_Bloody_Gore=Scream Bloody Gore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leprosy_(album)=Leprosy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiritual_Healing_(album)=Spiritual Healing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_(Death_album)=Human (Death)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fate:_The_Best_of_Death=Fate: The Best of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Individual_Thought_Patterns=Individual Thought Patterns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symbolic_(Death_album)=Symbolic (Death)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweetbox_(album)=Sweetbox (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Mod_Cons=All Mod Cons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Machine_(Joe_Satriani_album)=Time Machine (Joe Satriani)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Perseverance=The Sound of Perseverance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Eindhoven=Live in Eindhoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_You_on_the_Other_Side_(Korn_album)=See You on the Other Side (Korn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transgression_(album)=Transgression (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Wembley_'86=Live at Wembley '86
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_in_Berlin:_Mack_the_Knife=Ella in Berlin: Mack the Knife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_Without_Arms=Catch Without Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alone_in_a_Crowd=Alone in a Crowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafi's_Revenge=Rafi's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Tambourine_Man_(album)=Mr. Tambourine Man (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Angel_(Blue_Angel_album)=Blue Angel (Blue Angel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Deaf_Club=Live at the Deaf Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Implode_(album)=Implode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Time_(MC5_album)=High Time (MC5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R_U_Still_Down%3F_(Remember_Me)=R U Still Down? (Remember Me)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_(Faith_Evans_album)=Faith (Faith Evans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Notorious_Byrd_Brothers=The Notorious Byrd Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Road_(album)=Cross Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hat_Full_of_Stars=Hat Full of Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Way_(Usher_album)=My Way (album Usher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Swans=Seven Swans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyssa_(album)=Alyssa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Heard_They_Suck_Live!!=I Heard They Suck Live!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximum_Rocknroll_(album)=Maximum Rocknroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Values=New Values
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy%3F_(Public_Image_Ltd_album)=Happy? (Public Image Ltd.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Stoopid=Hey Stoopid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encomium:_A_Tribute_to_Led_Zeppelin=Encomium: A Tribute to Led Zeppelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blinking_Lights_and_Other_Revelations=Blinking Lights and Other Revelations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supa_Dupa_Fly=Supa Dupa Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaubourg_(album)=Beaubourg (Vangelis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Act_of_Depression=Act of Depression
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypothesis_(album)=Hypothesis/The Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_(Violent_Femmes_album)=3 (Violent Femmes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Real_World=Da Real World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Negation=The Negation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_E..._So_Addictive=Miss E... So Addictive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Construction_(Missy_Elliott_album)=Under Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Not_a_Test!=This Is Not a Test!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raise!=Raise!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_Colorful_Hill=Down Colorful Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Remixes=The Best Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zitilites=Zitilites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godbluff=Godbluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawn_Hearts=Pawn Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H_to_He,_Who_Am_the_Only_One=H to He, Who Am the Only One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Nation=Silent Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decade_of_Decadence_81-91=Decade of Decadence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missundaztood=Missundaztood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transform_(Powerman_5000_album)=Transform
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A.M.F.=L.A.M.F.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Girls_(Donna_Summer_album)=Bad Girls (album Donna Summer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soulmates_Never_Die_(Live_in_Paris_2003)=Soulmates Never Die - Live in Paris 2003
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Living_All_Over_Me=You're Living All Over Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lead_Me_On_(Amy_Grant_album)=Lead Me On (album Amy Grant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lick_My_Decals_Off,_Baby=Lick My Decals Off, Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_of_Avalon=Sisters of Avalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Lear_Rose=Van Lear Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Times_(album)=New Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock!!!!!=Rock!!!!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freak_Magnet=Freak Magnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volunteers_(Jefferson_Airplane_album)=Volunteers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bestial_Devastation=Bestial Devastation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_1's_(video)=Number 1's (video)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_for_Us_the_Foxes=Catch for Us the Foxes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refuge_Denied=Refuge Denied
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Album_(Amy_Grant_album)=A Christmas Album (Amy Grant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roorback=Roorback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolusongs=Revolusongs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumday=Sumday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sophtware_Slump=The Sophtware Slump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Collection_(Michael_Jackson_album)=Michael Jackson: The Ultimate Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karma_and_Effect=Karma and Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_(Soft_Machine_album)=Third (Soft Machine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_on_the_Kill_Taker=In on the Kill Taker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Medicine=Red Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Protection_(Massive_Attack_album)=No Protection (Massive Attack)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_Freshness_Volume_3=Forgotten Freshness Volume 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine:_John_Lennon_(soundtrack)=Imagine: John Lennon (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_Hello_to_Sunshine=Say Hello to Sunshine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live!_at_the_Star-Club_in_Hamburg,_Germany;_1962=Live! at the Star-Club in Hamburg, Germany; 1962
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_at_Last=Alive at Last
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_in_the_Shade=Hot in the Shade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_There_Love_in_Space%3F=Is There Love in Space?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Official_Live:_101_Proof=Official Live: 101 Proof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_Freshness_Volumes_1_&_2=Forgotten Freshness Volumes 1 & 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifestylez_ov_da_Poor_&_Dangerous=Lifestylez ov da Poor & Dangerous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_in_Athens=Alive in Athens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legacy_(album)=The Legacy (Testament)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Roses=Cold Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Control_(Canibus_album)=Mind Control (Canibus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotions_(Mariah_Carey_album)=Emotions (album Mariah Carey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Simon_and_Garfunkel=The Best of Simon and Garfunkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Ricky_Martin=The Best of Ricky Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_in_a_Blue_Dream=Flying in a Blue Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Say_I_Say_I_Say=I Say I Say I Say
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Picture_(Big_L_album)=The Big Picture (Big L)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Gone_Before_Daylight=Long Gone Before Daylight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Bedlam=Back to Bedlam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rose_That_Grew_from_Concrete=The Rose that Grew from Concrete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Offs..._Remixes_&_B-Sides=One Offs... Remixes & B-Sides (Bonobo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutu_(album)=Tutu (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sun_Came=A Sun Came
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enjoy_Your_Rabbit=Enjoy Your Rabbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy:_Mariah_Carey_at_Madison_Square_Garden=Fantasy: Mariah Carey at Madison Square Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joker_(album)=The Joker (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennon_(box_set)=Lennon (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Grant_(album)=Amy Grant (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Beach=Love Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Blood_Mystery=The First Blood Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listen_Without_Prejudice_Vol._1=Listen Without Prejudice Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenacious_D_(album)=Tenacious D (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey_to_the_B=Honey to the B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Still_Moves=It Still Moves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souls_of_Black=Souls of Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ritual_(Testament_album)=The Ritual (Testament)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_the_Apocalyptic_City=Return to the Apocalyptic City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electric_Joe_Satriani:_An_Anthology=The Electric Joe Satriani: An Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_May_You_Run=Long May You Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Me=Club Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till_Death_Do_Us_Part_(Cypress_Hill_album)=Till Death Do Us Part (Cypress Hill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Star_(Melanie_C_album)=Northern Star (album Melanie C)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disco_Inferno_(album)=Disco Inferno (album The Trammps)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_Against_the_Machine_(video)=Rage Against the Machine (video)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loveppears=Loveppears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duty_(album)=Duty (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_Address=Memorial Address
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_(Ayumi_Hamasaki_album)=Rainbow (Ayumi Hamasaki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamland_(Robert_Miles_album)=Dreamland (Robert Miles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essence_to_Essence=Essence to Essence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentlemen_Take_Polaroids=Gentlemen Take Polaroids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Father's_Eyes_(album)=My Father's Eyes (Amy Grant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiet_Life=Quiet Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obscure_Alternatives=Obscure Alternatives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_on_Canvas=Oil on Canvas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Round's_on_Me=Second Round's on Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snakebite_(album)=Snakebite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_Station_(album)=The Power Station (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Well-Tempered_Synthesizer=The Well-Tempered Synthesizer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wither_Blister_Burn_&_Peel=Wither Blister Burn & Peel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/23am=23am
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organik=Organik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B-Sides_and_Otherwise=B-Sides and Otherwise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Cream_for_Crow=Ice Cream for Crow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unconditionally_Guaranteed=Unconditionally Guaranteed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_in_Motion=Heart in Motion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infinite_Steve_Vai:_An_Anthology=The Infinite Steve Vai: An Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation:_Doomsday=Operation: Doomsday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Budokan_(Stormtroopers_of_Death_album)=Live at Budokan (Stormtroopers of Death)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluejeans_&_Moonbeams=Bluejeans & Moonbeams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Juan's_Reckless_Daughter=Don Juan's Reckless Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tha_Doggfather=Tha Doggfather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splinter_(Sneaker_Pimps_album)=Splinter (Sneaker Pimps)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_(Madness_album)=Absolutely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_Service_(Bryan_Adams_album)=Room Service (Bryan Adams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Purple_(album)=Deep Purple (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Life_(Simple_Minds_album)=Real Life (album Simple Minds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Fighting_Years=Street Fighting Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_The_Aquabats=The Return of the Aquabats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rotters'_Club_(album)=The Rotters' Club (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/154_(album)=154 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Animals_(album)=Party Animals (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_(Testament_album)=Low (Testament)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_the_Free%3F=Land of the Free?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Certain_Trigger=A Certain Trigger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitney:_The_Greatest_Hits=Whitney: The Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_and_a_Word=Time and a Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aquabats_vs._the_Floating_Eye_of_Death!=The Aquabats vs. the Floating Eye of Death! and Other Amazing Adventures Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_a_Day=Around the World in a Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Satriani_(album)=Joe Satriani (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danse_Macabre_(album)=Danse Macabre (The Faint)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Note_(album)=The Note
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Song_Contest_2006=Eurovision Song Contest 2006
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangled_Demos_from_1983=Mangled Demos from 1983
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demonic_(album)=Demonic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singles_of_the_90s=Singles of the 90s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Capo_(Ace_of_Base_album)=Da Capo (Ace of Base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milk_and_Honey_(album)=Milk and Honey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kollaps=Kollaps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_of_This_Earth_(Joe_Satriani_album)=Not of This Earth (Joe Satriani)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadringer_(album)=Deadringer (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moontower=Moontower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Cinema=Twin Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gabriel_(1980_album)=Peter Gabriel (1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_No_One_(Dave_Navarro_album)=Trust No One (Dave Navarro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Answer_Can_Be_Found=An Answer Can Be Found
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Start_Static=Start Static
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Mysteriis_Dom_Sathanas=De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Nothing_Like_the_Sun=...Nothing Like the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turning_Point_(Mario_album)=Turning Point (Mario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bang_Theory_(Styx_album)=Big Bang Theory (Styx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Lifted=Get Lifted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drama_(Yes_album)=Drama (Yes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(Blind_Guardian_album)=Live (Blind Guardian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_a_Woman,_I'm_a_Machine=You're a Woman, I'm a Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nattens_madrigal=Nattens Madrigal - Aatte Hymne Til Ulven I Manden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Pantera:_Far_Beyond_the_Great_Southern_Cowboys'_Vulgar_Hits!=The Best of Pantera: Far Beyond the Great Southern Cowboys' Vulgar Hits!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathcrush=Deathcrush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_the_Dawn_Heals_Us=Before the Dawn Heals Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_viaje_de_Copperpot=El viaje de Copperpot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coral_(album)=The Coral (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_of_the_Dollar=Power of the Dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiritual_Machines=Spiritual Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blueberry_Boat=Blueberry Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_Cities=Haunted Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_The_Velvet_Underground=The Very Best of The Velvet Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singles_(Basement_Jaxx_album)=The Singles (Basement Jaxx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Box_(Mariah_Carey_album)=Music Box (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Purple_in_Concert=Deep Purple in Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slates_(EP)=Slates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Quick_Fix_of_Melancholy=A Quick Fix of Melancholy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Answer_Machine%3F=The Answer Machine?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Witch_Trials=Live at the Witch Trials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Hassle=Street Hassle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dune_(soundtrack)=Dune (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_and_Medicine=Magic and Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Hymns_(Manowar_album)=Battle Hymns (Manowar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_of_Metal=Kings of Metal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade_Runner_(soundtrack)=Blade Runner (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaking_the_Tree:_Sixteen_Golden_Greats=Shaking the Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runt_(album)=Runt (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Apollo_(1963_album)=Live at the Apollo (James Brown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Can_Believe_Your_Eyes_and_Ears=If You Can Believe Your Eyes and Ears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_County_Ball=Carolina County Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hark!_The_Village_Wait=Hark! The Village Wait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Man_Mop,_or_Mr._Reservoir_Butler_Rides_Again=Ten Man Mop, or Mr. Reservoir Butler Rides Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_to_See_the_King=Please to See the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Themes_from_William_Blake's_The_Marriage_of_Heaven_and_Hell=Themes from William Blake's The Marriage of Heaven and Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Army_(album)=Tiger Army (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderland_Park=Wonderland Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wacko_Magneto=Wacko Magneto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_a_Life_(Stiff_Little_Fingers_album)=Get a Life (Stiff Little Fingers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_X_5=12 × 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rolling_Stones_No._2=The Rolling Stones No.2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_I_Rise_(album)=Still I Rise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bass-ment_Cuts=Bass-ment Cuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctus_Ignis=Sanctus Ignis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightfreak_and_the_Sons_of_Becker=Nightfreak and the Sons of Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_Invasion=The Invisible Invasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Magic_Orchestra_(album)=Yellow Magic Orchestra (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solid_State_Survivor=Solid State Survivor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudu_(album)=Dudu (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernature_(Goldfrapp_album)=Supernature (Goldfrapp)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kveldssanger=Kveldssanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Newman_(album)=Randy Newman (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vintage_Whine=Vintage Whine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souljacker=Souljacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_See_Me=You Can't See Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Push_(Bros_album)=Push (Bros)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_for_Christmas_(Amy_Grant_album)=Home for Christmas (Amy Grant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass_in_F_Minor=Mass in F Minor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystic_Man=Mystic Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inflammable_Material=Inflammable Material
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_Pecking_Order=The Grand Pecking Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borknagar_(album)=Borknagar (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Olden_Domain=The Olden Domain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Archaic_Course=The Archaic Course
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Nation's_Saving_Grace=This Nation's Saving Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Degradation_Trip=Degradation Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_O'=Apple O'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Row:_Snoop_Doggy_Dogg_at_His_Best=Death Row: Snoop Doggy Dogg at His Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paid_tha_Cost_to_Be_da_Boss=Paid tha Cost to Be da Bo$$
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snoop_Dogg_Presents..._Doggy_Style_Allstars_Vol._1=Snoop Dogg Presents...Doggy Style Allstars, Welcome to tha House Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Limit_Top_Dogg=No Limit Top Dogg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tha_Eastsidaz_(album)=Tha Eastsidaz (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hard_Way_(213_album)=The Hard Way (213)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubycon_(album)=Rubycon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Alright_(I_See_Rainbows)=It's Alright (I See Rainbows)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora's_Box_(album)=Pandora's Box (album Aerosmith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consign_to_Oblivion=Consign to Oblivion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handful_of_Rain=Handful of Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traces_of_Sadness=Traces of Sadness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanilla_Ninja_(album)=Vanilla Ninja (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Tattoo_(album)=Blue Tattoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_for_Silverman=Songs for Silverman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Moji=Moji (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_(Mariah_Carey_album)=Rainbow (Mariah Carey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Hollis_(album)=Mark Hollis (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wayward_Sons_of_Mother_Earth=The Wayward Sons of Mother Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listener_Supported=Listener Supported
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_Fiction=Gimme Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_(X_album)=Los Angeles (X)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2001_(Dr._Dre_album)=2001 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Hangs_Brightly=She Hangs Brightly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Tonight_That_I_Might_See=So Tonight That I Might See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_My_Swan=Among My Swan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_for_It_(Stiff_Little_Fingers_album)=Go for It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoko_Ono/Plastic_Ono_Band=Yoko Ono/Plastic Ono Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Psycho_(album)=American Psycho (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utada_Hikaru_Single_Collection_Vol._1=Single Collection Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventh_Sojourn=Seventh Sojourn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time3=Time3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Reveries=Ghost Reveries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octave_(album)=Octave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Good_Boy_Deserves_Favour_(album)=Every Good Boy Deserves Favour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Natural_(Bee_Gees_album)=Mr. Natural (album Bee Gees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flags_and_Emblems=Flags and Emblems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa_(Bee_Gees_album)=Odessa (Bee Gees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Distance_Voyager=Long Distance Voyager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trial_by_Fire_(Journey_album)=Trial by Fire (Journey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Wilson_(album)=Brian Wilson (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Moodies=The Magnificent Moodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charmbracelet=Charmbracelet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Groban_(album)=Josh Groban (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveling_Wilburys_Vol._3=Traveling Wilburys Vol. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Transformed_Man=The Transformed Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_(Madness_album)=7 (Madness)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Christmas_(Mariah_Carey_album)=Merry Christmas (Mariah Carey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_of_Perfect_Youth=Picture of Perfect Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Science_of_Things=The Science of Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightlife_(Thin_Lizzy_album)=Nightlife (Thin Lizzy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_Rises_in_the_East=The Sun Rises in the East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Market_Music_(album)=Black Market Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_@_the_Key_Club=Live @ the Key Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thug_Life:_Volume_1=Thug Life: Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_Hive/Exodus=Robot Hive/Exodus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duty_Now_for_the_Future=Duty Now for the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undoing_Ruin=Undoing Ruin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hate_(The_Delgados_album)=Hate (The Delgados)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halber_Mensch=Halber Mensch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Madness_(Madness_album)=Divine Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intensive_Care_(album)=Intensive Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spotlight_Kid=The Spotlight Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Things_(Zero_7_album)=Simple Things (Zero 7)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rounds_(album)=Rounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Ecstatic=Everything Ecstatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Is_Sound=Nothing Is Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandemonic_Incantations=Pandemonic Incantations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highwayman_(The_Highwaymen_album)=Highwayman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School's_Out_(album)=School's Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_Journals=Personal Journals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7-Tease=7-Tease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oral_Fixation,_Vol._2=Oral Fixation Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Be_(The_Replacements_album)=Let It Be (The Replacements)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frail_Words_Collapse=Frail Words Collapse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Die_Young=We Die Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_Knightfall=Batman: Knightfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamite_(Jamiroquai_album)=Dynamite (Jamiroquai)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Headless_Children=The Headless Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Air_for_Radios=Dead Air for Radios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_Town=America Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid_Tension_Experiment_(album)=Liquid Tension Experiment (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid_Tension_Experiment_2=Liquid Tension Experiment 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safety_(EP)=Safety E.P.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Room_(EP)=The Blue Room E.P.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mermaid_Avenue_Vol._II=Mermaid Avenue Vol. II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touched_by_the_Crimson_King=Touched by the Crimson King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Down_World=Slow Down World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donovan_(album)=Donovan (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LCD_Soundsystem_(album)=LCD Soundsystem (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Time_(Van_Morrison_album)=Magic Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guess_Who's_Back%3F=Guess Who's Back?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Personal=Strictly Personal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Last_Night_in_Sodom=This Last Night in Sodom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.A.S.P._(album)=W.A.S.P. (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street-Legal_(album)=Street Legal (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_as_Milk=Safe as Milk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_the_Inexpressible=Tales of the Inexpressible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_China=Broken China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tessie_(EP)=Tessie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_Eric_Clapton=The History of Eric Clapton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Morning=New Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaos_and_Disorder=Chaos and Disorder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_no_Dai_6_Kan=Ai no Dai 6 Kan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gospel_According_to_the_Meninblack=The Gospel According to the Meninblack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_of_Shadows=Temple of Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_folie_(album)=La Folie (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_(MxPx_album)=Panic (MxPx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirror_Man_(Captain_Beefheart_album)=Mirror Man (Captain Beefheart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psyence_Fiction=Psyence Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_&_52nd=Broadway & 52nd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan_at_Budokan=Bob Dylan at Budokan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_of_the_Stars=Lady of the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Machine_(album)=Tin Machine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dum-Dum_(album)=Dum-Dum (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crimson_Idol=The Crimson Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Reed_(album)=Lou Reed (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ideas_Above_Our_Station=Ideas Above Our Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shatterproof_Is_Not_a_Challenge=Shatterproof Is Not a Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falconer_(album)=Falconer (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Grace_(Spiritualized_album)=Amazing Grace (Spiritualized)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_(Yoko_Ono_album)=Rising (album Yoko Ono)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_Spot=Clear Spot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Me_(Bryan_Adams_album)=The Best of Me (album Bryan Adams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_(Donovan_album)=Rising (Donovan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_of_Pop=Kings of Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_It_Like_You_Mean_It=Say It Like You Mean It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Make_Yourself_at_Home_EP=The Make Yourself at Home EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Based_on_a_True_Story_(The_Starting_Line_album)=Based on a True Story (The Starting Line)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Machine_II=Tin Machine II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_of_Victory=Dawn of Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sceptre_of_Deception=The Sceptre of Deception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charge!!=Charge!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiny_Beast_(Bat_Chain_Puller)=Shiny Beast (Bat Chain Puller)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Under_the_Cork_Tree=From Under the Cork Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critical_Beatdown=Critical Beatdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Plastic=Go Plastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Rebels=Soul Rebels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasta_Revolution=Rasta Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chances_Are_(album)=Chances Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_at_the_Radar_Station=Doc at the Radar Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shout_(Devo_album)=Shout (Devo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Tread_on_Me_(album)=Don't Tread on Me (album 311)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_(Yoko_Ono_album)=Fly (album Yoko Ono)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_as_a_Really_Heavy_Thing=Heavy as a Really Heavy Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_as_a_Weapon=Music as a Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Alien_Ant_Farm_album)=Greatest Hits (Alien Ant Farm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_(Strapping_Young_Lad_album)=City (Strapping Young Lad)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strapping_Young_Lad_(album)=Strapping Young Lad (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derelicts_of_Dialect=Derelicts of Dialect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight_the_Stars_Revolt!=Tonight the Stars Revolt!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sham_Mirrors=The Sham Mirrors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Unplugged_(Mariah_Carey_EP)=MTV Unplugged (Mariah Carey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singles_(Jimmy_Eat_World_album)=Singles (Jimmy Eat World)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_of_Brutality=The Rise of Brutality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suedehead:_The_Best_of_Morrissey=Suedehead: The Best of Morrissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choose_Love=Choose Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Live_the_Kane=Long Live the Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Cohn_(album)=Marc Cohn (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_on_Ice=Blood on Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Shrinking_Dickies=The Incredible Shrinking Dickies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_of_the_Dickies=Dawn of the Dickies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stukas_Over_Disneyland=Stukas Over Disneyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QR_III=QR III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cut_(The_Slits_album)=Cut (The Slits)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stripped_Live_in_the_U.K.=Stripped Live in the UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Live_Love_(album)=Long Live Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_(Gackt_album)=Mars (Gackt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grin_&_Bear_It=Grin & Bear It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Gets_Her_Wish=Genie Gets Her Wish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Real_Dead_One=A Real Dead One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Size_Isn't_Everything=Size Isn't Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Music_in_a_Different_Kitchen=Another Music in a Different Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Again=Rising Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stray_Cats_(album)=Stray Cats (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_String_Band_(album)=The Incredible String Band (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glitter_(soundtrack)=Glitter (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(1988_Fleetwood_Mac_album)=Greatest Hits (Fleetwood Mac)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formulas_Fatal_to_the_Flesh=Formulas Fatal to the Flesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_Swine=Generation Swine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_Up_(I've_Had_Enough)=Let Me Up (I've Had Enough)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lions_(album)=Lions (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleep_Dirt=Sleep Dirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_(Curtis_Mayfield_album)=Curtis (Curtis Mayfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Not_Alone_(Breaking_Benjamin_album)=We Are Not Alone (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackout_(Dropkick_Murphys_album)=Blackout (Dropkick Murphys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plans_(album)=Plans (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cookbook=The Cookbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Revenge=The Sound of Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warnings/Promises=Warnings/Promises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changes_One_(Charles_Mingus_album)=Changes One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burzum_(album)=Burzum (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Mining=Soul Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infected_(The_The_album)=Infected (The The)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aske_(EP)=Aske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electro-Shock_Blues=Electro-Shock Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_(Yes_album)=Yes (Yes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamentations_(Live_at_Shepherd's_Bush_Empire_2003)=Lamentations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrival_(Journey_album)=Arrival (Journey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Crazy_After_All_These_Years=Still Crazy After All These Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_at_Home=Safe at Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skull_Ring=Skull Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_the_Bleeding_(Tourniquet_album)=Stop the Bleeding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_Surgery=Psycho Surgery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haha_Sound=Haha Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathogenic_Ocular_Dissonance=Pathogenic Ocular Dissonance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legendary_Tales=Legendary Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_of_a_Thousand_Flames=Rain of a Thousand Flames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Secret=The Dark Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jugulator=Jugulator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_the_Red_Sea_with_The_Adverts=Crossing the Red Sea with The Adverts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bury_the_Hatchet_(album)=Bury the Hatchet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Up_and_Smell_the_Coffee=Wake Up and Smell the Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demigod_(album)=Demigod (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapter_V_(Staind_album)=Chapter V (Staind)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_Earthworms=Music for Earthworms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extension_of_the_Wish=Extension of the Wish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soulside_Journey=Soulside Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Blaze_in_the_Northern_Sky=A Blaze in the Northern Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_a_Funeral_Moon=Under a Funeral Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transilvanian_Hunger=Transilvanian Hunger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mixtape_Messiah=The Mixtape Messiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panzerfaust_(album)=Panzerfaust (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Rain=Ocean Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_in_the_Nothing=Sleeping in the Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_of_Emptiness=Inside of Emptiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warrior's_Code=The Warrior's Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Afternoon=Blue Afternoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_Selection_(Fuel_album)=Natural Selection (Fuel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karma_(Kamelot_album)=Karma (Kamelot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Ring_Circus=The Two Ring Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crackers_International=Crackers International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild!_(Erasure_album)=Wild!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanishing_Lessons=Vanishing Lessons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcade_Fire_(EP)=Arcade Fire (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abba-esque=Abba-esque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louden_Up_Now=Louden Up Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_New_Fall_LP_(Formerly_Country_on_the_Click)=The Real New Fall LP (Formerly Country on the Click)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop!_The_First_20_Hits=Pop! The First 20 Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasure_(album)=Erasure (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboy_(album)=Cowboy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loveboat_(album)=Loveboat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hits!_The_Very_Best_of_Erasure=Hits! The Very Best of Erasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternal_(Samael_album)=Eternal (Samael)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_Red=The Burning Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supercharger_(album)=Supercharger (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_(Lou_Reed_album)=Berlin (Lou Reed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gold_Experience=The Gold Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_and_Dreaming=The Dead and Dreaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginations_Through_the_Looking_Glass=Imaginations Through the Looking Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_of_Ages..._Hymns_and_Faith=Rock of Ages... Hymns and Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_to_Yours=Heart to Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Know_(Michelle_Williams_album)=Do You Know (Michelle Williams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_(Geri_Halliwell_album)=Passion (Geri Halliwell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Blood_(Bane_album)=Give Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/18_Tracks=18 Tracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Whom_It_May_Concern...=To Whom It May Concern...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagged_Little_Pill_Acoustic=Jagged Little Pill Acoustic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremolo_(EP)=Tremolo (My Bloody Valentine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Six_Wives_of_Henry_VIII_(album)=The Six Wives of Henry VIII (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glider_(EP)=Glider (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Testament=The Best of Testament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Criminals=Little Criminals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_(Amy_Winehouse_album)=Frank (Amy Winehouse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleidoscope_World_(Swing_Out_Sister_album)=Kaleidoscope World (Swing Out Sister)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Better_to_Travel=It's Better to Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Cradle_to_Enslave=From the Cradle to Enslave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/40_Dayz_&_40_Nightz=40 Dayz & 40 Nightz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimono_My_House=Kimono My House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahmer_(album)=Dahmer (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Master_Works=Tenacious D: The Complete Masterworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stories_and_Alibis=Stories and Alibis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Globe_(album)=The Globe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recently_(EP)=Recently (Dave Matthews Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Thousand_Fists=Ten Thousand Fists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matter_+_Form=Matter + Form
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebirth_(Jennifer_Lopez_album)=Rebirth (Jennifer Lopez)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gourmandises=Gourmandises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perdition_City=Perdition City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Word_Up!_(album)=Word Up! (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Renaissance_EP=The Renaissance EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elton_John's_Greatest_Hits_Vol._3=Greatest Hits Vol. 3 (Elton John)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_with_Dirty_Faces_(Sugababes_album)=Angels with Dirty Faces (album Sugababes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Losing_Streak=Losing Streak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Songs_for_Happy_People=Happy Songs for Happy People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondo_Bongo=Mondo Bongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Baez_(album)=Joan Baez (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolene_(album)=Jolene (album Dolly Parton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_You_Come_Again=Here You Come Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Love_(Amy_Grant_album)=House of Love (album Amy Grant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Folsom_Field,_Boulder,_Colorado=Live at Folsom Field, Boulder, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seal_(1991_album)=Seal (album 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Years_(EP)=The Golden Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang_Time_(album)=Hang Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Your_Dim_Light_Shine=Let Your Dim Light Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time:_The_Singles=Once Upon a Time: The Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuts_from_the_Crypt=Cuts from the Crypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Baez/5=Joan Baez/5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_from_Danger=Gone from Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Every_Stage=From Every Stage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Winds=Gulf Winds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blowin'_Away=Blowin' Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blessed_Are...=Blessed Are...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_Me_Backwards=Play Me Backwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Cities,_Red_Seas_&_Lost_Ghosts=Dead Cities, Red Seas & Lost Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Songs_(Elton_John_album)=Love Songs (Elton John)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Cher=The Very Best of Cher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Not_a_Doctor=I Am Not a Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_to_Make_and_Do=Things to Make and Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Drama=No More Drama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statues_(album)=Statues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Worm's_Life=A Worm's Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoosh=Stoosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Death=Sonic Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whitey_Album=The Whitey Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/0898_Beautiful_South=0898 Beautiful South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_into_You=Falling into You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Revolution=Soul Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Sugar_Ray=The Best of Sugar Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Home_(Eric_Clapton_album)=Back Home (Eric Clapton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miaow_(album)=Miaow (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Is_the_Colour=Blue Is the Colour (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quench_(album)=Quench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_This_to_Your_Grave=Take This to Your Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belly_to_Belly=Belly to Belly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_the_Downstair=Up the Downstair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superbuick=Superbuick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M3_(album)=M3 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XIII_(Mushroomhead_album)=XIII (Mushroomhead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XX_(Mushroomhead_album)=XX (Mushroomhead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mushroomhead_(album)=Mushroomhead (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zos_Kia_Cultus_(Here_and_Beyond)=Zos Kia Cultus (Here and Beyond)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Painting_It_Red=Painting It Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blazing_Arrow=Blazing Arrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signs_of_Chaos:_The_Best_of_Testament=Signs of Chaos: The Best of Testament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoughts_of_a_Predicate_Felon=Thoughts of a Predicate Felon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warriors_EP=The Warriors EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_About_Fucking=Songs About Fucking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Got_to_Be_There=Got to Be There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_&_Me=Music & Me (Michael Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elton_John's_Greatest_Hits_Volume_II=Elton John's Greatest Hits Volume II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever,_Michael=Forever, Michael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day_in_Your_Life_(album)=One Day in Your Life (album Michael Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_My_Summer_Love=Farewell My Summer Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazy_Line_Painter_Jane=Lazy Line Painter Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3.._6.._9_Seconds_of_Light=3.. 6.. 9 Seconds of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damn_Yankees_(album)=Damn Yankees (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._State_of_Mind=L.A. State of Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaze_(album)=Gaze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reason_(Melanie_C_album)=Reason (Melanie C)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Intentions=Beautiful Intentions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl_Like_Me_(Emma_Bunton_album)=A Girl like Me (Emma Bunton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold:_Greatest_Hits_(Steps_album)=Gold: Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_One=Step One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_(Steps_album)=Buzz (Steps)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steptacular=Steptacular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Writing's_on_the_Wall=The Writing's on the Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Works_(Queen_album)=The Complete Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaudeville_Villain=Vaudeville Villain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_La's_(album)=The La's (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Buffalo:_July_4th,_2004=Live in Buffalo: July 4th 2004
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_Zero=Enemy Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squeeze_(The_Velvet_Underground_album)=Squeeze (The Velvet Underground)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Worlds=Little Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yin-Yang_(album)=Yin-Yang (Victor Wooten)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singles_Going_Steady=Singles Going Steady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_2003=Tour 2003
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringo_Rama=Ringo Rama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21_at_33=21 at 33
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play:_The_B_Sides=Play: The B Sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Ground_Up_(Collective_Soul_EP)=From the Ground Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthem_(Less_Than_Jake_album)=Anthem (Less Than Jake)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Donna_(album)=Bella Donna (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Love_Got_to_Do_with_It_(album)=What's Love Got to Do with It (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_and_Earth_(ProjeKct_X_album)=Heaven and Earth (ProjeKct X)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Clarity=Come Clarity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tweez=Tweez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_House_Painters_(Rollercoaster)=Red House Painters (Rollercoaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondo_Bizarro=Mondo Bizarro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chameleon_(Helloween_album)=Chameleon (Helloween)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Your_Side_(The_Black_Crowes_album)=By Your Side (The Black Crowes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seal_(1994_album)=Seal (album 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Nickels_on_the_Dime=Double Nickels on the Dime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syd_Barrett_(album)=Syd Barrett (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Clique=World Clique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Play=12 Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peel_Session_(Syd_Barrett_album)=Syd Barrett - The Peel Session
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misfits_(Misfits_album)=Collection I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous_Monsters=Famous Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Rise_(Blue_album)=All Rise (album Blue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Street_(Janet_Jackson_album)=Dream Street (Janet Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live!_Tonight!_Sold_Out!!=Live! Tonight! Sold Out!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prodigal_Stranger=The Prodigal Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veedon_Fleece=Veedon Fleece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Home_with_Me=Come Home with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Clear_Days=New Clear Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_City_(The_Jam_album)=In the City (album The Jam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_the_Modern_World=This Is the Modern World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Strike_Still_Deadly=First Strike Still Deadly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Code_Is_Red...Long_Live_the_Code=The Code Is Red...Long Live the Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hvis_lyset_tar_oss=Hvis lyset tar oss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Western_Harvest_Field_by_Moonlight=A Western Harvest Field by Moonlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Diary,_My_Teen_Angst_Has_a_Bodycount=Dear Diary, My Teen Angst Has a Body Count
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Ages_(album)=Dark Ages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shot_of_Love=Shot of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Live=Real Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Burlesque=Empire Burlesque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knocked_Out_Loaded=Knocked Out Loaded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Real_Live_One=A Real Live One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighting_the_World=Fighting the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Go_(Nada_Surf_album)=Let Go (Nada Surf)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutter_Ballet=Gutter Ballet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stereopathetic_Soulmanure=Stereopathetic Soulmanure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setting_Sons=Setting Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impossible_Remixes=Impossible Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speaking_in_Tongues_(Talking_Heads_album)=Speaking in Tongues (Talking Heads)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forgotten_Arm=The Forgotten Arm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OK_Go_(album)=OK Go (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_(Talking_Heads_album)=Naked (Talking Heads)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseland_NYC_Live=Roseland NYC Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Well_Is_the_Best_Revenge=Living Well Is the Best Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercyful_Fate_(EP)=Mercyful Fate (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beginning_(Mercyful_Fate_album)=The Beginning (Mercyful Fate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(Mercyful_Fate_album)=Time (Mercyful Fate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Unknown_(Mercyful_Fate_album)=Into the Unknown (Mercyful Fate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Again_(Mercyful_Fate_album)=Dead Again (Mercyful Fate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_in_the_Groove=Down in the Groove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Red_Sky=Under the Red Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_as_I_Been_to_You=Good as I Been to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Gone_Wrong=World Gone Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Unplugged_(Bob_Dylan_album)=MTV Unplugged (Bob Dylan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oracle_(Kittie_album)=Oracle (Kittie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_Not_Happy_'til_You're_Not_Happy=We're Not Happy 'til You're Not Happy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commit_This_to_Memory=Commit This to Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan's_Greatest_Hits=Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Afraid_of_the_Art_of_Noise%3F=Who's Afraid of the Art of Noise?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan's_Greatest_Hits_Vol._II=Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits Vol. II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_God_(album)=House of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abigail_II:_The_Revenge=Abigail II: The Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Puppet_Master_(album)=The Puppet Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambient_(album)=Ambient (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searching_for_the_Young_Soul_Rebels=Searching for the Young Soul Rebels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eternal_Idol=The Eternal Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail_to_England=Hail to England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sign_of_the_Hammer=Sign of the Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Triumph_of_Steel=The Triumph of Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warriors_of_the_World=Warriors of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Guns_(album)=L.A. Guns (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paid_in_Full_(album)=Paid in Full (album Eric B. & Rakim)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Clean_(Puddle_of_Mudd_album)=Come Clean (Puddle of Mudd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(Common_album)=Resurrection (Common)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_(The_Rapture_album)=Echoes (The Rapture)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(Sunny_Day_Real_Estate_album)=Live (Sunny Day Real Estate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackened_Sky=Blackened Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamber_Music_(Coal_Chamber_album)=Chamber Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Queen:_A_Tribute_to_Queen=Killer Queen: A Tribute to Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_Dimension_(Hypocrisy_album)=The Fourth Dimension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abducted_(album)=Abducted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_the_Final_Fantasy_VII_series=Final Fantasy VII Original Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Start_a_War=Let's Start a War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horror_Epics=Horror Epics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Before_Dishonour=Death Before Dishonour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuck_the_System=Fuck the System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_5_Christmas_Album=The Jackson 5 Christmas Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goin'_Back_to_Indiana=Goin' Back to Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lookin'_Through_the_Windows=Lookin' Through the Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jackson_5_in_Japan=In Japan!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Machine_(album)=Dancing Machine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jacksons_(album)=The Jacksons (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goin'_Places_(The_Jacksons_album)=Goin' Places (album The Jacksons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Past_Lives_(Black_Sabbath_album)=Past Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easter_(Patti_Smith_Group_album)=Easter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reverence_(Faithless_album)=Reverence (Faithless)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_8PM=Sunday 8PM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Diamond=Crazy Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Syd_Barrett:_Wouldn't_You_Miss_Me%3F=The Best of Syd Barrett: Wouldn't You Miss Me?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Sun_(Chicane_album)=Behind the Sun (Chicane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/II_(Boyz_II_Men_album)=II (Boyz II Men)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casually_Dressed_&_Deep_in_Conversation=Casually Dressed & Deep in Conversation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clap_Your_Hands_Say_Yeah_(album)=Clap Your Hands Say Yeah (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_30th_Anniversary_Concert_Celebration=The 30th Anniversary Concert Celebration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asleep_in_the_Back=Asleep in the Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cast_of_Thousands=Cast of Thousands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day_Remains=One Day Remains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Things_(Amy_Grant_album)=Simple Things (Amy Grant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_vs._Machine=Man Vs. Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_on_the_Mountain_(album)=Fire on the Mountain (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_and_the_Glory_(Gentle_Giant_album)=The Power and the Glory (Gentle Giant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan's_Greatest_Hits_Volume_3=Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits Volume 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_or_Nothing_(Milli_Vanilli_album)=All or Nothing (Milli Vanilli)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_Art_(album)=The War of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dry_As_a_Bone=Dry As a Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_the_Angel=Playing the Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bootleg_Series_Vol._4:_Bob_Dylan_Live_1966,_The_%22Royal_Albert_Hall%22_Concert=The Bootleg Series Vol. 4: Bob Dylan Live 1966, The "Royal Albert Hall" Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Bob_Dylan=The Essential Bob Dylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Feet_Like_Ours=Under Feet Like Ours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_It_Was_You=If It Was You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Business_of_Art=This Business of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Jealous=So Jealous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_on_a_Dance_Floor=Confessions on a Dance Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hints_Allegations_and_Things_Left_Unsaid=Hints Allegations and Things Left Unsaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_Final_Fantasy_VI=Musica di Final Fantasy VI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Bang_(Busta_Rhymes_album)=The Big Bang (Busta Rhymes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_of_CCTV=Stars of CCTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bootleg_Series_Vol._5:_Bob_Dylan_Live_1975,_The_Rolling_Thunder_Revue=The Bootleg Series Vol. 5: Bob Dylan Live 1975, The Rolling Thunder Revue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skydancer/Of_Chaos_and_Eternal_Night=Skydancer + Of Chaos and Eternal Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Clapton's_Rainbow_Concert=Eric Clapton's Rainbow Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Remixed=Janet. Remixed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remedy_(Basement_Jaxx_album)=Remedy (Basement Jaxx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_to_Live=Room to Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porgy_and_Bess_(Ella_Fitzgerald_and_Louis_Armstrong_album)=Porgy and Bess (Ella Fitzgerald e Louis Armstrong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bootleg_Series_Vol._6:_Bob_Dylan_Live_1964,_Concert_at_Philharmonic_Hall=The Bootleg Series Vol. 6: Bob Dylan Live 1964, Concert at Philharmonic Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bootleg_Series_Vol._7:_No_Direction_Home:_The_Soundtrack=The Bootleg Series Vol. 7: No Direction Home: The Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_The_Gaslight_1962=Live at The Gaslight 1962
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porgy_and_Bess_(Miles_Davis_album)=Porgy and Bess (Miles Davis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_Along=Move Along
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Digital_in_Stereo=Bobby Digital in Stereo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eyes_of_Alice_Cooper=The Eyes of Alice Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_MCMXCIII=Live MCMXCIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Abyss_(album)=Into the Abyss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_22_(Hypocrisy_album)=Catch 22 (Hypocrisy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arrival_(album)=The Arrival (Hypocrisy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virus_(Hypocrisy_album)=Virus (Hypocrisy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dance_(EP)=The Dance (Within Temptation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magica_(album)=Magica (Dio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'98_Live_Meltdown='98 Live Meltdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_Yourself_on_Fire=Set Yourself on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_London_(Judas_Priest_album)=Live in London (Judas Priest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demolition_(Judas_Priest_album)=Demolition (Judas Priest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Rays_of_the_New_Rising_Sun=First Rays of the New Rising Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dirty_Story:_The_Best_of_Ol'_Dirty_Bastard=The Dirty Story: The Best of Ol' Dirty Bastard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Bullet=Digital Bullet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulletproof_Wallets=Bulletproof Wallets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tical_0:_The_Prequel=Tical 0: The Prequel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Arms_Redemption=Golden Arms Redemption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immobilarity=Immobilarity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Struggle_(Cappadonna_album)=The Struggle (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pretty_Toney_Album=The Pretty Toney Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_According_to_RZA=The World According to RZA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_of_a_Man_(AZ_album)=Pieces of a Man (AZ)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Flux=Slow Flux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Boy=Animal Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1969:_The_Velvet_Underground_Live=1969: Velvet Underground Live with Lou Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_the_Dragon=Killing the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_Agony=The Phantom Agony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Chaos_and_Eternal_Night=Of Chaos and Eternal Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blank-Wave_Arcade=Blank-Wave Arcade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_(The_Velvet_Underground_album)=Gold (The Velvet Underground)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_and_Moving=Dangerous and Moving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killers_(Kiss_album)=Killers (Kiss)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steppenwolf_(Steppenwolf_album)=Steppenwolf (Steppenwolf)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_to_You=Look to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unmasked_(Kiss_album)=Unmasked (Kiss)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harem_(album)=Harem (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Words_from_the_Genius=Words from the Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lex_Diamond_Story=The Lex Diamond Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooleyhighharmony=Cooleyhighharmony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xpectation=Xpectation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Your_Birthday_Party=At Your Birthday Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slaughterhouse=The Slaughterhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chocolate_Invasion=The Chocolate Invasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_in_Control=Someone in Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy..._Hymns_and_Faith=Legacy... Hymns and Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunburst_and_Snowblind=Sunburst and Snowblind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Is_Live=Paul Is Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dressed_to_Kill_(album)=Dressed to Kill (Kiss)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_the_Light_On_(Beth_Hart_album)=Leave the Light On (Beth Hart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Around_My_Hat_(album)=All Around My Hat (Steeleye Span)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_Legacy=The Fourth Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Sighting=Second Sighting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaos_and_Creation_in_the_Backyard=Chaos and Creation in the Backyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_'Em_and_Smile=Eat 'Em and Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyscraper_(album)=Skyscraper (David Lee Roth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cries_of_the_Past=Cries of the Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_(Omarion_album)=O (album Omarion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_Two_(The_Soft_Machine_album)=Volume Two (Soft Machine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Steppenwolf=Early Steppenwolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_Are_Security=Shadows Are Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_(Steppenwolf_album)=Monster (Steppenwolf)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steppenwolf_7=Steppenwolf 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_the_Time_of_Science=Love in the Time of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Could_Have_It_So_Much_Better=You Could Have It So Much Better
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_Stripped_Bare_(album)=The Bride Stripped Bare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_the_U.S.=Back in the U.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Trax=Early Trax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Wound_Up_(album)=All Wound Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ember_to_Inferno=Ember to Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn!_Turn!_Turn!_(album)=Turn! Turn! Turn! (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifth_Dimension_(album)=Fifth Dimension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_(Kiss_album)=Kiss (Kiss)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Byrds'_Greatest_Hits=The Byrds' Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Joke_(2003_album)=Killing Joke (2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Will_Out=The Good Will Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drawn_from_Memory=Drawn from Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You've_Never_Been=If You've Never Been
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Nothing=Out of Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomsday_Machine_(album)=Doomsday Machine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_and_Roll_Over=Rock and Roll Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey's_Dead=Honey's Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finyl_Vinyl=Finyl Vinyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_A.D./Wolfs_Blood=Earth A.D./Wolfs Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_in_Numbers=Power in Numbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powerballin'=Powerballin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Es_ist_Juli=Es ist Juli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Music_for_Fat_People=Fat Music for Fat People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survival_of_the_Fattest=Fat Music Vol. II: Survival of the Fattest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physical_Fatness=Fat Music Vol. III: Physical Fatness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_in_the_Fat_Lane=Fat Music Vol. IV: Life in the Fat Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Fat,_Die_Young=Fat Music Vol. V: Live Fat, Die Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncontrollable_Fatulence=Fat Music Vol. VI: Uncontrollable Fatulence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man's_Party_(album)=Dead Man's Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Music_for_Short_People=Short Music for Short People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Byrds_&_Mr._Hyde=Dr. Byrds & Mr. Hyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twitch_(Ministry_album)=Twitch (Ministry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Yr_Idols=Kill Yr Idols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untitled_(The_Byrds_album)=(Untitled)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byrdmaniax=Byrdmaniax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Broken_Is_Easily_Fixed=When Broken Is Easily Fixed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farther_Along_(The_Byrds_album)=Farther Along
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Town_(Wings_album)=London Town (album Wings)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_the_Liquid_Sword_(album)=Legend of the Liquid Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_The_Byrds:_Greatest_Hits,_Volume_II=The Best of The Byrds: Greatest Hits, Volume II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_(Backstreet_Boys_album)=Millennium (Backstreet Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slide_It_In=Slide It In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_Fire=Confessions of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_View=Another View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TP.3_Reloaded=TP.3 Reloaded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Moving=Earth Moving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sogno=Sogno (Andrea Bocelli)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_Arias_(Andrea_Bocelli_album)=Sacred Arias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bocelli_(album)=Bocelli (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Western_Freeway=Under the Western Freeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Bubbles_Go_Ape=Pink Bubbles Go Ape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tender_Buttons_(album)=Tender Buttons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisies_of_the_Galaxy=Daisies of the Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_(album)=Prince (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tormented_(Staind_album)=Tormented (Staind)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parade_(Prince_album)=Parade (Prince)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Byrds_Play_Dylan=The Byrds Play Dylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Letdown=The Beautiful Letdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquarius_(EP)=Aquarius (Boards of Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deepest_Purple:_The_Very_Best_of_Deep_Purple=Deepest Purple: The Very Best of Deep Purple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretties_for_You=Pretties for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Action=Easy Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Way_to_Be_Human=New Way to Be Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Chin=The Legend of Chin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infrared_Roses=Infrared Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takk...=Takk...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_the_Gap_(Scooter_album)=Mind the Gap (Scooter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtain_Call:_The_Hits=Curtain Call: The Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_One_Presents_Burning_Spear=Studio One Presents Burning Spear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galyuu=Galyuu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DaDa=DaDa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Heart_Will_Always_Be_the_B-Side_to_My_Tongue=My Heart Will Always Be the B-Side to My Tongue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Soul=Best of Soul (BoA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Dead_Yet%3F=Are You Dead Yet?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaucoups_of_Blues=Beaucoups of Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentimental_Journey_(Ringo_Starr_album)=Sentimental Journey (Ringo Starr)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodnight_Vienna=Goodnight Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blast_from_Your_Past=Blast from Your Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_Number_Five=Odyssey Number Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Godless_Endeavor=This Godless Endeavor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AC/DC_Live=Live (AC/DC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_(Alice_Cooper_album)=Killer (Alice Cooper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Again_(Barclay_James_Harvest_album)=Once Again (Barclay James Harvest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Taliesyn=The Book of Taliesyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/112_(album)=112 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosby,_Stills_&_Nash_(album)=Crosby, Stills & Nash (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Wooden_Nickel_Recordings=The Complete Wooden Nickel Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Beautiful_Lie=A Beautiful Lie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Gun=Love Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Called_E=A Man Called E
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_II=Alive II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Toy_Shop=Broken Toy Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Simmons_(album)=Gene Simmons (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tissues_and_Issues=Tissues and Issues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hits/The_B-Sides=The Hits/The B-Sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Frehley_(album)=Ace Frehley (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_(Whitesnake_album)=Trouble (Whitesnake)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_an'_Willing=Ready an' Willing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovehunter=Lovehunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Stanley_(album)=Paul Stanley (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Morning=Second Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Works_(Nik_Kershaw_album)=The Works (Nik Kershaw)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Taste_the_Band=Come Taste the Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disturbing_the_Peace_(album)=Disturbing the Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snake_Bite_Love=Snake Bite Love (Motörhead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_6_(album)=Girl 6 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endless_Wire_(Gordon_Lightfoot_album)=Endless Wire (Gordon Lightfoot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Least_Worst_Of=The Least Worst Of
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Bastards=Black Bastards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lover/Fighter=Lover/Fighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynasty_(Kiss_album)=Dynasty (Kiss)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_from_%22The_Elder%22=Music from "The Elder"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creatures_of_the_Night=Creatures of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_The_Velvet_Underground:_Words_and_Music_of_Lou_Reed=The Best of The Velvet Underground: Words and Music of Lou Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lick_It_Up=Lick It Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Up_Here=Heaven Up Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porcupine_(album)=Porcupine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'92_Tour_EP='92 Tour EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Twenty-Eight=The Great Twenty-Eight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animalize=Animalize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Great_Wide_Open=Into the Great Wide Open
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asylum_(Kiss_album)=Asylum (Kiss)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Tomato_Ketchup_(album)=Emperor Tomato Ketchup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Nights=Crazy Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Boston_album)=Greatest Hits (Boston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smashes,_Thrashes_&_Hits=Smashes, Thrashes & Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Come_the_Brides_(album)=Here Come the Brides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_to_the_Telescope=Eye to the Telescope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_&_the_Bunnymen_(album)=Echo & the Bunnymen (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior_on_the_Edge_of_Time=Warrior on the Edge of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_(Gackt_album)=Crescent (Gackt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cvetak_Zanovetak=Cvetak zanovetak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babaroga_(album)=Babaroga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatalna_ljubav=Fatalna ljubav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotivna_luda=Emotivna luda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decenija=Decenija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gore_od_ljubavi=Gore od ljubavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_You_Live=Where You Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Rust=Live Rust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D'eux=D'eux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_a_Drag=Are a Drag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margerine_Eclipse=Margerine Eclipse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ballads=A Ballads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_Years_of_Jethro_Tull=20 Years of Jethro Tull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Best=A Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simply_Deep=Simply Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Hits=Crazy Frog Presents Crazy Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distort_Yourself=Distort Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candlebox_(album)=Candlebox (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Killed......_The_Zutons%3F=Who Killed...... The Zutons?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Bowie=Best of Bowie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Bowie=The Best of Bowie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trash_(Alice_Cooper_album)=Trash (Alice Cooper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fish_Out_of_Water_(Chris_Squire_album)=Fish Out of Water (Chris Squire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constrictor_(album)=Constrictor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raise_Your_Fist_and_Yell=Raise Your Fist and Yell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Temptation_(Ja_Rule_album)=The Last Temptation (Ja Rule)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Temptation_(Alice_Cooper_album)=The Last Temptation (Alice Cooper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragontown=Dragontown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brutal_Planet=Brutal Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fistful_of_Alice=A Fistful of Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newpower_Soul=Newpower Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stadium_Techno_Experience=The Stadium Techno Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocaine_Rodeo=Cocaine Rodeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victims_of_the_Future=Victims of the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labcabincalifornia=Labcabincalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Garvey_(album)=Marcus Garvey (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_for_the_Rock=Fight for the Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cream_of_Eric_Clapton=The Cream of Eric Clapton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winning_Hand=The Winning Hand (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metallic_K.O.=Metallic K.O.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenza_(album)=Kenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vault:_Old_Friends_4_Sale=The Vault: Old Friends 4 Sale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_(Ian_Brown_album)=The Greatest (Ian Brown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_There_(Wilco_album)=Being There (Wilco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Live_'94=Japan Live '94
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ExtendedancEPlay=ExtendedancEPlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveller_(Christy_Moore_album)=Traveller (Christy Moore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Are_Free=You Are Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Covers_Record=The Covers Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Made_Me_Realise=You Made Me Realise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecstasy_(My_Bloody_Valentine_album)=Ecstasy (My Bloody Valentine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_Hungry_(album)=Stay Hungry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remixed_&_Revisited=Remixed & Revisited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_Bull_at_Four=Catch Bull at Four
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_and_the_Rest=The Best and the Rest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Vibrations:_Thirty_Years_of_The_Beach_Boys=Good Vibrations: Thirty Years of The Beach Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_(Sarah_Brightman_album)=Eden (album Sarah Brightman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantasmagoria_(Nobuo_Uematsu_album)=Phantasmagoria (Nobuo Uematsu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unhallowed=Unhallowed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chairs_Missing=Chairs Missing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wages_of_Sin=Wages of Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Is_No-One_What_Will_Take_Care_of_You=There Is No-One What Will Take Care of You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Last_Blues=Viva Last Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Max's_Kansas_City=Live at Max's Kansas City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Progressive_Blues_Experiment=The Progressive Blues Experiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspended_Animation_(John_Petrucci_album)=Suspended Animation (John Petrucci)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_a_Sound=Without a Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pet_Sounds_Sessions=The Pet Sounds Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Numbers_(album)=The Magic Numbers (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clapton_Chronicles:_The_Best_of_Eric_Clapton=Clapton Chronicles - The Best of Eric Clapton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gangster_and_a_Gentleman=A Gangster and a Gentleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_Thru_Vandalism_/_When_in_Rome_Do_as_The_Vandals=Peace thru Vandalism/When in Rome Do as the Vandals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mouse_and_the_Mask=The Mouse and the Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dive_(Sarah_Brightman_album)=Dive (album Sarah Brightman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeper_of_the_Seven_Keys:_The_Legacy=Keeper of the Seven Keys - The Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitaph_(Necrophagist_album)=Epitaph (Necrophagist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Japan_Live_1999=Burning Japan Live 1999
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Shoes=Two Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_a_Bird_Now=I Am a Bird Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Do_That_on_Stage_Anymore,_Vol._1=You Can't Do That on Stage Anymore, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder,_Lightning,_Strike=Thunder, Lightning, Strike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M83_(album)=M83 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onset_of_Putrefaction=Onset of Putrefaction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_for_Order=Rage for Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Past,_Present_&_Future_(Rob_Zombie_album)=Past, Present & Future (Rob Zombie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Christmas=Ultimate Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arise_Therefore=Arise Therefore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Do_That_on_Stage_Anymore,_Vol._5=You Can't Do That on Stage Anymore, Vol. 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Details_(album)=Details (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounds_of_Summer:_The_Very_Best_of_The_Beach_Boys=Sounds of Summer: The Very Best of The Beach Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purpendicular=Purpendicular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Times_(The_Chameleons_album)=Strange Times (The Chameleons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicles_(The_Velvet_Underground_album)=Chronicles (The Velvet Underground)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Do_That_on_Stage_Anymore,_Vol._6=You Can't Do That on Stage Anymore, Vol. 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suit_(album)=Suit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Commercial=Strictly Commercial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Succumbs=Succumbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulp_Fiction_(soundtrack)=Pulp Fiction (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrio_Fino=Barrio fino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endangered_Species_(Big_Pun_album)=Endangered Species (Big Pun)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Queen=Little Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertical_Man=Vertical Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VH1_Storytellers_(Ringo_Starr_album)=VH1 Storytellers (Ringo Starr)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Be_Santa_Claus=I Wanna Be Santa Claus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anthology..._So_Far=The Anthology...So Far
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reality_of_My_Surroundings=The Reality of My Surroundings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_(Yello_album)=Baby (Yello)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soulful_Moods_of_Marvin_Gaye=The Soulful Moods of Marvin Gaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zebra_(Yello_album)=Zebra (Yello)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocket_Universe=Pocket Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never,_Neverland=Never, Neverland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_Man_(album)=Trouble Man (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Passenger=Another Passenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaders_of_the_Free_World=Leaders of the Free World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knife_Play=Knife Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ill_Na_Na=Ill Na Na
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Dark_(Grateful_Dead_album)=In the Dark (Grateful Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerfield_(album)=Centerfield (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSN_(album)=CSN (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_(America_album)=America (America)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Dominic's_Preview=Saint Dominic's Preview
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Band_and_the_Street_Choir=His Band and the Street Choir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Nose_the_Highway=Hard Nose the Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Too_Late_to_Stop_Now=It's Too Late to Stop Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fahrenheit_(Toto_album)=Fahrenheit (Toto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Movement=The Love Movement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Life_(Guy_Sebastian_album)=Beautiful Life (Guy Sebastian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Years_of_Decay=The Years of Decay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Turn_Away=Don't Turn Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Under_a_Bad_Sign=Born Under a Bad Sign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenny_(album)=Lenny (Lenny Kravitz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daylight_Again=Daylight Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Recordings_(album)=American Recordings (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_The_Doobies=Best of the Doobies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Your_Feet_or_on_Your_Knees=On Your Feet or on Your Knees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drawing_Restraint_9_(album)=Drawing Restraint 9 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagles_Greatest_Hits,_Vol._2=Eagles Greatest Hits, Vol.2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_Affects=Sound Affects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fabulous_Johnny_Cash=The Fabulous Johnny Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arch_Allies:_Live_at_Riverport=Arch Allies: Live at Riverport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hymns_by_Johnny_Cash=Hymns by Johnny Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_Necessary=Very Necessary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_of_God_(album)=Enemy of God (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Time=On Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Funk_(album)=Grand Funk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closer_to_Home=Closer to Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survival_(Grand_Funk_Railroad_album)=Survival (Grand Funk Railroad)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E_Pluribus_Funk=E Pluribus Funk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_(Grand_Funk_Railroad_album)=Phoenix (Grand Funk Railroad)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_an_American_Band=We're an American Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_(Peter_Gabriel_album)=Up (Peter Gabriel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_World_Live=Secret World Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OVO=OVO (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumble_(album)=Fumble (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunnel_of_Love_(EP)=Tunnel of Love (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_Here's_Johnny_Cash=Now Here's Johnny Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Roxy_Theatre=Live at the Roxy Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheap_Trick_(1977_album)=Cheap Trick (1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Album_(Grand_Funk_Railroad_album)=Live Album (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_a_Nice_Day_(Bon_Jovi_album)=Have a Nice Day (album Bon Jovi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control:_The_Remixes=Control: The Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hymns_from_the_Heart=Hymns from the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telegraph_(album)=Telegraph (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_10_Year_Limited_Edition_Anniversary_Box_Set=The 10 Year Limited Edition Anniversary Box Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Album_of_the_Soundtrack_of_the_Trailer_of_the_Film_of_Monty_Python_and_the_Holy_Grail=The Album of the Soundtrack of the Trailer of the Film of Monty Python and the Holy Grail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python_Live_at_City_Center=Monty Python Live at City Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_The_Meaning_of_Life_(album)=Monty Python's The Meaning of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upsetters_14_Dub_Blackboard_Jungle=Upsetters 14 Dub Blackboard Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduation_(album)=Graduation (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Ocean_Blue=Pacific Ocean Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3rd:_Love_Paradise=3rd: Love Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roast_Fish_Collie_Weed_&_Corn_Bread=Roast Fish Collie Weed & Corn Bread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hot_Piece_of_Grass=A Hot Piece of Grass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockin'_the_Joint=Rockin' the Joint (Aerosmith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Yer_Ya-Ya's_Out!_The_Rolling_Stones_in_Concert=Get Yer Ya-Ya's Out!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocked_&_Loaded=Cocked & Loaded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesshows=Yesshows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Yes=Classic Yes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannicap_Circus=Hannicap Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Johnny_Cash=The Sound of Johnny Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Love_Bone_(album)=Mother Love Bone (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Ape=Super Ape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dingleberry_Haze=Dingleberry Haze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Eat_World_(1994_album)=Jimmy Eat World (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_I_Borrow_a_Dollar%3F=Can I Borrow a Dollar?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebirth_of_a_Nation=Rebirth of a Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sense_of_Wonder=A Sense of Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blondie_(album)=Blondie (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Love=Sunday Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldorado_(EP)=Eldorado (Neil Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood,_Sweat_and_Tears_(album)=Blood, Sweat and Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crow_Sit_on_Blood_Tree=Crow Sit on Blood Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Period_of_Transition=A Period of Transition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loco_Live=Loco Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_the_Horn=The Man with the Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boggy_Depot=Boggy Depot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthem_of_the_Sun=Anthem of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piece_of_Cake_(album)=Piece of Cake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Brother_the_Cow=My Brother the Cow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Hit_Today=Tomorrow Hit Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Since_We've_Become_Translucent=Since We've Become Translucent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valenti_(album)=Valenti (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_We_Are!=Shine We Are!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Honesty=Love & Honesty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_(BoA_album)=My Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_on_Top_(album)=Girls on Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listen_to_My_Heart_(BoA_album)=Listen to My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gems_(Aerosmith_album)=Gems (Aerosmith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rips_the_Covers_Off=Rips the Covers Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_God_We_Trust_(Stryper_album)=In God We Trust (Stryper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomahawk_(album)=Tomahawk (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Law=Against the Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mit_Gas=Mit Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_Ain't_Nothing_but_a_Number=Age Ain't Nothing but a Number
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entreat=Entreat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anniemal=Anniemal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loud_as_Fuck=Loud as F@*k
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mummer_(album)=Mummer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Champ=Grand Champ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Music=White Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_2=Go2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drums_and_Wires=Drums and Wires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paint_by_Number_(album)=Paint by Number
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wavelength_(album)=Wavelength (Van Morrison)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraterrestrial_Live=Extraterrestrial Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Seconds_to_Mars_(album)=30 Seconds to Mars (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Ninja=Club Ninja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Here_(The_Academy_Is..._album)=Almost Here (The Academy Is...)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bigger_Bang=A Bigger Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_Silence_and_Solitude=Behind Silence and Solitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Darkened_Heart=This Darkened Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Use_Your_Fingers=Use Your Fingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooray_for_Boobies=Hooray for Boobies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckcherry_(album)=Buckcherry (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_New_Favourite_Band=Your New Favourite Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Beautiful_Music=Strange Beautiful Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_We_Quit_the_Forest=How We Quit the Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backstreet's_Back=Backstreet's Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoobastank_(album)=Hoobastank (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clumsy_(Our_Lady_Peace_album)=Clumsy (album Our Lady Peace)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happiness..._Is_Not_a_Fish_That_You_Can_Catch=Happiness... Is Not a Fish That You Can Catch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_a_Happy_Family:_A_Tribute_to_Ramones=We're a Happy Family - A Tribute to Ramones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_(Our_Lady_Peace_album)=Gravity (Our Lady Peace)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhinoplasty_(EP)=Rhinoplasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gratitude_(Earth,_Wind_&_Fire_album)=Gratitude (Earth, Wind & Fire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felons_and_Revolutionaries=Felons and Revolutionaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_Gang_of_Love=Chain Gang of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Forbid=Heaven Forbid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmacy=Harmacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lot_About_Livin'_(And_a_Little_'bout_Love)=A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Michael_Jackson=The Essential Michael Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automatic_Writing_(album)=Automatic Writing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solitude/Solitaire=Solitude/Solitaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_More_Story=One More Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Falling_Down=World Falling Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nas_&_Ill_Will_Records_Presents_QB's_Finest=Nas & Ill Will Records Presents QB's Finest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Clear_Voice=One Clear Voice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Perfect_World=Another Perfect World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Just_Gotta_Love_Christmas=You Just Gotta Love Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cure_in_Orange=The Cure in Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buhloone_Mindstate=Buhloone Mindstate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Det_som_engang_var=Det som engang var
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Allergic=Double Allergic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckless_(Bryan_Adams_album)=Reckless (Bryan Adams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evita_(soundtrack)=Evita (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garth_Brooks_(album)=Garth Brooks (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_Django=Return of Django
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_Shower=Rhythm Shower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curse_of_the_Hidden_Mirror=Curse of the Hidden Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Rockview=Hello Rockview
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Long_Day's_Night=A Long Day's Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_Dub=Revolution Dub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastwood_Rides_Again=Eastwood Rides Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCartney_II=McCartney II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloak_&_Dagger_(The_Upsetters_album)=Cloak and Dagger (The Upsetters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychedelic_Sexfunk_Live_from_Heaven=Psychedelic Sexfunk Live from Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_of_the_Monkees=More of the Monkees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monkees_(album)=The Monkees (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scatman's_World=Scatman's World (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctus_Diavolos=Sanctus Diavolos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Music=Into the Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_One=Common One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_View=Special View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plastic_Letters=Plastic Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_to_the_Beat=Eat to the Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locust_Abortion_Technician=Locust Abortion Technician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hairway_to_Steven=Hairway to Steven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monkees_Present=The Monkees Present
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changes_(The_Monkees_album)=Changes (The Monkees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pool_It!=Pool It!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3D_(TLC_album)=3D (TLC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon's_Kiss=Dragon's Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mezzamorphis=Mezzamorphis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Given_Thursday=Any Given Thursday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Ain't_Easy_(Long_John_Baldry_album)=It Ain't Easy (Long John Baldry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_True_Meaning=The True Meaning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Get_Wet=I Get Wet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Donington_(Iron_Maiden_album)=Live at Donington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buddha_of_Suburbia_(soundtrack)=The Buddha of Suburbia (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_EP_(Breaking_Benjamin_EP)=Live EP (Breaking Benjamin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amen_(Amen_album)=Amen (album Amen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birds,_The_Bees_&_The_Monkees=The Birds, The Bees & The Monkees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Sour_(album)=Stone Sour (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_a_Dull_Moment_(Rod_Stewart_album)=Never a Dull Moment (Rod Stewart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experience_Hendrix:_The_Best_of_Jimi_Hendrix=Experience Hendrix: The Best of Jimi Hendrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_(The_Calling_album)=Two (The Calling)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camino_Palmero=Camino Palmero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt's_Mood=Matt's Mood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Speed_of_Life=At the Speed of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Really_Want_to_Do_(album)=All I Really Want to Do (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_White=The Sound of White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autoamerican=Autoamerican
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_and_Love_(The_Pogues_album)=Peace and Love (The Pogues)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsession_(Eighteen_Visions_album)=Obsession (Eighteen Visions)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_or_Damn=Symphony or Damn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vibrator_(album)=Vibrator (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doggy_Bag=Doggy Bag (Bow Wow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morbid_Tales=Morbid Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Make_Good=Summer Make Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classics_Live_I_and_II=Classics Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Blondie=The Best of Blondie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_(Henry_Cow_album)=Leg End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unrest_(Henry_Cow_album)=Unrest (Henry Cow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Straights=Desperate Straights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Praise_of_Learning=In Praise of Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reactionary_(album)=Reactionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Ladder=White Ladder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Lost_(The_Magnetic_Fields_album)=Get Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_Aweigh=Days Aweigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closer_(Josh_Groban_album)=Closer (Josh Groban)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Dark_and_Hell_Is_Hot=It's Dark and Hell Is Hot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mwng=Mwng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Apathy=American Apathy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabulous_Disaster=Fabulous Disaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounding_the_Seventh_Trumpet=Sounding the Seventh Trumpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warmness_on_the_Soul=Warmness on the Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_the_Fallen=Waking the Fallen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Evil=City of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_on_a_Thin_Line=Walking on a Thin Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identity_(Zee_album)=Identity (Zee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Labyrinth_(Dead_Can_Dance_album)=Into the Labyrinth (Dead Can Dance)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_Chamber_(album)=Coal Chamber (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxy_Music_(album)=Roxy Music (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scenes_(album)=Scenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manifesto_(Roxy_Music_album)=Manifesto (Roxy Music)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awake:_The_Best_of_Live=Awake: The Best of Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tempest_(album)=The Tempest (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nice_Talking_to_Me=Nice Talking to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unholy_(Martin_Grech_album)=Unholy (Martin Grech)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skylarking=Skylarking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasures_of_the_Flesh=Pleasures of the Flesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Depression_(Blindside_album)=The Great Depression (Blindside)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Powter_(album)=Daniel Powter (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Dance_(Steps_album)=The Last Dance (Steps)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aoxomoxoa=Aoxomoxoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_von_Bullshit_Rides_Again=Baron von Bullshit Rides Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7:_The_Best_of_Stryper=7: The Best of Stryper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_Weeks:_Live_in_America,_2003=7 Weeks: Live in America, 2003
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_Road_(EP)=The High Road (Roxy Music)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_(Hayley_Westenra_album)=Pure (Hayley Westenra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_the_Remix_(Destiny's_Child_album)=This Is the Remix (Destiny's Child)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_and_Found_(Will_Smith_album)=Lost and Found (Will Smith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unleashed_(Bow_Wow_album)=Unleashed (Bow Wow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanted_(Bow_Wow_album)=Wanted (Bow Wow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hex_Enduction_Hour=Hex Enduction Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Kelly_(album)=R. Kelly (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dub_Side_of_the_Moon=Dub Side of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_of_the_Arcane_Delights=Garden of the Arcane Delights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butchered_at_Birth=Butchered at Birth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(Dope_album)=LIFE (Dope)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Styx_album)=Greatest Hits (Styx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razorblade_Suitcase=Razorblade Suitcase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healthy_in_Paranoid_Times=Healthy in Paranoid Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annihilation_of_the_Wicked=Annihilation of the Wicked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Blue_(Chris_Isaak_album)=Forever Blue (Chris Isaak)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(Our_Lady_Peace_album)=Live (Our Lady Peace)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireflies_(Faith_Hill_album)=Fireflies (Faith Hill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Willie_Style=Big Willie Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willennium=Willennium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Mind_(Front_Line_Assembly_album)=State of Mind (Front Line Assembly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seduction_of_Claude_Debussy=The Seduction of Claude Debussy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KooKoo=KooKoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockbird=Rockbird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnification_(album)=Magnification
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Lyttle_(album)=Kevin Lyttle (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restless_(Xzibit_album)=Restless (Xzibit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_+_Swallow=Kiss + Swallow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Joy_Is_My_Low=Your Joy Is My Low
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Def,_Dumb_&_Blonde=Def, Dumb and Blonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_Is_My_Business=Rhythm Is My Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheap_Thrills=Cheap Thrills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Swings=Rock Swings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Lake_(album)=Cold Lake (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Lust:_The_Aerosmith_Anthology=Young Lust - The Aerosmith Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remagine=Remagine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible_Circles=Invisible Circles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Allman_Brothers_Band_(album)=The Allman Brothers Band (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_in_Concert_(album)=Elvis in Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDonald_and_Giles=McDonald and Giles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Pix=Moon Pix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primitive_Man_(album)=Primitive Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_(Cynic_album)=Focus (Cynic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolate_Factory=Chocolate Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TP-2.com=TP-2.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_People/U_Saved_Me=Happy People/U Saved Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_R._in_R&B_Collection,_Vol._1=The R. in R&B Collection, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_Robot_(Giant_Robot_album)=Giant Robot (Giant Robot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_a_Net=Without a Net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Kraft=Love Kraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Berzerker_(album)=The Berzerker (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stress:_The_Extinction_Agenda=Stress: The Extinction Agenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horse_Rotorvator=Horse Rotorvator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Relax=Super Relax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrap_Your_Arms_Around_Me=Wrap Your Arms Around Me (Agnetha Fältskog)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Sings_Broadway=Ella Sings Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_to_Remember=Something to Remember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvation_(Alphaville_album)=Salvation (Alphaville)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Yes_I_Can=Oh Yes I Can
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_(Paris_Hilton_album)=Paris (Paris Hilton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singles:_The_First_Ten_Years=The Singles: The First Ten Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Would_the_Community_Think=What Would the Community Think
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tip_(album)=Tip (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Young_Dudes_(album)=All the Young Dudes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_(album)=Mott (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_the_Night=Welcome the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_the_Shade=Made in the Shade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Alex=Smart Alex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_of_Creation=Crown of Creation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Christmas_Strait_to_You!=Merry Christmas Strait to You!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Ain't_Lovin'_You_Ain't_Livin'=If You Ain't Lovin' You Ain't Livin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slapp_Happy_(album)=Slapp Happy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adiemus:_Songs_of_Sanctuary=Adiemus: Songs of Sanctuary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Royal_(album)=Crown Royal (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawks_&_Doves=Hawks & Doves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_About_the_Girls=It's All About the Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(The_Corrs_album)=Home (The Corrs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adiemus_V:_Vocalise=Adiemus V: Vocalise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Ross_(1970_album)=Diana Ross (album 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrender_(Diana_Ross_album)=Surrender (album Diana Ross)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Is_Everything_(Diana_Ross_album)=Everything Is Everything (Diana Ross)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_&_Marvin=Diana & Marvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Ross_(1976_album)=Diana Ross (album 1976)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_(album)=Diana (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Sign_of_the_Black_Mark=Under the Sign of the Black Mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fingers_Crossed=Fingers Crossed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_Country_(I'm_10,000_Years_Old)=Elvis Country (I'm 10,000 Years Old)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Letters_from_Elvis=Love Letters from Elvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_in_Love=Almost in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_Now=Elvis Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Touched_Me_(album)=He Touched Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essence_(Lucinda_Williams_album)=Essence (Lucinda Williams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Without_Tears=World Without Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Old_World=Sweet Old World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramblin'=Ramblin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throttle_Junkies=Throttle Junkies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wailing_Wailers=The Wailing Wailers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Heat=After the Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_of_a_Woman=Eyes of a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Colouring_Book=My Colouring Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_in_da_Corner=Boy in da Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Willin'=Lord Willin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kylie's_Non-Stop_History_50+1=Kylie's Non-Stop History 50+1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Male_(album)=Male (Foetus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Campfire_Headphase=The Campfire Headphase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deaf_(album)=Deaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ache_(album)=Ache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace,_Love_&_Truth=Peace, Love & Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Talk=Street Talk (Steve Perry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beg_for_Mercy=Beg for Mercy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Can't_Dance=Sally Can't Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringo's_Rotogravure=Ringo's Rotogravure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_at_Them_Beans=Look at Them Beans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_and_Everyone=Master and Everyone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderland_(McFly_album)=Wonderland (McFly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Velvet_(album)=International Velvet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searching_for_a_Former_Clarity=Searching for a Former Clarity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ooooooohhh..._On_the_TLC_Tip=Ooooooohhh.... On the TLC Tip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Stories_(Talking_Heads_album)=True Stories (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Low_for_Zero=Too Low for Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_on_Fire=Ice on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reg_Strikes_Back=Reg Strikes Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_England_(Elton_John_album)=Made in England (album Elton John)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Musicola=Radio Musicola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Racing=Human Racing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hormonally_Yours=Hormonally Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Self-Destructive_Pattern=Self-Destructive Pattern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Blue_Light=The House of Blue Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaves_and_Masters=Slaves & Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_Rages_On...=The Battle Rages On...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hide_from_the_Sun=Hide from the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olias_of_Sunhillow=Olias of Sunhillow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweat_(Nelly_album)=Sweat (Nelly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Roses=For the Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_of_Aisles=Miles of Aisles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuthin'_Fancy=Nuthin' Fancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loud_(Timo_Maas_album)=Loud (Timo Maas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringo_the_4th=Ringo the 4th
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zooma=Zooma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_(Morphine_album)=Yes (Morphine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Sam_(soundtrack)=Music from and Inspired by the Motion Picture Soundtrack: I Am Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heat_(Jesse_Malin_album)=The Heat (Jesse Malin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searching_for_Jerry_Garcia=Searching for Jerry Garcia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Day_(David_Sylvian_and_Robert_Fripp_album)=The First Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Struggle=The Beautiful Struggle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lichtgestalt=Lichtgestalt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soap_Opera_(album)=The Kinks Present a Soap Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_(Sunny_Day_Real_Estate_album)=Diary (Sunny Day Real Estate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits:_My_Prerogative_(video)=Greatest Hits: My Prerogative (DVD)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desolation_Boulevard=Desolation Boulevard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Us_a_Wink=Give Us a Wink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinda_Kinks=Kinda Kinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Standing_(EP)=Still Standing EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanging_in_the_Balance=Hanging in the Balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_On_till_Morning_(album)=Straight On till Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unia=Unia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kink_Kontroversy=The Kink Kontroversy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Like_Us_(The_Mamas_&_the_Papas_album)=People Like Us (The Mamas & the Papas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generations_(Journey_album)=Generations (Journey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peppermint_Pig=Peppermint Pig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aikea-Guinea=Aikea-Guinea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_to_a_Seagull=Song to a Seagull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clouds_(Joni_Mitchell_album)=Clouds (Joni Mitchell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mingus_(Joni_Mitchell_album)=Mingus (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_and_Light_(Joni_Mitchell_album)=Shadows and Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Rush=Into the Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nail_(album)=Nail (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Coming_(Shotgun_Messiah_album)=Second Coming (Shotgun Messiah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gash_(Foetus_album)=Gash (Foetus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath_the_Encasing_of_Ashes=Beneath the Encasing of Ashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_Greatest=Wings Greatest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipes_of_Peace=Pipes of Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringing_Down_the_Horse=Bringing Down the Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_My_Regards_to_Broad_Street=Give My Regards to Broad Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wallflowers_(album)=The Wallflowers (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breach_(The_Wallflowers_album)=Breach (The Wallflowers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Press_to_Play=Press to Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_of_Ages:_The_Definitive_Collection=Rock of Ages: The Definitive Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebel,_Sweetheart=Rebel, Sweetheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Different_Light=Different Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_the_Tiger_(album)=Ride the Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Breaking=The Art of Breaking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Is_Rotted_One_Note=Music Is Rotted One Note
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Know_Squarepusher=Do You Know Squarepusher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_Lucky=Looking for Lucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Valley_of_the_Murderdolls=Beyond the Valley of the Murderdolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Hands_of_a_Sadist_Nation=Hidden Hands of a Sadist Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Class_Hero:_The_Definitive_Lennon=Working Class Hero: The Definitive Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Inside=New Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_2_(album)=Earth 2 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Radio_Controversy=The Great Radio Controversy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Change_(album)=The Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vheissu=Vheissu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_an_Old_Friend's_Hand=Hold an Old Friend's Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Jukebox=Metal Jukebox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Things_Run_Fast=Wild Things Run Fast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Eat_Dog_(Joni_Mitchell_album)=Dog Eat Dog (Joni Mitchell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelema.6=Thelema.6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_(The_Cult_album)=Electric (The Cult)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grom_(album)=Grom (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_My_Way_(Ben_Kweller_album)=On My Way (Ben Kweller)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sventevith_(Storming_Near_the_Baltic)=Sventevith (Storming Near the Baltic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_(Akon_album)=Trouble (Akon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Outside_(Starsailor_album)=On the Outside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Front=Behind the Front
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridging_the_Gap_(Black_Eyed_Peas_album)=Bridging the Gap (Black Eyed Peas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maestro_(Kaizers_Orchestra_album)=Maestro (Kaizers Orchestra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathory_(album)=Bathory (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Fire_Death=Blood Fire Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammerheart=Hammerheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolf_(Andrew_W.K._album)=The Wolf (Andrew W.K.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Heart_(album)=The Wild Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_(Common_album)=Be (Common)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_(The_Jesus_Lizard_album)=Head (The Jesus Lizard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowers_in_the_Dirt=Flowers in the Dirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiffany_(album)=Tiffany (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_Happening_(album)=Beat Happening (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Circle_(Boyz_II_Men_album)=Full Circle (Boyz II Men)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throwback,_Vol._1=Throwback, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_(Boyz_II_Men_album)=Evolution (Boyz II Men)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Interpretations=Christmas Interpretations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolutionary_Vol._2=Revolutionary Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripping_the_Live_Fantastic=Tripping the Live Fantastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ass_Cobra=Ass Cobra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unplugged_(The_Official_Bootleg)=Unplugged - The Official Bootleg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Right_Reasons=All the Right Reasons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_in_Slow_Motion=Life in Slow Motion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elocation=Elocation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_&_Blue_(Backstreet_Boys_album)=Black & Blue (Backstreet Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Love,_My_Life_(album)=My Love, My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frida_(album)=Frida (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something's_Going_On=Something's Going On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grind_Date=The Grind Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Ground=Off the Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Fences=No Fences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonded_by_Blood=Bonded by Blood (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1970:_The_Complete_Fun_House_Sessions=1970: The Complete Fun House Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macula_Transfer=Macula Transfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Life=Diamond Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_Stone_(album)=Standing Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covenant_(Morbid_Angel_album)=Covenant (Morbid Angel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Together_We're_Heavy=Together We're Heavy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonesome_Jubilee=The Lonesome Jubilee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Classical=Working Classical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_Sound_Collage=Liverpool Sound Collage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funky_Dory=Funky Dory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(The_Jackson_5_album)=Greatest Hits (The Jackson 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales_of_the_Ramones=Weird Tales of the Ramones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_(The_Jacksons_album)=Victory (The Jacksons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2300_Jackson_Street=2300 Jackson Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gun_(soundtrack)=Top Gun (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Sign_(album)=The Seventh Sign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironman_(Ghostface_Killah_album)=Ironman (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_If_and_Especially_When=Even If and Especially When
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rushes_(album)=Rushes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky's_the_Limit_(The_Temptations_album)=Sky's the Limit (The Temptations)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunlandic_Twins=The Sunlandic Twins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeah!_(Def_Leppard_album)=Yeah! (Def Leppard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tago_Mago=Tago Mago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Writer_(album)=Writer (Carole King)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aglio_e_Olio_(EP)=Aglio e Olio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ropin'_the_Wind=Ropin' the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfinished_Business_(Jay-Z_and_R._Kelly_album)=Unfinished Business (R. Kelly e Jay-Z)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Ways_to_Scream_Your_Name=Seven Ways to Scream Your Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_George_Harrison=The Best of George Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterpiece_(The_Temptations_album)=Masterpiece (album The Temptations)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Directions=All Directions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solid_Rock_(The_Temptations_album)=Solid Rock (The Temptations)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_in_a_Shallow_Bay=Echoes in a Shallow Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Dynamine=Tiny Dynamine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flex-Able_Leftovers=Flex-Able Leftovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Jays_(album)=Blue Jays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Iron_Maiden=The Essential Iron Maiden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_and_Nowhere=Nothing and Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Games_(album)=Computer Games (George Clinton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superfuzz_Bigmuff=Superfuzz Bigmuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ectopia_(album)=Ectopia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_Resurrection=West Coast Resurrection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untold_Story,_Vol._2=Untold Story, Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bag_of_Tricks=Bag of Tricks (Annihilator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Hell=Alice in Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedrock_(EP)=Bedrock (Foetus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigpile=Pigpile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentimento=Sentimento (Andrea Bocelli)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Give_Me_Names=Don't Give Me Names
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_of_the_Grey_Lantern=Attack of the Grey Lantern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmerdale_(album)=Emmerdale (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time's_Up_(Living_Colour_album)=Time's Up (Living Colour)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Impossibility_of_Reason=The Impossibility of Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Collection_(Barry_White_album)=The Ultimate Collection (Barry White)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rife=Rife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Songs_(Neil_Diamond_album)=12 Songs (Neil Diamond)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scream_(album)=The Scream (Siouxsie and the Banshees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Join_Hands=Join Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleidoscope_(Siouxsie_and_the_Banshees_album)=Kaleidoscope (Siouxsie and the Banshees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juju_(Siouxsie_and_the_Banshees_album)=Juju (Siouxsie and the Banshees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kiss_in_the_Dreamhouse=A Kiss in the Dreamhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinderbox_(Siouxsie_and_the_Banshees_album)=Tinderbox (Siouxsie and the Banshees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superfuzz_Bigmuff_Plus_Early_Singles=Superfuzz Bigmuff Plus Early Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peepshow_(album)=Peepshow (Siouxsie and the Banshees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_Upon_a_Time:_The_Singles=Twice Upon a Time: The Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munki=Munki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Siouxsie_and_the_Banshees=The Best Of (Siouxsie and the Banshees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Year_Itch_(Siouxsie_and_the_Banshees_album)=The Seven Year Itch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Dreams_and_Forbidden_Fire=Secret Dreams and Forbidden Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downside_Up=Downside Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muse_Sick-n-Hour_Mess_Age=Muse Sick-n-Hour Mess Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_One_Can_Do_It_Better=No One Can Do It Better
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Boy_(Ringo_Starr_album)=Bad Boy (Ringo Starr)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introduction_(Marty_Friedman_album)=Introduction (Marty Friedman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Morrissey=¡The Best of!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Morrissey=World of Morrissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Earls_Court=Live at Earls Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_X_(album)=Generation X (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_of_the_Dolls_(album)=Valley of the Dolls (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_and_Smell_the_Roses=Stop and Smell the Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_Your_Colour=Hold Your Colour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Me..._Then=This Is Me... Then
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Wave=Old Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starr_Struck:_Best_of_Ringo_Starr,_Vol._2=Starr Struck: Best of Ringo Starr, Vol.2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Got_Their_Something=Everybody Got Their Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine_(EP)=Machine (Yeah Yeah Yeahs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Here=Be Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Cares_a_Lot%3F=Who Cares a Lot?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too-Rye-Ay=Too-Rye-Ay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Stand_Me_Down=Don't Stand Me Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Temptations=Meet the Temptations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gettin'_Ready=Gettin' Ready
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud_Nine_(The_Temptations_album)=Cloud Nine (album The Temptations)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showtime_(Dizzee_Rascal_album)=Showtime (Dizzee Rascal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upstairs_at_Eric's=Upstairs at Eric's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Tom_Club_(album)=Tom Tom Club (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idol_Songs:_11_of_the_Best=Idol Songs: 11 of the Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legion_(album)=Legion (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringo_Starr_and_His_All-Starr_Band=Ringo Starr and His All-Starr Band...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigger,_Better,_Faster,_More!=Bigger, Better, Faster, More!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Dreams=Ancient Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream,_Dracula,_Scream!=Scream, Dracula, Scream!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Takes_Time=Time Takes Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bananarama_(album)=Bananarama (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Confessions_(album)=True Confessions (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wow!_(Bananarama_album)=Wow!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beast_from_the_East=Beast from the East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Brandy=The Best of Brandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimaira_(album)=Chimaira (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_on_St._Patrick's_Day_from_Boston,_MA=Live on St. Patrick's Day from Boston, MA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranded_(album)=Stranded (Roxy Music)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Videos=Welcome to the Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWF_Forceable_Entry=WWF Forceable Entry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_What_If_We're_on_Mystic!=So What If We're on Mystic!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorry_Ma,_Forgot_to_Take_Out_the_Trash=Sorry Ma, Forgot to Take Out the Trash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_P.M.R.C._Can_Suck_on_This=The P.M.R.C. Can Suck on This!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taller_in_More_Ways=Taller in More Ways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hootenanny_(The_Replacements_album)=Hootenanny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puzzle_People=Puzzle People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_(The_Magnetic_Fields_album)=Holiday (The Magnetic Fields)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rejuvenation_(The_Meters_album)=Rejuvenation (The Meters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_to_You_(The_Carpenters_album)=Close to You (The Carpenters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Have_(album)=All I Have (Amerie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Is_the_Mindkiller=Fear Is the Mindkiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatefiles=Hatefiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_That_I_Am=The Way That I Am
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_the_Sunshine_In_(album)=Let the Sunshine In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Child_(The_Supremes_album)=Love Child (album Diana Ross & The Supremes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_and_Music_from_%22She's_the_One%22=Songs and Music from "She's the One"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grayfolded=Grayfolded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Me=I Am Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristyles=Kristyles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bug_(Dinosaur_Jr._album)=Bug (Dinosaur Jr.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/!!!_(album)=!!! (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temptin'_Temptations=The Temptin' Temptations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temptations_Sing_Smokey=The Temptations Sing Smokey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_for_You_(Annihilator_album)=All for You (Annihilator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He's_the_DJ,_I'm_the_Rapper=He's the DJ, I'm the Rapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_in_This_Corner...=And in This Corner...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homebase_(album)=Homebase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Red_(DJ_Jazzy_Jeff_&_the_Fresh_Prince_album)=Code Red (DJ Jazzy Jeff & the Fresh Prince)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_in_Us_All=Stranger in Us All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Mix!=Party Mix!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_at_Eleven=Pictures at Eleven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Biscuit_Flower_Hour_Presents_Ringo_&_His_New_All-Starr_Band=King Biscuit Flower Hour Presents Ringo & His New All-Starr Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Principle_of_Moments=The Principle of Moments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflections_(The_Supremes_album)=Reflections (The Supremes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_of_Love=Wings of Love (The Temptations)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truly_for_You=Truly for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.M._(Wilco_album)=A.M. (Wilco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filigree_&_Shadow=Filigree & Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamboree_(Beat_Happening_album)=Jamboree (Beat Happening)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Quarter:_Jimmy_Page_and_Robert_Plant_Unledded=No Quarter: Jimmy Page and Robert Plant Unledded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabool=Mabool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABBA_Live=ABBA Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woods_(album)=The Woods (Sleater-Kinney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightclubbing_(Grace_Jones_album)=Nightclubbing (Grace Jones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reek_of_Putrefaction=Reek of Putrefaction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Recordings_2004=Live Recordings 2004
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twentythree=T W E N T Y T H R E E
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis_(Rotting_Christ_album)=Genesis (Rotting Christ)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khronos_(Rotting_Christ_album)=Khronos (Rotting Christ)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleep_of_the_Angels=Sleep of the Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dead_Poem=A Dead Poem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triarchy_of_the_Lost_Lovers=Triarchy of the Lost Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thy_Mighty_Contract=Thy Mighty Contract
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_Myself_I=Me Myself I (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mingus_Ah_Um=Mingus Ah Um
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rising_Tied=The Rising Tied
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Iron_Curtain_(video)=Behind the Iron Curtain (Iron Maiden)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Side_Trax=Side Trax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_at_Duke's_Place=Ella at Duke's Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Collection_(The_Who_album)=The Ultimate Collection (The Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdy_(Peter_Gabriel_album)=Birdy (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plays_Live=Plays Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragnet_(album)=Dragnet (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe's_Corsage=Joe's Corsage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FZ:OZ=FZ:OZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_(Frank_Zappa_album)=Halloween (Frank Zappa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proud_Like_a_God=Proud Like a God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_and_the_Pan_(album)=Flash and the Pan (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Wants_Out=Inside Wants Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Hostile_Takeover=Another Hostile Takeover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_Shots_on_the_Rocks=Twelve Shots on the Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grateful_Dead_(album)=Grateful Dead (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classified_(Bond_album)=Classified (Bond)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Does_Humor_Belong_in_Music%3F_(album)=Does Humor Belong in Music?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunkka=Bunkka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Hunter=Ed Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/93_'til_Infinity=93 'til Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trinity_(album)=The Trinity (Sean Paul)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_Black_Mountain=Songs from Black Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Science_(Laurie_Anderson_album)=Big Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_in_an_Ultra_World=Alive in an Ultra World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_and_Get_It_(Rachel_Stevens_album)=Come and Get It (Rachel Stevens)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_to_You_(Frank_Sinatra_album)=Close to You (Frank Sinatra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Ritual_(album)=Blood Ritual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_the_Sun=Music of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tons_of_Sobs=Tons of Sobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storytelling_(Belle_and_Sebastian_album)=Storytelling (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Triptych=The Triptych
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_for_Suckers=Love Is for Suckers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity_Land=Infinity Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pain_Is_Love=Pain Is Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Isaak_(album)=Chris Isaak (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Got_Tonight=Always Got Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_(Chris_Isaak_album)=Christmas (Chris Isaak)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_in_the_Night_(UFO_album)=Strangers in the Night (UFO)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_(Free_album)=Free (Free)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamland_Manor=Dreamland Manor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak_No_Evil=Speak No Evil (Wayne Shorter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JuJu_(album)=JuJu (Wayne Shorter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_We_Are_Six_(album)=Now We Are Six (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fate_of_Nations=Fate of Nations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_in_Transit=Everything in Transit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_and_Water_(Free_album)=Fire and Water (Free)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desensitized_(Drowning_Pool_album)=Desensitized (Drowning Pool)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_on_the_Road=Death on the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rickie_Lee_Jones_(album)=Rickie Lee Jones (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Brains_(album)=Bad Brains (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_On_Brightly=Shine on Brightly (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Experience=The Beautiful Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zappa_in_New_York=Zappa in New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_(Free_album)=Highway (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One-Trick_Pony_(album)=One-Trick Pony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_Happened_to_Jugula%3F=Whatever Happened to Jugula?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_In_Sound_from_Way_Out!_(Beastie_Boys_album)=The in Sound from Way Out!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perverted_by_Language=Perverted by Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerial_(album)=Aerial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Testify_(P.O.D._album)=Testify (P.O.D.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thickfreakness=Thickfreakness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_House_(Fairport_Convention_album)=Full House (Fairport Convention)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That_Remains_(album)=All That Remains (Fozzy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Live!=Free Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Champions=Return of the Champions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Venus_Volume_1=Apple Venus Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_and_Frightening_World_Of...=The Wonderful and Frightening World of The Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_Tan=Studio Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orchestral_Favorites=Orchestral Favorites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happenstance_(Fozzy_album)=Happenstance (Fozzy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Diverse_City=Welcome to Diverse City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catching_Tales=Catching Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honkytonk_University=Honkytonk University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock'n_Y'all=Shock'n Y'all
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Got_Live_If_You_Want_It!_(EP)=Got Live If You Want It! (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghetto_Fabolous=Ghetto Fabolous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auf_der_Maur_(album)=Auf der Maur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Central_Park_Concert=The Central Park Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Private_Heaven=A Private Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Myself=Being Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.A.F.T.:_A_Story_About_Dogs,_Androids,_Firemen_and_Tomatoes=D.A.F.T.: A Story About Dogs, Androids, Firemen and Tomatoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Alarm_Remixed=Silent Alarm Remixed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.Lo_(album)=J. Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_High_(Commodores_album)=Natural High (Commodores)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(Procol_Harum_album)=Home (Procol Harum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_K&D_Sessions=The K & D Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_in_the_Family=Running in the Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Camera_(Peter_Hammill_album)=In Camera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Past,_Darkly_(Big_Hits_Vol._2)=Through the Past, Darkly (Big Hits Vol.2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can-I-Bus=Can-I-Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2000_B.C._(Before_Can-I-Bus)=2000 B.C. (Before Can-I-Bus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mic_Club:_The_Curriculum=Mic Club: The Curriculum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_at_Last_(Free_album)=Free at Last (Free)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Survivors=Street Survivors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coat_of_Many_Colors=Coat of Many Colors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Wrecking_Ball!=Welcome to the Wrecking Ball!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hate_Yourself_with_Style=Hate Yourself with Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Salty_Dog=A Salty Dog (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20,000_Watt_R.S.L.=20,000 Watt R.S.L.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Me_Now=This Is Me Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Heartbreak=Mister Heartbreak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandemonium_(Killing_Joke_album)=Pandemonium (Killing Joke)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_You_Live=Love You Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Strip=Tales from the Strip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_&_White_050505=Black & White 050505
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battleship_Potemkin_(album)=Battleship Potemkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non-Stop_Erotic_Cabaret=Non-Stop Erotic Cabaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Procol_Harum_Live:_In_Concert_with_the_Edmonton_Symphony_Orchestra=Procol Harum Live with the Edmonton Symphony Orchestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Title_TK=Title TK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_More_from_the_Road=One More from the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_(Kiss_album)=Gold (Kiss)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tha_Blue_Carpet_Treatment=Tha Blue Carpet Treatment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreaker_(Free_album)=Heartbreaker (Free)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falco_3=Falco 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus_(album)=Justus (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sucking_in_the_Seventies=Sucking in the Seventies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_(The_Bangles_album)=Everything (The Bangles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(The_Bangles_album)=Greatest Hits (The Bangles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doll_Revolution=Doll Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_It:_The_Best_of_Faith_No_More=This Is It: The Best of Faith No More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulez_Conducts_Zappa:_The_Perfect_Stranger=Boulez Conducts Zappa: The Perfect Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardust_(Willie_Nelson_album)=Stardust (Willie Nelson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Procol's_Ninth=Procol's Ninth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exotic_Birds_and_Fruit=Exotic Birds and Fruit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Magic=Something Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Well's_on_Fire=The Well's on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Goodbye_(Procol_Harum_album)=The Long Goodbye (Procol Harum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electro-Shock_Blues_Show=Electro-Shock Blues Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Once_Loyal=Those Once Loyal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation:_Mindcrime_II=Operation: Mindcrime II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megaton_Shotblast=Megaton Shotblast!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_(Jimi_Hendrix_album)=Blues (Jimi Hendrix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyudi_Invalidy=Ljudi invalidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(Ricky_Martin_album)=Life (Ricky Martin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Youth=Alien Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashpoint_(album)=Flashpoint (The Rolling Stones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Calm=Big Calm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charango_(album)=Charango (Morcheeba)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PCD_(album)=PCD (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Zappa_Meets_the_Mothers_of_Prevention=Frank Zappa Meets the Mothers of Prevention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Symphony_Orchestra,_Vol._II=London Symphony Orchestra, Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clones_of_Dr._Funkenstein=The Clones of Dr. Funkenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voodoo_Lounge=Voodoo Lounge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frenz_Experiment=The Frenz Experiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instant_Replay_(The_Monkees_album)=Instant Replay (The Monkees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Experience=The Ultimate Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solitude_Standing=Solitude Standing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridges_to_Babylon=Bridges to Babylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dandys_Rule_OK=Dandys Rule OK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...The_Dandy_Warhols_Come_Down=The Dandy Warhols Come Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_Tales_from_Urban_Bohemia=Thirteen Tales From Urban Bohemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Security=No Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odditorium_or_Warlords_of_Mars=Odditorium or Warlords of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_for_Dead_(Crazy_Horse_album)=Left for Dead (Crazy Horse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goddess_in_Progress=Goddess in Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_in_the_Streets_(Helix_album)=Wild in the Streets (Helix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guitar_(Frank_Zappa_album)=Guitar (Frank Zappa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Hot_Rocks_(Big_Hits_&_Fazed_Cookies)=More Hot Rocks (Big Hits & Fazed Cookies)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help!:_A_Day_in_the_Life=Help!: A Day in the Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Word_Is_Live=The Word Is Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Much_Pressure=Too Much Pressure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_Circus=Psycho Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...There_and_Then=...There and Then
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singles_Collection:_The_London_Years=Singles Collection: The London Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carnegie_Hall_Concert:_June_18,_1971=The Carnegie Hall Concert: June 18, 1971
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Whirl_Odor=New Whirl Odor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible_Connections=Invisible Connections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rolling_Stones_Rock_and_Roll_Circus_(album)=The Rolling Stones Rock and Roll Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuck_(EP)=Stuck (Puddle of Mudd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Fun_in_the_New_World=More Fun in the New World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Macy_Gray=The Very Best of Macy Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe_'72=Europe '72
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_Love_Grand!=Ain't Love Grand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Haze=Blue Haze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_of_Souls:_The_Final_Sessions=Carnival of Souls: The Final Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_(Sarah_Brightman_album)=Fly (Sarah Brightman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Certificate_(album)=Death Certificate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Love_Trilogy=A Love Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Lee_Lewis_(album)=Jerry Lee Lewis (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Measure_a_Planet%3F=How to Measure a Planet?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puta's_Fever=Puta's Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmit_Disrupt=Transmit Disrupt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Bongo=King of Bongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_the_Boss=She's the Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfsbane_(album)=Wolfsbane (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Saints_(All_Saints_album)=All Saints (All Saints)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primitive_Cool=Primitive Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thug_Misses=Thug Misses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Sessions_(The_Jimi_Hendrix_Experience_album)=BBC Sessions (Jimi Hendrix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuckin_A=Fuckin A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goddess_in_the_Doorway=Goddess in the Doorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Runs_Red=River Runs Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugly_(Life_of_Agony_album)=Ugly (Life of Agony)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1,2,3_Soleils=1,2,3 Soleils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Babylon=Casa Babylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Letter_(Gackt_album)=Love Letter (Gackt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesyears=Yesyears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Is_a_Ghetto=The World Is a Ghetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diabolos_(Gackt_album)=DIABOLOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_+_Shade=Light + Shade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lights_and_Sounds=Lights and Sounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faithless_Street=Faithless Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Then_and_Now_(The_Who_album)=The Who: Then and Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesstory=Yesstory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Searching_Sun=Soul Searching Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unplugged_at_the_Lowlands_Festival_'97=Unplugged at the Lowlands Festival '97
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Was_All_a_Dream_(Dream_album)=It Was All a Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_(White_Lion_album)=Pride (White Lion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nearly_Human=Nearly Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Me_(album)=That's Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Fellas=The New Fellas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_'Em_In_(Mando_Diao_album)=Bring 'Em In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_(Yes_album)=Talk (Yes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Parts_per_Million=More Parts per Million
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Sessions_(Cream_album)=BBC Sessions (Cream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Blink-182_album)=Greatest Hits (Blink-182)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Swimming=Like Swimming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payable_on_Death_Live=Payable on Death Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Mississippi_(Brendan_Benson_album)=One Mississippi (Brendan Benson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scabdates=Scabdates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bend_Sinister_(album)=Bend Sinister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Happy_Go_Lucky=Mr. Happy Go Lucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarecrow_(John_Mellencamp_album)=Scarecrow (John Mellencamp)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_&_Gold_(Neil_Young_album)=Silver & Gold (Neil Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Valley=Broken Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scars_(Soil_album)=Scars (Soil)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Antidote_(Morcheeba_album)=The Antidote (Morcheeba)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enter_Suicidal_Angels=Enter Suicidal Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_It_Out=Live It Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Funeral=World Funeral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak_for_Yourself=Speak for Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_Hell_(Ryan_Adams_album)=Love Is Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einzelhaft=Einzelhaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotional_(Falco_album)=Emotional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nachtflug=Nachtflug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fox_(Elton_John_album)=The Fox (Elton John)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Hearts=Breaking Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Hits_Volume_I=Van Halen: Video Hits, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_to_New_Dreams=Here's to New Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Days_of_Wine_and_Roses=The Days of Wine and Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_World=Big World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platinum_&_Gold_Collection_(Ace_of_Base_album)=Platinum & Gold Collection (Ace of Base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Collection_(Ace_of_Base_album)=The Ultimate Collection (Ace of Base)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cripple_Crow=Cripple Crow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Isle_of_Wight_Festival_1970_(The_Who_album)=Live at the Isle of Wight Festival 1970 (The Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Your_Eyes_(Yes_album)=Open Your Eyes (Yes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitter_Suites_to_Succubi=Bitter Suites to Succubi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utopia_Banished=Utopia Banished
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ladder_(Yes_album)=The Ladder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Want_It_You_Got_It=You Want It You Got It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_(Wham!_album)=Fantastic (Wham!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playmate_of_the_Year_(album)=Playmate of the Year (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Live=United States Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Angels_(Laurie_Anderson_album)=Strange Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligence_and_Violence=Intelligence and Violence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Way_Ticket_to_Hell..._and_Back=One Way Ticket to Hell... and Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9.0:_Live=9.0: Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_Wind=Prairie Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonfly_(Ziggy_Marley_album)=Dragonfly (Ziggy Marley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_(album)=Hit (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freek_Show=Freek Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Book_(album)=The Green Book (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutant_(Vol._2)=Mutant (Vol. 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_Remixes=Yes Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twist_and_Shout_(EP)=Twist and Shout (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane_Bar=Hurricane Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_Heads_Roll=Fall Heads Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Bites=Live Bites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Yes:_35th_Anniversary_Collection=The Ultimate Yes: 35th Anniversary Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_II_Eye=Eye II Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Trance=In Trance (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taken_by_Force=Taken by Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_World_(Scorpions_album)=Crazy World (Scorpions)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Magnetism_(Scorpions_album)=Animal Magnetism (Scorpions)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Instinct=Pure Instinct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moment_of_Glory=Moment of Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engines_of_Creation_(album)=Engines of Creation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acoustica_(Scorpions_album)=Acoustica (Scorpions)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Tapes_(album)=Tokyo Tapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wide_Live=World Wide Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ask_for_It=Ask for It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sieg_Howdy!=Sieg Howdy!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_the_Sun=Kill the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carly_Simon_(album)=Carly Simon (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Moon_Rising:_The_Best_of_Creedence_Clearwater_Revival=Bad Moon Rising: The Best of Creedence Clearwater Revival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Paradox=An American Paradox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N'ssi_N'ssi=N'ssi N'ssi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_a_Dive_(Strung_Out_album)=Live in a Dive: Strung Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahra=Sahra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Imagine_How_Much_Fun_We're_Having=You Can't Imagine How Much Fun We're Having
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angel_and_the_Dark_River=The Angel and the Dark River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/34.788%25...Complete=34.788%...Complete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Gods_of_the_Sun=Like Gods of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nice_'n'_Easy=Nice 'n' Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_of_Me:_Remixes_and_Covers=Army of Me: Remixes and Covers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentle_Giant_(album)=Gentle Giant (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Picture_(Elton_John_album)=The Big Picture (Elton John)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pre-Madonna=Pre-Madonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_and_the_Cobra=The Lion and the Cobra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critical_Mass_(Threshold_album)=Critical Mass (Threshold)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fopp_(EP)=Fopp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Concert_in_Japan=Last Concert in Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colors_of_the_Day=Colors of the Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_(Bonnie_Tyler_album)=Wings (Bonnie Tyler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_Hip-Pop=Queen of Hip-Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unleash_the_Fury=Unleash the Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Style_(Namie_Amuro_album)=Style (Namie Amuro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(Guano_Apes_album)=Live (Guano Apes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Baddest_Bitch=Da Baddest Bitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Princess_(album)=Diamond Princess (Trina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glamorest_Life=Glamorest Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_the_Dead_(album)=Waking the Dead (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witching_Hour=The Witching Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Hardcore=American Hardcore (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasted_(L.A._Guns_EP)=Wasted (L.A. Guns)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicious_Circle_(L.A._Guns_album)=Vicious Circle (L.A. Guns)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live!_Vampires=Live! Vampires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_in_Satin=Lady in Satin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_It_On_Again:_The_Hits=Turn It On Again: The Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_Fall_Apart_(album)=Things Fall Apart (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_We_Walk,_Volume_One:_The_Shorts=The Way We Walk, Volume One: The Shorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_We_Walk,_Volume_Two:_The_Longs=The Way We Walk, Volume Two: The Longs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switch_(INXS_album)=Switch (INXS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Ozzy_Osbourne=The Essential Ozzy Osbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Papas_&_The_Mamas=The Papas & the Mamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_the_Rules_(album)=Break the Rules (Namie Amuro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genius_2000=Genius 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concentration_20=Concentration 20
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe's_Domage=Joe's Domage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Opposite_from_Within=The Opposite from Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changesonebowie=ChangesOneBowie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Count_(album)=Body Count (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_State_(album)=Golden State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duces_'n_Trayz:_The_Old_Fashioned_Way=Duces 'n Trayz: The Old Fashioned Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Against_the_Wall=Back Against the Wall (Billy Sherwood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_B._Coming=The B. Coming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Do_It=Born to Do It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_Goes...=The Story Goes...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slicker_Than_Your_Average=Slicker Than Your Average
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helloween_(EP)=Helloween (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amplified_(Q-Tip_album)=Amplified
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_6=On the 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Road_(Gary_Barlow_album)=Open Road (album Gary Barlow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_Breakers_with_Eric_Clapton=Blues Breakers with Eric Clapton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hard_Road=A Hard Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elements_of_Persuasion=Elements of Persuasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutty_Rock=Dutty Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_One=Stage One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redefine_(Soil_album)=Redefine (Soil)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piece_by_Piece_(Katie_Melua_album)=Piece by Piece (Katie Melua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_1919_(album)=Paris 1919
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadcast_(Cutting_Crew_album)=Broadcast (Cutting Crew)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apologies_to_the_Queen_Mary=Apologies to the Queen Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fires_at_Midnight=Fires at Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donkey_Rhubarb_(EP)=Donkey Rhubarb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Game_Is_to_Be_Sold,_Not_to_Be_Told=Da Game Is to Be Sold, Not to Be Told
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figure_8_(album)=Figure 8 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/III_Sides_to_Every_Story=III Sides to Every Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playground_Psychotics=Playground Psychotics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Did_Our_Love_Go_(album)=Where Did Our Love Go (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildflower_(Sheryl_Crow_album)=Wildflower (Sheryl Crow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zebrahead_(album)=Zebrahead (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Kite_String_Pops=When the Kite String Pops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waste_of_MFZB=Waste of MFZB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Hits_(High_Tide_and_Green_Grass)=Big Hits (High Tide and Green Grass)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Herbs,_Vols._9_&_0=Special Herbs, Vols. 9 & 0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labour_of_Lust=Labour of Lust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Try!=Try!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_the_Murder_Scene=Life on the Murder Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Lasts..._But_Nothing_Is_Lost=Nothing Lasts...But Nothing Is Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Real_(album)=So Real (album Mandy Moore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrinking_Violet_(album)=Shrinking Violet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Broadway=Hello Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tribute_to_the_Great_Nat_%22King%22_Cole=A Tribute to the Great Nat "King" Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weight_Is_a_Gift=The Weight Is a Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Both_Sides_of_the_Brain=Both Sides of the Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Horse_They_Rode_In_On=And the Horse They Rode in On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_Back_My_Bullets=Gimme Back My Bullets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repeat_When_Necessary=Repeat When Necessary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kettle_Whistle=Kettle Whistle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_More_Personal_(Raw)=A Little More Personal (Raw)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(NSYNC_album)=Greatest Hits ('N Sync)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clones_(album)=The Neptunes Present... Clones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malesch=Malesch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_of_the_Artist_as_a_Young_Ram=Portrait of the Artist as a Young Ram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live-Evil_(Miles_Davis_album)=Live-Evil (Miles Davis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frengers=Frengers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Glass_Handed_Kites=And the Glass Handed Kites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judgement_(Anathema_album)=Judgement (Anathema)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wretched_Spawn=The Wretched Spawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infotainment_Scan=The Infotainment Scan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sheep_Boy=Black Sheep Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Gone_Wild:_Thee_Album=Red Gone Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classics_in_the_Key_of_G=Classics in the Key of G
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocked_&_Re-Loaded=Cocked & Re-Loaded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_the_Moon_(L.A._Guns_album)=Man in the Moon (L.A. Guns)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Bitches_Brew_Sessions=The Complete Bitches Brew Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vapen_&_ammunition=Vapen & ammunition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_in_Me=Revolution in Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MF_EP=MF EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punks_Not_Dead=Punk's Not Dead (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_(Simply_Red_album)=Stars (album Simply Red)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guest_(album)=The Guest (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smokefest_Underground=Smokefest Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Episodes=The Lost Episodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangable_Auto_Bulb=Hangable Auto Bulb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_in_a_Bible=Bullet in a Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snivilisation=Snivilisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expanding_Senses=Expanding Senses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z_(My_Morning_Jacket_album)=Z (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel,_Crazy_Beautiful_World=Cruel, Crazy, Beautiful World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Craft_(album)=The Craft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singles_Collection,_Volume_2=Singles Collection, Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_(album)=101 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Are_the_Vistas=These Are the Vistas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tennessee_Fire=The Tennessee Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Clapton_(album)=Eric Clapton (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Ethiopia=Radio Ethiopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stain_(album)=Stain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_Collection_(Bananarama_album)=The Greatest Hits Collection (Bananarama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Pie_(album)=Cherry Pie (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_the_World_of_Adventures=Back in the World of Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Kloot_(album)=I Am Kloot (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chieftains_(album)=The Chieftains (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chieftains_2=The Chieftains 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chieftains_3=The Chieftains 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chieftains_4=The Chieftains 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faster_Pussycat_(album)=Faster Pussycat (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Visages_des_Figures=Des visages des figures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rising_Tide_(Sunny_Day_Real_Estate_album)=The Rising Tide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraphobic=Ultraphobic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_I_Offended_Someone%3F=Have I Offended Someone?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Impressions_of_Earth=First Impressions of Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life's_a_Riot_with_Spy_vs_Spy=Life's a Riot with Spy Vs Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_When_You're_Winning=Swing When You're Winning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Robbie_Williams_album)=Greatest Hits (Robbie Williams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Knebworth=Live at Knebworth (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_Math=The Fall of Math
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coming=The Coming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyone_into_Position=Everyone Into Position
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Access:d=Access:d
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beck-Ola=Beck-Ola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divinities:_Twelve_Dances_with_God=Divinities: Twelve Dances with God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_Against_This_Land=Turn Against This Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barely_Legal_(album)=Barely Legal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Disc=Mystery Disc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Pain_Money_Can_Buy=All the Pain Money Can Buy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamtime_(The_Stranglers_album)=Dreamtime (The Stranglers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_(The_Stranglers_album)=10 (The Stranglers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live:_A_Night_on_the_Strip=Live: A Night on the Strip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ego_Has_Landed=The Ego Has Landed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aural_Sculpture=Aural Sculpture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranglers_in_the_Night=Stranglers in the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Time_(The_Stranglers_album)=About Time (The Stranglers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coup_de_Grace_(The_Stranglers_album)=Coup de Grace (The Stranglers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Is_Healing_Nicely=Everything Is Healing Nicely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Glass_House=In a Glass House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_Sinatra=Moonlight Sinatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_a_Day_Like_Today_(album)=On a Day Like Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borders_&_Boundaries=Borders & Boundaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_into_Light=Walk Into Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watertown_(album)=Watertown (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Travelling_Blues=Time Travelling Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Strange,_Innocence=How Strange, Innocence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah's_Ark_(album)=Noah's Ark (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Used_&_Abused_In_Live_We_Trust=Used & Abused: In Live We Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R30:_30th_Anniversary_World_Tour=R30: 30th Anniversary World Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Covers:_Essential_Red_Hot_Chili_Peppers=Under the Covers: Essential Red Hot Chili Peppers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Hand=Free Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walls_of_Jericho_(album)=Walls of Jericho (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Of:_Hollywood_a_Go-Go=Best Of: Hollywood A Go-Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_Foreplay=Holiday Foreplay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Be_Your_Man_(EP)=I Wanna Be Your Man (L.A. Guns)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheetah-licious_Christmas=Cheetah-licious Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_Sangre=Mi sangre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collection_(Alanis_Morissette_album)=Alanis Morissette: The Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_Peace_Love=Light Peace Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringleader_of_the_Tormentors=Ringleader of the Tormentors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything's_Eventual_(album)=Everything's Eventual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_(Shaznay_Lewis_album)=Open (Shaznay Lewis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Remix_Album_(All_Saints_album)=The Remix Album (All Saints)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saints_&_Sinners_(All_Saints_album)=Saints & Sinners (All Saints)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Hits=All Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faking_the_Books=Faking the Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Someone_in_Love_(Ella_Fitzgerald_album)=Like Someone in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_(This_Mortal_Coil_album)=Blood (This Mortal Coil)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B_Is_for_B-sides=B Is for B-sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_(Neal_Morse_album)=One (Neal Morse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Celebration_of_Guilt=A Celebration of Guilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O.F.R._(album)=O.F.R.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Alone_(Frank_Sinatra_album)=All Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood-Rooted=Blood-Rooted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duets:_The_Final_Chapter=Duets: the Final Chapter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Present_for_Everyone=A Present for Everyone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Who_Tell_the_Truth_Shall_Die,_Those_Who_Tell_the_Truth_Shall_Live_Forever=Those Who Tell the Truth Shall Die, Those Who Tell the Truth Shall Live Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Screams=Pleasant Screams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rather_Ripped=Rather Ripped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Cream=Live Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Mystery=No Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scurrilous=Scurrilous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_History_(I_Am_Kloot_album)=Natural History (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_Frank_Sinatra=The Voice of Frank Sinatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Us_and_Them_(Shinedown_album)=Us and Them (Shinedown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_XXX=Chicago XXX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Pain_(album)=House of Pain (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_as_It_Ever_Was=Same as It Ever Was
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_Crushed_to_Earth_Shall_Rise_Again=Truth Crushed to Earth Shall Rise Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamrocks_&_Shenanigans=Shamrocks & Shenanigans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Jamrock=Welcome to Jamrock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disclaimer_II=Disclaimer II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budakhan_Mindphone=Budakhan Mindphone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_(John_Coltrane_album)=Crescent (John Coltrane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selection_Sixteen=Selection Sixteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coltrane_Plays_the_Blues=Coltrane Plays the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Fly=Born to Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubber_Factory=Rubber Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.W.O.L._(album)=A.W.O.L. (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_They_Shot_a_Hole_in_the_Jesus_Egg=The Day They Shot a Hole in the Jesus Egg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sub_Pop_200=Sub Pop 200
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Earth_Is_Not_a_Cold_Dead_Place=The Earth Is Not a Cold Dead Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smash_Your_Head_Against_the_Wall=Smash Your Head Against the Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genius_&_Friends=Genius & Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Years_and_Through_the_Woods=Over the Years and Through the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Happy!_(Ella_Fitzgerald_album)=Get Happy!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idlewild_(Outkast_album)=Idlewild (OutKast)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_We_Could_Only_See_Us_Now=If We Could Only See Us Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Earth,_a_Small_Man,_His_Dog_and_a_Chicken=The Earth, a Small Man, His Dog and a Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheels_Are_Turnin'=Wheels Are Turnin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frehley's_Comet_(album)=Frehley's Comet (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_Dance=Romance Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Not_Dead=I'm Not Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Night_Tales:_Jamiroquai=LateNightTales: Jamiroquai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naughty_by_Nature_(album)=Naughty by Nature (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Time_for_All_Time=One Time for All Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarathustra_(album)=Zarathustra (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Spirit_(album)=Teen Spirit (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draconian_Times=Draconian Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville_City_Nights=Jacksonville City Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Reservation_(album)=Central Reservation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Veil_(album)=Beyond the Veil (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Glass_(album)=World of Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Say_Ozzy=Just Say Ozzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounding_a_Mosaic=Sounding a Mosaic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Manual_Dexterity:_Soundtrack_Volume_One=A Manual Dexterity: Soundtrack Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wave_(Patti_Smith_Group_album)=Wave (Patti Smith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Cream_Volume_II=Live Cream Volume II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envane=Envane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamboat_Annie=Dreamboat Annie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_for_Swingin'_Lovers!=Songs for Swingin' Lovers!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Roxy_(Social_Distortion_album)=Live at the Roxy (Social Distortion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_of_Life=Dream of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_or_Nothing_(Fat_Joe_album)=All or Nothing (Fat Joe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_Again=Gone Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_Serenade_(Carly_Simon_album)=Moonlight Serenade (Carly Simon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Square=Perfect Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finally_the_Punk_Rockers_Are_Taking_Acid=Finally the Punk Rockers Are Taking Acid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telekon=Telekon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans_(album)=Trans (Neil Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minimum-Maximum_(video)=Minimum-Maximum (video)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_for_Stink=Hungry for Stink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_and_Noise=Peace and Noise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gung_Ho_(album)=Gung Ho (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Sun_(Eric_Clapton_album)=Behind the Sun (Eric Clapton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trampin'=Trampin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_(Screaming_Trees_album)=Dust (Screaming Trees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hair_of_the_Dog_(album)=Hair of the Dog (album Nazareth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throw_Down_Your_Arms=Throw Down Your Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaten_Back_to_Life=Eaten Back to Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizium=Elizium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckingham_Nicks=Buckingham Nicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karmacode=Karmacode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equally_Cursed_and_Blessed=Equally Cursed and Blessed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peoples_Champ=The Peoples Champ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Generation:_The_Very_Best_of_The_Who=My Generation: The Very Best of the Who
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_on_One_(Cheap_Trick_album)=One on One (Cheap Trick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nia_(album)=Nia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_the_Human_Fly=Henry the Human Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_to_See_the_Bright_Lights_Tonight=I Want to See the Bright Lights Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokey_Pokey_(album)=Hokey Pokey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_You_till_Tuesday_(film)=Love You Till Tuesday (video)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pour_Down_Like_Silver=Pour Down Like Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_1's_(Destiny's_Child_album)=Number 1's (Destiny's Child)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_Whitney=Love, Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boi-ngo=Boi-ngo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amongst_the_Catacombs_of_Nephren-Ka=Amongst the Catacombs of Nephren-Ka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_(Shanice_album)=Discovery (Shanice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inhuman_Rampage=Inhuman Rampage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_of_the_Behemoth=Flight of the Behemoth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White2=White2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankly_Sentimental=Frankly Sentimental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_and_Dance_with_Frank_Sinatra=Swing and Dance with Frank Sinatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_Out_the_Lights=Shoot Out the Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Steady_Live=Rock Steady Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epistemological_Despondency=Epistemological Despondency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soviet_Kitsch=Soviet Kitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stumble.Stop.Repeat=Stumble.Stop.Repeat.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unplugged_(Alicia_Keys_album)=Unplugged (Alicia Keys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Am_I_Not_Your_Girl%3F=Am I Not Your Girl?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Mother=Universal Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_and_Courage=Faith and Courage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_On_(Dr._Dre)_187um_Killa=It's On (Dr. Dre) 187um Killa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionheart_(Saxon_album)=Lionheart (Saxon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Ground=Killing Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Metal_Thunder_(Saxon_album)=Heavy Metal Thunder (Saxon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogs_of_War_(album)=Dogs of War (Saxon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Light_(HIM_album)=Dark Light (HIM)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Rebellion=The Art of Rebellion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Older_(album)=Older
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_This_Chapter=The End of This Chapter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerolito=Guerolito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sung_Tongs=Sung Tongs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_They're_Gone,_Spirit_They've_Vanished=Spirit They're Gone, Spirit They've Vanished
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danse_Manatee=Danse Manatee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_the_Indian=Here Comes the Indian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Grande_Blood=Rio Grande Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warriors_EP,_Volume_2=The Warriors EP, Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheels_of_Steel=Wheels of Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strong_Arm_of_the_Law=Strong Arm of the Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalk_Mark_in_a_Rain_Storm=Chalk Mark in a Rain Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denim_and_Leather=Denim and Leather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screw_It!=Screw It!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Sessions_(Saxon_album)=BBC Sessions (Saxon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxon_(album)=Saxon (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Ten_Years_(Joan_Baez_album)=The First 10 Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Extra_Gravity=Super Extra Gravity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_After_(album)=The Day After (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Root_Fire=Root Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campfire_Songs_(album)=Campfire Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratosfear=Stratosfear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_&_the_Glory=Power & the Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocence_Is_No_Excuse=Innocence Is No Excuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_for_Romance=Ready for Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkest_Days=Darkest Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcane_Rain_Fell=Arcane Rain Fell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertigo_(John_5_album)=Vertigo (John 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_for_Sanity=Songs for Sanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Ace_Are_Buildings=How Ace Are Buildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southside_(Lloyd_album)=Southside (album Lloyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_and_the_Melodies=The Moon and the Melodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollinndagain=Hollinndagain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fine_Day_to_Exit=A Fine Day to Exit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ecleftic:_2_Sides_II_a_Book=The Ecleftic: 2 Sides II a Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libra_(Toni_Braxton_album)=Libra (Toni Braxton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomb_of_the_Mutilated=Tomb of the Mutilated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resonance_(Anathema_album)=Resonance (Anathema)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finally_We_Are_No_One=Finally We Are No One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_for_Young_Lovers=Songs for Young Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bless_Its_Pointed_Little_Head=Bless Its Pointed Little Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_to_Exhale_(soundtrack)=Waiting to Exhale: Original Soundtrack Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleshwounds=Fleshwounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallery_of_Suicide=Gallery of Suicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vile_(album)=Vile (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Cannibalism=Live Cannibalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gore_Obsessed=Gore Obsessed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worm_Infested=Worm Infested
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Enigma=The Silent Enigma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_(Tangerine_Dream_album)=Exit (Tangerine Dream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry_(Girls_Aloud_album)=Chemistry (Girls Aloud)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Proof_(Cher_album)=Living Proof (Cher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truly_Madly_Completely:_The_Best_of_Savage_Garden=Truly Madly Completely: The Best of Savage Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believe_(Cher_album)=Believe (album Cher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentecost_III=Pentecost III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crestfallen=The Crestfallen EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Order_of_the_Leech=Order of the Leech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_of_the_Music_Business=Enemy of the Music Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaders_Not_Followers:_Part_2=Leaders Not Followers: Part 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_by_Sexy=Death by Sexy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Stage_(Elvis_Presley_album)=On Stage: February 1970
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enter_the_Chicken=Enter the Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Flock_of_Seagulls_(album)=A Flock of Seagulls (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listen_(A_Flock_of_Seagulls_album)=Listen (A Flock of Seagulls)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rooty=Rooty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_in_the_Bush_of_Ghosts_(album)=My Life in the Bush of Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackpot_(Chingy_album)=Jackpot (Chingy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trouble_with_Being_Myself=The Trouble with Being Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sideshow_Symphonies=Sideshow Symphonies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Brew:_The_Very_Best_of_Cream=Strange Brew: The Very Best of Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceanic_(Isis_album)=Oceanic (Isis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Element_of_Sonic_Defiance=The Element of Sonic Defiance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_of_the_Sun,_West_of_the_Moon=East of the Sun, West of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_Beach=Memorial Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minor_Earth_Major_Sky=Minor Earth Major Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analogue_(album)=Analogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potemkin_City_Limits=Potemkin City Limits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solja_Rags=Solja Rags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recordings_(album)=Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rule_3:36=Rule 3:36
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venni_Vetti_Vecci=Venni Vetti Vecci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_in_My_Eye=Blood in My Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.U.L.E.=R.U.L.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/15_Minutes_(Nik_Kershaw_album)=15 Minutes (Nik Kershaw)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacrifice_(Gary_Numan_album)=Sacrifice (Gary Numan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_Acoustic,_Vol._1=Solo Acoustic, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicforthemorningafter=Musicforthemorningafter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Gaye_Live!=Marvin Gaye Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_London_Palladium=Live at the London Palladium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raza_Odiada=Raza Odiada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brujerizmo=Brujerizmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marijuana_(EP)=Marijuana (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(The_Cardigans_album)=Life (The Cardigans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_Morse_(album)=Neal Morse (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Not_Too_Late=It's Not Too Late
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaman_(album)=Shaman (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_English=Project English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Stick_Together=Let's Stick Together (album Bryan Ferry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Capsule:_Songs_for_a_Future_Generation=Time Capsule: Songs for a Future Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Wishes_to_Eternity=From Wishes to Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hell_of_Steel:_Best_of_Manowar=The Hell of Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_I_Forgot=Day I Forgot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_(Asia_album)=Alpha (Asia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embrace_the_Storm=Embrace the Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astra_(album)=Astra (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_in_Between=Falling in Between
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterpieces_(Bob_Dylan_album)=Masterpieces (Bob Dylan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Faithful_Christmas=A Faithful Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Us_and_Us_Only=Us and Us Only
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Friendly=Some Friendly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumor_and_Sigh=Rumor and Sigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tellin'_Stories=Tellin' Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_all_tid=For all tid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiritual_Black_Dimensions=Spiritual Black Dimensions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_It_Like_You_Love_It=Live It Like You Love It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Woman_Dreams=Every Woman Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Me_When_It's_Over=Wake Me When It's Over (Faster Pussycat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whipped!=Whipped!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleater-Kinney_(album)=Sleater-Kinney (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Balance=Perfect Balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Beat=One Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platinum_Collection_(Genesis_album)=Platinum Collection (Genesis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Leyenda_de_la_Mancha=La leyenda de la Mancha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elegant_Gypsy=Elegant Gypsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mextremist!_Greatest_Hits=Mextremist! Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Valley_of_the_Ultra_Pussy=Between the Valley of the Ultra Pussy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_and_Black_Beauties=Greatest Hits and Black Beauties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amarantine_(album)=Amarantine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Won't_Give_Up=God Won't Give Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Cat=Year of the Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Raw:_The_Original_Sessions=Hollywood Raw: The Original Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anticipation_(Carly_Simon_album)=Anticipation (album Carly Simon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Secrets_(Carly_Simon_album)=No Secrets (Carly Simon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotcakes_(album)=Hotcakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_and_Order_(album)=Law and Order (Lindsey Buckingham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallraker:_Live!=Hallraker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_'Em_Up=Beat Em Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Love_and_Squalor=With Love and Squalor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heathenology=Heathenology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_(The_Notwist_album)=12 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrink_(album)=Shrink (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthology_(Bryan_Adams_album)=Anthology 1980-2005
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infamous=The Infamous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strait_Up=Strait Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyalty_(Fat_Joe_album)=Loyalty (Fat Joe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasp_Star_(Apple_Venus_Volume_2)=Wasp Star (Apple Venus Volume 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirror_Blue=Mirror Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquarius_(Aqua_album)=Aquarius (Aqua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Jewels_(AC/DC_album)=Family Jewels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_on_the_Right_Track=Back on the Right Track
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Deicide=The Best of Deicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_Pleasures_(Barbra_Streisand_album)=Guilty Pleasures (Barbra Streisand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Visible_Silence=In Visible Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Below_the_Waste=Below the Waste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_Battle_with_the_Art_of_Noise=Into Battle with the Art of Noise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Fitzgerald_Sings_Sweet_Songs_for_Swingers=Ella Fitzgerald Sings Sweet Songs for Swingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solid_Gold_(album)=Solid Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phenomenon_(UFO_album)=Phenomenon (UFO)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impact_Is_Imminent=Impact Is Imminent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evilive=Evilive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Effigy_of_the_Forgotten=Effigy of the Forgotten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sympathetic_Sounds_of_Detroit=Sympathetic Sounds of Detroit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_(Olivia_album)=Olivia (Olivia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Day_at_Midnight=A New Day at Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tug_of_War_(Paul_McCartney_album)=Tug of War (Paul McCartney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoned_Raiders=Stoned Raiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unhalfbricking=Unhalfbricking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_(David_Bowie_album)=Stage (David Bowie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Unplugged_No._2.0=MTV Unplugged No. 2.0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lap_of_Luxury=Lap of Luxury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_One_Cares=No One Cares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis_Ascendant=Atlantis Ascendant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_Cosmic=The Power Cosmic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All's_Well_That_Ends_Well_(Chiodos_album)=All's Well That Ends Well (Chiodos)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Wishes_You_a_Swinging_Christmas=Ella Wishes You a Swinging Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_All_Languages=In All Languages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marshall_Suite=The Marshall Suite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_London_(Testament_album)=Live in London (Testament)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roots_Come_Alive=The Roots Come Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoss_(album)=Hoss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today's_Empires,_Tomorrow's_Ashes=Today's Empires, Tomorrow's Ashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Falls_Apart=Everything Falls Apart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_in_Albion=Down in Albion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_Of..._(album)=The Secret Life of...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis_(Busta_Rhymes_album)=Genesis (Busta Rhymes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_to_the_Brave=Glory to the Brave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_of_Battle=The Dawn of Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby's_Got_a_Gun=Baby's Got a Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Quantity_Is_Job_Number_1=Where Quantity Is Job 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santana_(1971_album)=Santana III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Swingin'_Affair!=A Swingin' Affair!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Are_You%3F_(Frank_Sinatra_album)=Where Are You? (Frank Sinatra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rare_Trax=Rare Trax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(The_Revelator)=Time (The Revelator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Among_the_Yearlings=Hell Among the Yearlings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revival_(Gillian_Welch_album)=Revival (Gillian Welch)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Jolly_Christmas_from_Frank_Sinatra=A Jolly Christmas from Frank Sinatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Journey=Soul Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_(Enrique_Iglesias_album)=Escape (album Enrique Iglesias)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasia_Lindum=Fantasia Lindum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Lost_Kinks_Album=The Great Lost Kinks Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_18th_Day=The 18th Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Fly_with_Me_(Frank_Sinatra_album)=Come Fly with Me (album Frank Sinatra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Sinatra_Sings_for_Only_the_Lonely=Frank Sinatra Sings for Only the Lonely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Dance_with_Me!_(album)=Come Dance with Me!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinatra's_Swingin'_Session!!!=Sinatra's Swingin' Session!!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Food_Album=The Food Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(N)utopia=(N)utopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engraved_in_Black=Engraved in Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veneer_(album)=Veneer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadrunner_United=Roadrunner United
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_IV:_The_Man_Comes_Around=American IV: The Man Comes Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Mandy_Moore=The Best of Mandy Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hitz_(Limp_Bizkit_album)=Greatest Hitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammer_Smashed_Face=Hammer Smashed Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calypso_(album)=Calypso (Harry Belafonte)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inarticulate_Speech_of_the_Heart=Inarticulate Speech of the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Guru,_No_Method,_No_Teacher=No Guru, No Method, No Teacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Vision=Beautiful Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfmother_(album)=Wolfmother (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_Music=Community Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kicking_Television:_Live_in_Chicago=Kicking Television: Live in Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Hump=Over the Hump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condition_Critical=Condition Critical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Notorious_K.I.M.=The Notorious K.I.M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_Possum=Playing Possum (Carly Simon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Carly_Simon=The Best of Carly Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Sent_from_the_Golden_Hall=Once Sent from the Golden Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_Everything_&_After=Before Everything & After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Undercover=Dancing Undercover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_a_String_(album)=Life on a String
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incredibad=Incredibad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cro-Monolithic_Remixes_for_an_Iron_Age=CroMonolithic Remixes for an Iron Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skynyrd's_Innyrds=Skynyrd's Innyrds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Storm_(Monica_album)=After the Storm (Monica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood,_Sweat_&_Tears_(Blood,_Sweat_&_Tears_album)=Blood, Sweat & Tears (Blood, Sweat & Tears)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Take_Radio_Sessions=One Take Radio Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5150:_Home_4_tha_Sick=5150: Home 4 Tha Sick EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Str8_off_tha_Streetz_of_Muthaphukkin_Compton=Str8 off tha Streetz of Muthaphukkin Compton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raydiation=Raydiation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moodring=Moodring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Times_Before_the_Light=In Times Before the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_the_Blackout=Before the Blackout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montrose_(album)=Montrose (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Eyez_on_Me_(Monica_album)=All Eyez on Me (album Monica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_It_Is_(Keyshia_Cole_album)=The Way It Is (Keyshia Cole)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdland_(The_Yardbirds_album)=Birdland (The Yardbirds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Forest_(Deep_Forest_album)=Deep Forest (album Deep Forest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_of_a_Lifetime=Dream of a Lifetime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romantically_Yours=Romantically Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Were_the_Days_(Cream_album)=Those Were the Days (Cream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(Galaxie_500_album)=Today (Galaxie 500)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poetic_Champions_Compose=Poetic Champions Compose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_Can_Come_True,_Greatest_Hits_Vol._1=Dreams Can Come True, Greatest Hits Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darklands_(album)=Darklands (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automatic_(The_Jesus_and_Mary_Chain_album)=Automatic (The Jesus and Mary Chain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Front_Parlour_Ballads=Front Parlour Ballads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapter_V:_Unbent,_Unbowed,_Unbroken=Chapter V: Unbent, Unbowed, Unbroken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimson_Thunder=Crimson Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Summoner's_Tales=Ten Summoner's Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grave_Digger=The Grave Digger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_a_Billion_Suns=Under a Billion Suns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_(Carly_Simon_album)=Spy (Carly Simon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solid_Gold_Hits=Solid Gold Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_Hand_Path_(album)=Left Hand Path
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopfschuss=Kopfschuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ease_Down_the_Road=Ease Down the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infest_(album)=Infest (Papa Roach)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(Korn_DVD)=Korn Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spin_(Darren_Hayes_album)=Spin (Darren Hayes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freak_of_Nature=Freak of Nature (Anastacia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Histoire_de_Melody_Nelson=Histoire de Melody Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day_It'll_All_Make_Sense=One Day It'll All Make Sense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Six_Seconds=Every Six Seconds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_All_Angels=Free All Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Supper_(Grave_Digger_album)=The Last Supper (Grave Digger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dopethrone=Dopethrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Seals_(album)=Seven Seals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Metal_Breakdown=Heavy Metal Breakdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctified_(album)=Sanctified
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maleficium_(album)=Maleficium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Life_(Mary_J._Blige_album)=Love & Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torch_(Carly_Simon_album)=Torch (Carly Simon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Too=Strange Too
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_(video)=Strange (Depeche Mode)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_Dance=Touch Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebelde_(album)=Rebelde (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuestro_Amor=Nuestro amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Great_Videos=Some Great Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1984_(For_the_Love_of_Big_Brother)=1984 (For the Love of Big Brother)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Eurythmics_album)=Greatest Hits (Eurythmics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Collection_(Eurythmics_album)=Ultimate Collection (Eurythmics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Remember_When_I_Was_Young=I Remember When I Was Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decipher_(After_Forever_album)=Decipher (After Forever)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quixotic_(album)=Quixotic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_(album)=Extreme (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Star_Smash_Hits=All Star Smash Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/15_Year_Killing_Spree=15 Year Killing Spree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowing_Just_as_I=Knowing Just as I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orientation_(EP)=Orientation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Santa_Cause:_It's_a_Punk_Rock_Christmas=A Santa Cause - It's a Punk Rock Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Johnny_Cash_(2002_album)=The Essential Johnny Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futuristic_Dragon=Futuristic Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitchfork_&_Lost_Needles=Pitchfork & Lost Needles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Hell=Welcome to Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertigo_(Jackie_McLean_album)=Vertigo (Jackie McLean)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unchained_(Johnny_Cash_album)=Unchained (Johnny Cash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kingdom_of_Steel=The Kingdom of Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangin'_Tough=Hangin' Tough (album New Kids on the Block)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_Commander_Cohen:_Tour_of_1979=Field Commander Cohen: Tour of 1979
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrapin_Station=Terrapin Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.F.Orb=U.F.Orb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IX_Equilibrium=IX Equilibrium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Bob_Dylan=The Best of Bob Dylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Capo_(Love_album)=Da Capo (Love)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Wreckless_Intent=WWE Wreckless Intent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Is_Now=As Is Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_into_the_Light=Dance into the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dig_Me_Out=Dig Me Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drawing_Down_the_Moon_(Beherit_album)=Drawing Down the Moon (Beherit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/29_(album)=29 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Swear,_You'll_Catch_No_Fish=If You Swear, You'll Catch No Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...And_No_One_Else_Wanted_to_Play=And No One Else Wanted to Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Aaliyah=Ultimate Aaliyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Classy_Pair=A Classy Pair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_You_Fighting_For%3F=Who You Fighting For?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroads_(Eric_Clapton_album)=Crossroads (Eric Clapton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_the_Clash,_Volume_1=The Story of the Clash, Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_the_Fool=Playing the Fool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Hood=Mr. Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laugh_Now,_Cry_Later=Laugh Now, Cry Later
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enthrone_Darkness_Triumphant=Enthrone Darkness Triumphant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folksingers_'Round_Harvard_Square=Folksingers 'Round Harvard Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non_Stop_Ecstatic_Dancing=Non-Stop Ecstatic Dancing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_for_Allah=Blues for Allah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_of_the_Flood=Wake of the Flood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beginnings_(The_Allman_Brothers_Band_album)=Beginnings (The Allman Brothers Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interview_(album)=Interview (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_What_(Lisa_Marie_Presley_album)=Now What
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Missing_Piece_(Gentle_Giant_album)=The Missing Piece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Disaster_Strikes...=When Disaster Strikes...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Whom_It_May_Concern_(Lisa_Marie_Presley_album)=To Whom It May Concern (Lisa Marie Presley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Diesel=Strictly Diesel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busted_(2002_Busted_album)=Busted (Busted)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steal_Your_Face=Steal Your Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altars_of_Madness=Altars of Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Machine_Live:_Oy_Vey,_Baby=Tin Machine Live: Oy Vey, Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeless_(Martina_McBride_album)=Timeless (Martina McBride)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America,_I_Hear_You_Singing=America, I Hear You Singing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_(Love_album)=Love (Love)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Sail=Four Sail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiet_Is_the_New_Loud=Quiet Is the New Loud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riot_on_an_Empty_Street=Riot on an Empty Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Ride_Home=Night Ride Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siberia_(Echo_&_the_Bunnymen_album)=Siberia (Echo & the Bunnymen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Man_(album)=Green Man (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Your_Own_Time=In Your Own Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_Mighty_Fall=How the Mighty Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civilian_(Gentle_Giant_album)=Civilian (Gentle Giant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Truth_(Lil'_Kim_album)=The Naked Truth (Lil' Kim)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_from_the_Succubus_Club=Music from the Succubus Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Static_&_Silence=Static & Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Be_Cruel_(album)=Don't Be Cruel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Bella_Mafia=La bella mafia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garvey's_Ghost=Marcus Garvey (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acting_Very_Strange=Acting Very Strange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Shook_Down=All Shook Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trixter_(album)=Trixter (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_Pursuit=The Life Pursuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1965_(album)=1965 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Europe=Made in Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWF_Aggression=WWF Aggression
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_Anthrax=Church of Anthrax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinatra_'65:_The_Singer_Today=Sinatra '65: The Singer Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Upstairs=Come Upstairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spoiled_Girl=Spoiled Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Around_Again_(album)=Coming Around Again (album Carly Simon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_You_Seen_Me_Lately=Have You Seen Me Lately
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_Never_Sent=Letters Never Sent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_Noir_(album)=Film Noir (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_and_His_Music=A Man and His Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bedroom_Tapes=The Bedroom Tapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Is_Almost_Here=Christmas Is Almost Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_in_the_Night_(Frank_Sinatra_album)=Strangers in the Night (album Frank Sinatra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_A._&_Edward_K.=Francis A. & Edward K.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sinatra_Family_Wish_You_a_Merry_Christmas=The Sinatra Family Wish You a Merry Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phrenology_(album)=Phrenology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamb_(album)=Lamb (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Darkness_and_Wonder=Between Darkness and Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Sound=What Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_the_Speed_of_Life=Twice the Speed of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_(Spock's_Beard_album)=V (Spock's Beard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_Planet_Is_Missing=Phantom Planet Is Missing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinatra_&_Company=Sinatra & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ol'_Blue_Eyes_Is_Back=Ol' Blue Eyes Is Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(The_Black_Heart_Procession_album)=Three (The Black Heart Procession)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Songs_by_Sinatra=Christmas Songs by Sinatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cher_(1987_album)=Cher (album 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trilogy:_Past_Present_Future=Trilogy (Frank Sinatra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour_Glass_(Hour_Glass_album)=Hour Glass (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Is_My_Lady=L.A. Is My Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Save_a_Life=How to Save a Life (singolo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Man's_World_(Cher_album)=It's a Man's World (Cher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancora=Ancora (Il Divo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading,_Writing_and_Arithmetic=Reading, Writing, and Arithmetic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_(The_Sundays_album)=Blind (The Sundays)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stadium_Arcadium=Stadium Arcadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Power_of_Three=To the Power of Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Force_Tour_(album)=The Silent Force Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Couldn't_Have_Said_It_Better=Couldn't Have Said It Better
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Hurts_(Cher_album)=Love Hurts (album Cher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_David_Bowie_1969/1974=The Best of David Bowie 1969/1974
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Time_to_See_Who's_Who=It's Time to See Who's Who
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Street_(album)=Union Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feels_So_Good_(Atomic_Kitten_album)=Feels So Good (Atomic Kitten)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fever_You_Can't_Sweat_Out=A Fever You Can't Sweat Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reach_for_the_Sky_(Ratt_album)=Reach for the Sky (Ratt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RBG:_Revolutionary_but_Gangsta=RBG: Revolutionary but Gangsta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaia_II:_La_Voz_Dormida=Gaia II: La Voz Dormida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Brother_&_Me=My Brother & Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulfillingness'_First_Finale=Fulfillingness' First Finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So-Lo=So-Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grow_Up_and_Blow_Away=Grow Up and Blow Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandmasters_(album)=Grandmasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noise_for_Music's_Sake=Noise for Music's Sake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Fire_(Galaxie_500_album)=On Fire (Galaxie 500)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Hands_on_the_Bad_One=All Hands on the Bad One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hot_Rock_(album)=The Hot Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Bar_Blues_(album)=12 Bar Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Share_My_World=Share My World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Thing_(Midnight_Oil_album)=The Real Thing (Midnight Oil)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_(Mary_J._Blige_album)=Mary (Mary J. Blige)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LP_Underground_3.0=Underground 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LP_Underground_4.0=Underground 4.0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LP_Underground_5.0=Underground 5.0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosnia_(album)=Bosnia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faso_Latido=Faso Latido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Hum=The Golden Hum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dork_(EP)=Dork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.F._Sorrow=S.F. Sorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Picnic's_All_Wet=Eddie Picnic's All Wet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Berkeley,_Not_West_Bay=This Is Berkeley, Not West Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sails_EP=Black Sails (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quark,_Strangeness_and_Charm=Quark, Strangeness and Charm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracles:_The_Holiday_Album=Miracles: The Holiday Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daltrey_(album)=Daltrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panopticon_(album)=Panopticon (Isis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moby_Grape_(album)=Moby Grape (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Elaine=Villa Elaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(Miss)understood=(Miss)understood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandy_Moore_(album)=Mandy Moore (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_the_Road_(Van_Morrison_album)=Down the Road (Van Morrison)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instant_Clarity=Instant Clarity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clap_Hands,_Here_Comes_Charlie!=Clap Hands, Here Comes Charlie!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elegy_(Amorphis_album)=Elegy (Amorphis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Thousand_Lakes=Tales from the Thousand Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_Murder_Day=Brave Murder Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discouraged_Ones=Discouraged Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Cher:_The_Video_Hits_Collection=The Very Best of Cher: The Video Hits Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight's_Decision=Tonight's Decision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Cold_Winter=Long Cold Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_(Cher_album)=Gold (Cher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Funerals_to_Come...=For Funerals to Come...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinatra_80th:_Live_in_Concert=Sinatra 80th Live in Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Be_with_You_(album)=I Wanna Be with You (album Mandy Moore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_and_Me_Both=You and Me Both
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Dogs_&_Englishmen_(album)=Mad Dogs & Englishmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body_Acoustic=The Body Acoustic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medazzaland=Medazzaland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time,_Love_&_Tenderness=Time, Love & Tenderness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_Trash=Pop Trash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thieving_Magpie_(album)=The Thieving Magpie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Disaster=Back to the Disaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_Cutt_(album)=Rough Cutt (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wants_You!=Wants You!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/19_Naughty_III=19 Naughty III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Purposes_Live=Cross Purposes Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/25_O'Clock=25 O'Clock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Kiss=The Very Best of Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telepathic_Surgery=Telepathic Surgery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch_the_Surface=Scratch the Surface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_(Cold_album)=Cold (Cold)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Real_World_(Mr._Mister_album)=Welcome to the Real World (Mr. Mister)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Albert_Hall_London_May_2-3-5-6,_2005=Royal Albert Hall London May 2-3-5-6 2005
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Emergency_(The_Living_End_album)=State of Emergency (The Living End)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_of_Wilderness=Voice of Wilderness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweatsuit_(album)=Sweatsuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_Years_of_Jethro_Tull:_Highlights=20 Years of Jethro Tull: Highlights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alkaline_Trio_/_Hot_Water_Music=Alkaline Trio/Hot Water Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(The_John_Butler_Trio_album)=Three (The John Butler Trio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_On...=Go On...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Ryan_(album)=Lee Ryan (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Emerald_Sword_Saga=Tales from the Emerald Sword Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestial_(Isis_album)=Celestial (Isis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_(Simple_Minds_album)=Cry (album Simple Minds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Herbs,_Vols._7_&_8=Special Herbs, Vols. 7 & 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frat_Party_at_the_Pankake_Festival=Frat Party at the Pankake Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_of_December_Souls=Dance of December Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuma_(album)=Zuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idlewild_South=Idlewild South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dismemberment_Plan_Is_Terrified=The Dismemberment Plan Is Terrified
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_Home_(Cher_album)=Take Me Home (album Cher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M-16_(album)=M-16 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_Freshness_Volume_4=Forgotten Freshness Volume 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Name_of_This_Band_Is_Talking_Heads=The Name of This Band Is Talking Heads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1984_(Anthony_Phillips_album)=1984 (Anthony Phillips)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synchestra=Synchestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasure_to_Kill=Pleasure to Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Sign_of_Evil=In the Sign of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Budokan_(Blur_album)=Live at the Budokan (Blur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterplan_(Masterplan_album)=Masterplan (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Again_(Randy_Newman_album)=Born Again (Randy Newman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Obsessions=True Obsessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Testify_(Phil_Collins_album)=Testify (Phil Collins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_Danger_(album)=Danger Danger (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstellar_Space=Interstellar Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_in_Paradise_(Randy_Newman_album)=Trouble in Paradise (Randy Newman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unison_(Celine_Dion_album)=Unison (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celine_Dion_(album)=Celine Dion (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Sides=Lost Sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putain_de_camion=Putain de camion (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Light_Music=A Little Light Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_the_Game's_Been_Missing!=What the Game's Been Missing!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Wood=Live Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Effloresce_(album)=Effloresce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Catholic_Education=A Catholic Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fist_for_Fight=Fist for Fight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_(Danger_Danger_album)=Dawn (Danger Danger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oz_Factor_(album)=Oz Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endless_Pain=Endless Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hot_Night_in_Paris=A Hot Night in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deserter's_Songs=Deserter's Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Youth,_Blood_Thirsty_Babes=Desperate Youth, Blood Thirsty Babes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Did_I_Shave_My_Legs_for_This%3F=Did I Shave My Legs for This?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.E.O./T.W.O.=R.E.O./T.W.O.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Carter_(album)=Aaron Carter (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellington_at_Newport=Ellington at Newport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Damage=Fantastic Damage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Dawn=At Dawn (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hits_(Phil_Collins_album)=Hits (Phil Collins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Message_(Grandmaster_Flash_and_the_Furious_Five_album)=The Message (album Grandmaster Flash and The Furious Five)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Music_from_Peter_Gunn=The Music from Peter Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Modern_Lovers_(album)=The Modern Lovers (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanity/Nemesis=Vanity/Nemesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivadixiesubmarinetransmissionplot=Vivadixiesubmarinetransmissionplot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_(Ronan_Keating_album)=Destination (Ronan Keating)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_Through_Superior_Firepower=Peace Through Superior Firepower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrath_of_the_Math=Wrath of the Math
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coast_II_Coast=Coast II Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny's_Child_(album)=Destiny's Child (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounds_of_Decay=Sounds of Decay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_from_the_Vault=Two from the Vault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_(album)=Jeff (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loud,_Fast_Ramones:_Their_Toughest_Hits=Loud, Fast Ramones: Their Toughest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramones_Mania=Ramones Mania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breakthrough=The Breakthrough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Original_Soundtrack=The Original Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paul_Butterfield_Blues_Band_(album)=The Paul Butterfield Blues Band (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Payback=The Payback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orb's_Adventures_Beyond_the_Ultraworld=The Orb's Adventures Beyond the Ultraworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_for_Your_Soul=Good for Your Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Needs_Guitars_Anyway%3F=Who Needs Guitars Anyway?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_the_Hard_Way=Four the Hard Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Great_Gildersleeves=The Return of the Great Gildersleeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1999:_The_New_Master=1999: The New Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Psychedelic_Sounds_of_the_13th_Floor_Elevators=The Psychedelic Sounds of the 13th Floor Elevators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_McCoy_(album)=The Real McCoy (McCoy Tyner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capricornia_(album)=Capricornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadows_(album)=The Shadows (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_and_Dirty_Live=Down and Dirty Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soft_Machine_(Soft_Machine_album)=The Soft Machine (Soft Machine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Wilson_Pickett=The Sound of Wilson Pickett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stylistics_(album)=The Stylistics (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taker/Tulsa=The Taker/Tulsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tony_Bennett/Bill_Evans_Album=The Tony Bennett/Bill Evans Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Transfiguration_of_Blind_Joe_Death=The Transfiguration of Blind Joe Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_United_States_of_America_(album)=The United States of America (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanderer_(Donna_Summer_album)=The Wanderer (album Donna Summer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelonious_Monk_with_John_Coltrane=Thelonious Monk with John Coltrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_No_Place_Like_America_Today=There's No Place Like America Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Foolish_Things_(album)=These Foolish Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tijuana_Moods=Tijuana Moods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilt_(Scott_Walker_album)=Tilt (Scott Walker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy's_Monster=Timothy's Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TNT_(Tortoise_album)=TNT (Tortoise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic:_Music_from_the_Motion_Picture=Titanic (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Together_Alone=Together Alone (Crowded House)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primo_Victoria=Primo Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lickin'_on_Both_Sides=Lickin' on Both Sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mogwai_Young_Team=Mogwai Young Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Cold_Distance=The Great Cold Distance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_in_Public_(Lou_Reed_album)=Growing Up in Public
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_Candy_(album)=Eye Candy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_Me!_as_the_Eternal_Cowboy=As the Eternal Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slipstream_(video)=Slipstream (Jethro Tull)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filosofem=Filosofem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy:_The_Absolute_Best=Legacy: The Absolute Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandwagonesque=Bandwagonesque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_(Teenage_Fanclub_album)=Thirteen (Teenage Fanclub)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Verlaine_(album)=Tom Verlaine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tortoise_(album)=Tortoise (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Much_Too_Soon_(album)=Too Much Too Soon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_Years_of_Jethro_Tull_(video)=20 Years of Jethro Tull (video)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Sevens_Clash=Two Sevens Clash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercurrent_(Bill_Evans_and_Jim_Hall_album)=Undercurrent (Bill Evans e Jim Hall)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underground_(The_Electric_Prunes_album)=Underground (The Electric Prunes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unit_Structures=Unit Structures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unplugged_(Neil_Young_album)=Unplugged (Neil Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underwater_Moonlight=Underwater Moonlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unforgettable..._with_Love=Unforgettable... with Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Davis_Volume_2=Miles Davis Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Wounded=Walking Wounded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_Out_West_(Sonny_Rollins_album)=Way Out West (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Family_(album)=We Are Family (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trill_(album)=Trill (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Insist!=We Insist! - Freedom Now Suite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_I_Was_Born_for_the_7th_Time=When I Was Born for the 7th Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_I'm_Coming_From=Where I'm Coming From
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Is_Jill_Scott%3F_Words_and_Sounds_Vol._1=Who Is Jill Scott? Words and Sounds Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Tchoupitoulas_(album)=The Wild Tchoupitoulas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_the_Circle_be_Unbroken_(Nitty_Gritty_Dirt_Band_album)=Will the Circle Be Unbroken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Phillips_(album)=Wilson Phillips (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_a_Little_Help_from_My_Friends_(Joe_Cocker_album)=With a Little Help from My Friends (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropical_Gangsters=Tropical Gangsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrong_Way_Up=Wrong Way Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worst_Case_Scenario_(album)=Worst Case Scenario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wynonna_(album)=Wynonna (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y_(album)=Y (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerself_Is_Steam=Yerself Is Steam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fundamental_(Pet_Shop_Boys_album)=Fundamental (Pet Shop Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Davis_Volume_1=Miles Davis Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/15_Years_After=15 Years After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigg_Snoop_Dogg_Presents...Welcome_to_tha_Chuuch:_Da_Album=Bigg Snoop Dogg Presents... Welcome to tha Chuuch: Da Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DJ-Kicks:_Kruder_&_Dorfmeister=DJ-Kicks: Kruder & Dorfmeister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Us_Prey=Let Us Prey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trawlerman's_Song=The Trawlerman's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coney_Island_Baby=Coney Island Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Royal_Albert_Hall_(Emerson,_Lake_and_Palmer_album)=Live at the Royal Albert Hall (Emerson, Lake & Palmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rose_(Cher_album)=Black Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pile_of_Skulls=Pile of Skulls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Jolly_Roger=Under Jolly Roger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_and_Sisters_(album)=Brothers and Sisters (The Allman Brothers Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visionary:_The_Video_Singles=Visionary: The Video Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psonic_Psunspot=Psonic Psunspot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boces=Boces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_You_on_the_Other_Side_(Mercury_Rev_album)=See You on the Other Side (Mercury Rev)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lookaftering=Lookaftering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Another_Diamond_Day=Just Another Diamond Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowhere_(album)=Nowhere (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win,_Lose_or_Draw_(album)=Win, Lose or Draw (The Allman Brothers Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_7=Rainbow 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_to_Face_(Westlife_album)=Face to Face (Westlife)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pneumonia_(album)=Pneumonia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Sides=In Sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accept_the_Fact=Accept the Fact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q2K=Q2K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Blank_Again=Going Blank Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentlemen_(album)=Gentlemen (Afghan Whigs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_Voyager=Now Voyager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special!_Best_Mini:_2.5_Maime_no_Kare=Special! Best Mini ~2.5 Maime no Kare~
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Waters_(Bee_Gees_album)=Still Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirits_Having_Flown=Spirits Having Flown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Course=Main Course
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_World=Children of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_the_U.K.=Live in the U.K. (Helloween)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_of_Light_(album)=Carnival of Light (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B_in_the_Mix:_The_Remixes=B in the Mix: The Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_Orange_(album)=Agent Orange (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_(Santana_album)=Welcome (Santana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_Stab=Beauty Stab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wipe_the_Windows,_Check_the_Oil,_Dollar_Gas=Wipe the Windows, Check the Oil, Dollar Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Money=Paper Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demons_and_Wizards_(Uriah_Heep_album)=Demons & Wizards (Uriah Heep)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Again_(Warrant_album)=Born Again (Warrant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Red_(Sodom_album)=Code Red (Sodom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magician's_Birthday=The Magician's Birthday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsessed_by_Cruelty=Obsessed by Cruelty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persecution_Mania=Persecution Mania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Way_of_Live=Mortal Way of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Off_Dead_(album)=Better Off Dead (Sodom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapping_the_Vein_(album)=Tapping the Vein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_What_You_Deserve=Get What You Deserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masquerade_in_Blood=Masquerade in Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marooned_Live=Marooned Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Til_Death_Do_Us_Unite='Til Death Do Us Unite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(Down_by_Law_album)=Blue (Down by Law)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_Centre_of_the_Earth_(album)=Journey to the Centre of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11:11_(Regina_Spektor_album)=11:11 (Regina Spektor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_(Regina_Spektor_album)=Songs (Regina Spektor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1984_(Rick_Wakeman_album)=1984 (Rick Wakeman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B_Is_for_B-sides_(Remixed)=B Is for B-sides (Remixed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Me,_It's_You=For Me, It's You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogadaboogadaboogada!=Boogadaboogadaboogada!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirty_Seconds_Over_Winterland=Thirty Seconds Over Winterland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Water_(album)=American Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banba_(album)=Banba (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breeding_the_Spawn=Breeding the Spawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Despise_the_Sun=Despise the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live.01=Live.01
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live.02=Live.02
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Hits_by_The_Supremes=More Hits by The Supremes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live.03=Live.03
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thug_Walkin'=Thug Walkin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_&_My_Brother=Me & My Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S.A._(United_State_of_Atlanta)=U.S.A. (United State of Atlanta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baal_(EP)=Baal (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallel_Universe_(4hero_album)=Parallel Universe (4hero)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creating_Patterns=Creating Patterns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_of_the_Gods_(album)=Twilight of the Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordland_I=Nordland I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordland_II=Nordland II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubileum_Volume_II=Jubileum Volume II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubileum_Volume_I=Jubileum Volume I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubileum_Volume_III=Jubileum Volume III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destroyer_of_Worlds=Destroyer of Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octagon_(Bathory_album)=Octagon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alley:_The_Return_of_the_Ying_Yang_Twins=Alley...Return of the Ying Yang Twins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Color_(album)=In Color
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinatra_&_Sextet:_Live_in_Paris=Sinatra & Sextet: Live in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_for_Muthas=Metal for Muthas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfheart=Wolfheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_People_Say_I_Am,_That's_What_I'm_Not=Whatever People Say I Am, That's What I'm Not
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dare_Iz_a_Darkside=Dare Iz a Darkside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock:_Music_from_the_Original_Soundtrack_and_More=Woodstock: Music from the Original Soundtrack and More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Stubb's_(Matisyahu_album)=Live at Stubb's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocalypse_(Mahavishnu_Orchestra_album)=Apocalypse (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.K._(album)=U.K. (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menace_to_Sobriety_(Ugly_Kid_Joe_album)=Menace to Sobriety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Magic=Battle Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_the_West_Coast=Songs from the West Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starfire_Burning_Upon_the_Ice-Veiled_Throne_of_Ultima_Thule=Starfire Burning Upon the Ice-Veiled Throne of Ultima Thule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_(Cat_Power_album)=The Greatest (Cat Power)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1st_Born_Second=1st Born Second
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthquake_Glue=Earthquake Glue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Guided_by_Voices:_Human_Amusements_at_Hourly_Rates=The Best of Guided By Voices: Human Amusements at Hourly Rates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump_Up!_(Elton_John_album)=Jump Up!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duets_(Elton_John_album)=Duets (Elton John)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exodus_(Ja_Rule_album)=Exodus (Ja Rule)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hide_and_Seek_(Plastic_Tree_album)=Hide and Seek (Plastic Tree)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_Now_(Atomic_Kitten_album)=Right Now (album Atomic Kitten)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Submarine_(album)=Yellow Submarine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Testimony_of_the_Ancients=Testimony of the Ancients
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malleus_Maleficarum_(album)=Malleus Maleficarum (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expurse_of_Sodomy=Expurse of Sodomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Words_That_Go_Unspoken,_Deeds_That_Go_Undone=Words That Go Unspoken, Deeds That Go Undone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dactylis_Glomerata=Dactylis Glomerata (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_13th_Sun=From the 13th Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shovel_Headed_Kill_Machine=Shovel Headed Kill Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Hits_(Texas_album)=The Greatest Hits (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Is_It_Something_I_Said%3F=...Is It Something I Said?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_1_Record=Number 1 Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Love,_This_Is_Murderous=This Is Love, This Is Murderous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_Open=Eyes Open (Snow Patrol)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jars_of_Clay_(album)=Jars of Clay (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_of_the_Acolyte=Voyage of the Acolyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leather_Jackets_(album)=Leather Jackets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Australia_with_the_Melbourne_Symphony_Orchestra=Live in Australia with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Elvis=Dead Elvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpio_Rising_(Death_in_Vegas_album)=Scorpio Rising (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_Night_(Atomic_Kitten_album)=Ladies Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Bruce_Springsteen=The Essential Bruce Springsteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southside_(Texas_album)=Southside (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mothers_Heaven=Mothers Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_with_the_Past=Sleeping with the Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rare_Masters=Rare Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Much_Afraid=Much Afraid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_&_Gentlemen:_The_Best_of_George_Michael=Ladies & Gentlemen: The Best of George Michael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Left_the_Zoo=If I Left the Zoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eleventh_Hour_(Jars_of_Clay_album)=The Eleventh Hour (Jars of Clay)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compilation_(Caustic_Window_album)=Compilation (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classics_(Aphex_Twin_album)=Classics (Aphex Twin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_Tree_Crow=Rain Tree Crow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricks_Road=Ricks Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hush=The Hush (album Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Careful_What_You_Wish_For_(Texas_album)=Careful What You Wish For
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tokyo_Tapes=The Tokyo Tapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incognito_(No_Use_for_a_Name_album)=Incognito (No Use for a Name)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dion_chante_Plamondon=Dion chante Plamondon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S'il_suffisait_d'aimer=S'il suffisait d'aimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Are_Special_Times=These Are Special Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furthermore:_From_the_Studio,_from_the_Stage=Furthermore: From the Studio, from the Stage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_(Ray_LaMontagne_album)=Trouble (Ray LaMontagne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Well_Wasted=Time Well Wasted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles:_The_New_Miles_Davis_Quintet=Miles: The New Miles Davis Quintet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebirth_(Angra_album)=Rebirth (Angra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_R.E.M.=The Best of R.E.M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_(Eloy_album)=Inside (Eloy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_(album)=The Haunted (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_and_Pain=War and Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Beast=Mr. Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severed_Survival=Severed Survival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shitfun=Shitfun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acts_of_the_Unspeakable=Acts of the Unspeakable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burningn'n_Tree=Burningn'n Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Technology=Killing Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothingface_(Voivod_album)=Nothingface (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Rat=Angel Rat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negatron_(album)=Negatron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkin'=Walkin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Davis_and_the_Modern_Jazz_Giants=Miles Davis and the Modern Jazz Giants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bags'_Groove=Bags' Groove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Blue=Best of Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diva_(Annie_Lennox_album)=Diva (Annie Lennox)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Them_Eat_Cake_(album)=Let Them Eat Cake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swallowed_in_Black=Swallowed in Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_Us=Trust Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_and_Daemons_at_Play=Angels and Daemons at Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stink_(EP)=Stink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_1969=Live 1969
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_One=Special One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Considered_Dead=Considered Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Erosion_of_Sanity=The Erosion of Sanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Wilson/Cannonball_Adderley=Nancy Wilson/Cannonball Adderley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obscura_(album)=Obscura (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Wisdom_to_Hate=From Wisdom to Hate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Boots_and_Panties!!=New Boots and Panties!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Bait_for_the_Dead=Live Bait for the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_of_Kings=Legacy of Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starpeace=Starpeace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_Like_Me=Girls like Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_Like_You_Used_To=Love Me Like You Used To
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Do_I_Do_with_Me=What Do I Do with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_to_Fire=Fire to Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beggar_on_a_Beach_of_Gold=Beggar on a Beach of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Paralyze=I Paralyze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eloy_(album)=Eloy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_the_Rhythm_Hit_'Em=Let the Rhythm Hit 'Em
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Sweat_the_Technique=Don't Sweat the Technique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_18th_Letter=The 18th Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Curious_Feeling=A Curious Feeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_(Tony_Banks_album)=Still (Tony Banks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_a_New_Society=Music for a New Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Village_Vanguard_Again!=Live at the Village Vanguard Again!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_Off_the_Dust..._Arise=Shake Off the Dust... Arise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Now_(The_Psychedelic_Furs_album)=Forever Now (The Psychedelic Furs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Mind_the_Ballots=Never Mind the Ballots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Wind=Fire Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Astral_Skies=Beyond the Astral Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B-Sides_&_Rarities_(Deftones_album)=B-Sides & Rarities (Deftones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_Life=The Other Side of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_(album)=Agnes (Agnes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eels_with_Strings:_Live_at_Town_Hall=Eels with Strings: Live at Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapture_(Anita_Baker_album)=Rapture (Anita Baker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_3=Scott 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faithfully_(Faith_Evans_album)=Faithfully (Faith Evans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_4=Scott 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(Joni_Mitchell_album)=Blue (Joni Mitchell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kad_bi_bio_bijelo_dugme=Kad bi' bio bijelo dugme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Phish_Volume_15=Live Phish Volume 15
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Phish_Volume_16=Live Phish Volume 16
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Phish_Volume_17=Live Phish Volume 17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_Prohibido=Amor prohibido (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Live_&_In-Session=BBC Live & In-Session
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbulent_Indigo=Turbulent Indigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_(album)=New York (Lou Reed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_1958=Newport 1958
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Parlez=No Parlez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Other=No Other (Gene Clark)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_City_(album)=Naked City (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peel_Session_2=Peel Session 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Daughters=City of Daughters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We'll_Build_Them_a_Golden_Bridge=We'll Build Them a Golden Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_of_Low_Men=Temple of Low Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrecking_Ball_(Emmylou_Harris_album)=Wrecking Ball (Emmylou Harris)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_the_Faith_(Faith_Evans_album)=Keep the Faith (Faith Evans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_a_Moment_Too_Soon=Not a Moment Too Soon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_I_Got_Worry=Now I Got Worry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destroyer's_Rubies=Destroyer's Rubies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O.G._Original_Gangster=O.G. Original Gangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowgirl's_Prayer=Cowgirl's Prayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Brown_(album)=Chris Brown (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_Dances=Rain Dances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Report=The War Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Have_Come_for_Your_Children=We Have Come for Your Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitanga_i_princeza=Bitanga i princeza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand_New_Dance=Brand New Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Band_(album)=Angel Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_How_Life_Is=On How Life Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroine_(From_First_to_Last_album)=Heroine (From First to Last)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Listening_(Little_Brother_album)=The Listening (Little Brother)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Cadet-3,_Do_You_Connect%3F=Blue Cadet-3, Do You Connect?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Age_of_Wireless=The Golden Age of Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Con_Todo_Respeto=Con todo respeto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Least_We_Can_Do_Is_Wave_to_Each_Other=The Least We Can Do Is Wave to Each Other
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Anthology=WWE Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trio_II=Trio II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Nuclear_War=No Nuclear War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Sexto_Sentido=El sexto sentido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayside_(album)=Bayside (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anarchy_(Busta_Rhymes_album)=Anarchy (Busta Rhymes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Take_Me_Home=Can't Take Me Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Water_for_Chocolate_(album)=Like Water for Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wherever_You_Are_(Third_Day_album)=Wherever You Are (Third Day)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_1_(CKY_album)=Volume 1 (CKY)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inner_Child_(album)=Inner Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe's_Xmasage=Joe's Xmasage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginary_Diseases=Imaginary Diseases
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoo_TV:_Live_from_Sydney=Zoo TV: Live from Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PopMart:_Live_from_Mexico_City=PopMart: Live from Mexico City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertigo_2005:_Live_from_Chicago=Vertigo 2005: Live from Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U2_Go_Home:_Live_from_Slane_Castle,_Ireland=U2 Go Home - Live from Slane Castle Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elevation_2001:_Live_from_Boston=Elevation 2001: U2 Live from Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_of_the_Forest=Spirit of the Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapt_(album)=Trapt (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shady_Grove_(Quicksilver_Messenger_Service_album)=Shady Grove (Quicksilver Messenger Service)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standards_(Tortoise_album)=Standards (Tortoise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Serious_(album)=Dead Serious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Land_of_Grey_and_Pink=In the Land of Grey and Pink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Under_Arrest_(Miles_Davis_album)=You're Under Arrest (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_People=Star People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aura_(Miles_Davis_album)=Aura (Miles Davis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amandla_(album)=Amandla (Miles Davis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decoy_(album)=Decoy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doo-Bop=Doo-Bop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steelbath_Suicide=Steelbath Suicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_DEFinition=The DEFinition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotta_Tell_You=Gotta Tell You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illadelph_Halflife=Illadelph Halflife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floored=Floored
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Kansas=The Best of Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_War_with_Satan=At War with Satan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glossolalia_(album)=Glossolalia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Blossom=Broken Blossom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Evil_Lurks=What Evil Lurks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anti-Diluvian_Chronicles=Anti-Diluvian Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morph_the_Cat=Morph the Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flat_Out_(Buck_Dharma_album)=Flat Out (Buck Dharma)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_San_Francisco_(ProjeKct_Four_album)=Live in San Francisco (ProjeKct Four)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restless_Heart_(Whitesnake_album)=Restless Heart (Whitesnake)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Night=On the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonmadness=Moonmadness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garbage_(EP)=Garbage (Autechre)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anvil_Vapre=Anvil Vapre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_(Cannibal_Corpse_album)=Kill (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandinavian_Nights=Scandinavian Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody's_Perfect_(Deep_Purple_album)=Nobody's Perfect (Deep Purple)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_III:_Solitary_Man=American III: Solitary Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youth_(Matisyahu_album)=Youth (album Matisyahu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Daylight's_Gone=When Daylight's Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucks_Fizz_(album)=Bucks Fizz (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hordanes_Land=Hordanes Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vikingligr_Veldi=Vikingligr Veldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frost_(album)=Frost (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eld_(album)=Eld (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Biscuit_Flower_Hour_Presents_Kansas=King Biscuit Flower Hour Presents Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blodhemn=Blodhemn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monumension=Monumension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isa_(album)=Isa (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casting_Crowns_(album)=Casting Crowns (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waitin'_on_Sundown=Waitin' on Sundown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trap_Muzik=Trap Muzik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Sing_(En_Vogue_album)=Born to Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alchemy:_An_Index_of_Possibilities=Alchemy: An Index of Possibilities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Careless_Love_(album)=Careless Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5._april_'81=5. april '81
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_Masses:_Ho_Drakon_Ho_Megas=Symphony Masses: Ho Drakon Ho Megas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remission_(Mastodon_album)=Remission (Mastodon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifesblood=Lifesblood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild._Club'in=Club'in
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Look_Around=Just Look Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomcats_Screaming_Outside=Tomcats Screaming Outside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_McKnight_(album)=Brian McKnight (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bare_Trees=Bare Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Games=Future Games (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Machine_(album)=Big Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiln_House=Kiln House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_(B'z_album)=Green (B'z)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tubeway_Army_(album)=Tubeway Army (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lover,_the_Lord_Has_Left_Us...=Lover, the Lord Has Left Us...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_and_the_Duke=Tiger and the Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Germany_1976=Live in Germany 1976
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Loserville=Welcome to Loserville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streetcleaner=Streetcleaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_(Godflesh_album)=Pure (Godflesh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixty_Six_to_Timbuktu=Sixty Six to Timbuktu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dying_to_Say_This_to_You=Dying to Say This to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hip_Hop_Is_Dead=Hip Hop Is Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Best_(Tina_Turner_album)=All the Best (Tina Turner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Academy_(EP)=The Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U2.Communication=U2.COMmunication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Circus_(album)=Electric Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclone_(Tangerine_Dream_album)=Cyclone (Tangerine Dream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_Majeure_(Tangerine_Dream_album)=Force Majeure (Tangerine Dream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Monk_Time=Black Monk Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Anatomy=Nightmare Anatomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Gangs_Dark_Oath=Our Gang's Dark Oath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vovin_(album)=Vovin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_of_the_Runes_(album)=Secret of the Runes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Command_(album)=The Last Command (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic,_Vol._2=Fantastic, Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Equatorial_Stars=The Equatorial Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_Worlds_(Screaming_Trees_album)=Other Worlds (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_2_Detroit=Welcome 2 Detroit (J Dilla)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tha_Carter_II=Tha Carter II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Atoms=Breaking Atoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Long_in_Exile=Too Long in Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_Speeding=Music for Speeding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangram_(album)=Tangram (Tangerine Dream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smallcreep's_Day_(album)=Smallcreep's Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_+_The_Mechanics_(1985_album)=Mike + The Mechanics (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Years=The Living Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matching_Mole's_Little_Red_Record=Little Red Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bittersweet_(Blu_Cantrell_album)=Bittersweet (Blu Cantrell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(Fleetwood_Mac_album)=Time (Fleetwood Mac)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixty_Four=Sixty Four
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Sun,_Sister_Moon_(album)=Brother Sun, Sister Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Rock=King of Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Como_Ama_una_Mujer=Como ama una mujer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundown_(Gordon_Lightfoot_album)=Sundown (Gordon Lightfoot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_on_the_Shoulder_(Gordon_Lightfoot_album)=Cold on the Shoulder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_2=Alive 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disconnected_(Fates_Warning_album)=Disconnected (Fates Warning)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Minstrel_Show=The Minstrel Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raoul_and_the_Kings_of_Spain=Raoul and the Kings of Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Dragon_(Modern_Talking_album)=Year of the Dragon (Modern Talking)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberation_(The_Divine_Comedy_album)=Liberation (The Divine Comedy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Boston_(Fleetwood_Mac_album)=Live in Boston (album Fleetwood Mac)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_on_the_Block=Back on the Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Way_(Frank_Sinatra_album)=All the Way (Frank Sinatra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Capitol_Singles_Collection=The Complete Capitol Singles Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_with_a_Panther=Walking with a Panther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama_Said_Knock_You_Out=Mama Said Knock You Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Naked=Dance Naked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bass_Culture=Bass Culture (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainstream_(Quiet_Sun_album)=Mainstream (Quiet Sun)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naughty_Little_Doggie=Naughty Little Doggie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avenue_B_(album)=Avenue B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Caesar_(album)=American Caesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_Happened_to_Benny_Santini%3F=Whatever Happened to Benny Santini?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Thang=Miss Thang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coverage_(album)=Coverage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Themata_(album)=Themata (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Thing_Remains=One Thing Remains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Rea_(album)=Chris Rea (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_to_the_Moon=Wired to the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Beach_(Chris_Rea_album)=On the Beach (Chris Rea)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritual_(Shaaman_album)=Ritual (Shaman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autobiography_of_Supertramp=The Autobiography of Supertramp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verkligen=Verkligen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_(Frida_album)=Shine (album Frida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_and_the_Radio=The Road and the Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poison=The Poison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1st_Album_(Modern_Talking_album)=The 1st Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saints_&_Sinners_(Whitesnake_album)=Saints & Sinners (Whitesnake)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_(LL_Cool_J_album)=10 (LL Cool J)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Cosby_Is_a_Very_Funny_Fellow...Right!=Bill Cosby Is a Very Funny Fellow... Right!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Boston,_Not_L.A.=This Is Boston, Not L.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reel_Me=The Reel Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Romance=The Art of Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contact!=Contact!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Neon_Handshake=The Neon Handshake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrio_Fino_en_Directo=Barrio fino en directo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_to_Destination=Time to Destination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Force=4 Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Many_Pieces=Many Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Official_Intelligence:_Mosaic_Thump=Art Official Intelligence: Mosaic Thump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonplace_(album)=Commonplace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOI:_Bionix=AOI: Bionix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Hat_(album)=High Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sub_Pop_100=Sub Pop 100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Lopez:_Let's_Get_Loud=Let's Get Loud (DVD)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Lopez:_Feelin'_So_Good=Feelin' So Good (DVD)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nu-Clear_Sounds=Nu-Clear Sounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sinister_Urge_(album)=The Sinister Urge (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Life_Syndrome=Second Life Syndrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Myself=Out of Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dazzle_Ships_(album)=Dazzle Ships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flyleaf_(album)=Flyleaf (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S_Club_(album)=S Club (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_(S_Club_7_album)=Sunshine (S Club 7)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_(S_Club_7_album)=7 (S Club 7)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeing_Double_(album)=Seeing Double (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beware_of_Darkness_(album)=Beware of Darkness (Spock's Beard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy_(Carole_King_album)=Fantasy (Carole King)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_at_the_Lost_and_Found=Midnight at the Lost and Found
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Attitude_(album)=Bad Attitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Original_Television_Soundtracks=Colonna sonora di Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Album_(Public_Image_Ltd_album)=Album (Public Image Ltd.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapalco=Lapalco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Day_(album)=Third Day (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracy_No._5=Conspiracy No. 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feminist_Sweepstakes=Feminist Sweepstakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_Of_(Jethro_Tull_album)=The Very Best of Jethro Tull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crookt,_Crackt,_or_Fly=Crookt, Crackt, or Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alternative_to_Love=The Alternative to Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Tigre_(album)=Le Tigre (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Island_(Le_Tigre_album)=This Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Riddle_(album)=The Riddle (album Nik Kershaw)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemuria_(album)=Lemuria (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Cream=The Very Best of Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_Every_Rule=Break Every Rule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Affair=Foreign Affair (Tina Turner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancin'_on_the_Edge=Dancin' on the Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Level_Owl:_Volume_I=Low Level Owl Vol.1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_for_Blood_(Lita_Ford_album)=Out for Blood (Lita Ford)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_Spies_(album)=Bridge of Spies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Four_Seven_(Tina_Turner_album)=Twenty Four Seven (Tina Turner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Live_(Garth_Brooks_album)=Double Live (Garth Brooks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souvenirs_(The_Gathering_album)=Souvenirs (The Gathering)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muffins_(album)=Muffins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frustration_Plantation=Frustration Plantation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unpredictable_(Jamie_Foxx_album)=Unpredictable (album Jamie Foxx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/14_Shots_to_the_Dome=14 Shots to the Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Smith_(album)=Mr. Smith (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phenomenon_(LL_Cool_J_album)=Phenomenon (LL Cool J)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_Jungle=Money Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxinquaye=Maxinquaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nearly_God=Nearly God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pre-Millennium_Tension=Pre-Millennium Tension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvel_vs._Capcom:_Clash_of_Super_Heroes=Marvel vs. Capcom: Clash of Super Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amerikaz_Nightmare=Amerikaz Nightmare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Money_(Mobb_Deep_album)=Blood Money (Mobb Deep)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debil=Debil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danko/Fjeld/Andersen=Danko/Fjeld/Andersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody's_Rockin'=Everybody's Rockin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragged_Glory=Ragged Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_to_My_Soul=Key to My Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_with_the_Out_Crowd=In with the Out Crowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Ways=Old Ways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simply_the_Best_(Tina_Turner_album)=Simply the Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landing_on_Water=Landing on Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_(Mandy_Moore_album)=Candy (album Mandy Moore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Passionate%3F=Are You Passionate?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Rock_Vol._1=Road Rock Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liege_&_Lief=Liege & Lief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovering_the_Waterfront=Discovering the Waterfront
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alone_(Modern_Talking_album)=Alone (Modern Talking)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimi_Plays_Monterey=Jimi Plays Monterey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Live_(George_Michael_and_Queen_EP)=Five Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romances_(Luis_Miguel_album)=Romances (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Fire=Fire Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible_Lantern=Invisible Lantern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intermission_(Dio_album)=Intermission (Dio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_(Soft_Machine_album)=Six (Soft Machine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clash_on_Broadway=Clash on Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introducing_The_Style_Council=Introducing The Style Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Heartbeat=Irish Heartbeat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Buried_and_Me_(album)=Between the Buried and Me (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Circus=The Silent Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Favourite_Shop=Our Favourite Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Is_the_Wind_(album)=Wild Is the Wind (album Nina Simone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O-Town_(album)=O-Town (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Flight_(Justin_Hayward_album)=Night Flight (Justin Hayward)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nighttime_Birds=Nighttime Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Left_Feels_Right_Live=This Left Feels Right Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_(Puff_Daddy_album)=Forever (Puff Daddy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Septober_Energy=Septober Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnified=Magnified
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comfort_(Failure_album)=Comfort (Failure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoney_&_Meatloaf=Stoney & Meatloaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon_Sunset=Avalon Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enlightenment_(Van_Morrison_album)=Enlightenment (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mark,_a_Mission,_a_Brand,_a_Scar=A Mark, a Mission, a Brand, a Scar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hymns_to_the_Silence=Hymns to the Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_in_San_Francisco=A Night in San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blessed_Be=Blessed Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devils_(The_69_Eyes_album)=Devils (The 69 Eyes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emerson,_Lake_&_Powell_(album)=Emerson, Lake & Powell (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Before_I_Stop=Blind Before I Stop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_Like_This_(Van_Morrison_album)=Days Like This (Van Morrison)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rantology=Rantology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_Something:_The_Songs_of_Mose_Allison=Tell Me Something: The Songs of Mose Allison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Healing_Game=The Healing Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libertad_(Velvet_Revolver_album)=Libertad (Velvet Revolver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_on_Top_(Van_Morrison_album)=Back on Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philosopher's_Stone_(album)=The Philosopher's Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Platinum_Collection_(Deep_Purple_album)=The Platinum Collection (Deep Purple)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Hummingbird=Southern Hummingbird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Me_Again=It's Me Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowded_House_(album)=Crowded House (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Win_Again_(album)=You Win Again (Van Morrison e Linda Gail Lewis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyshaper=Skyshaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_of_the_Blue_Turtles=The Dream of the Blue Turtles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soul_Cages=The Soul Cages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Songs=Ocean Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabin_Fever_(Rasputina_album)=Cabin Fever (Rasputina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Came_to_Conquer..._Uranus=They Came to Conquer... Uranus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darrin's_Coconut_Ass:_Live_from_Omaha=Darrin's Coconut Ass: Live from Omaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soundbombing_II=Soundbombing II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Then_Nothing_Turned_Itself_Inside-Out=And Then Nothing Turned Itself Inside Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Sun=Summer Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowling_for_Soup_Goes_to_the_Movies=Bowling for Soup Goes to the Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_Songs=Missing Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucketheadland=Bucketheadland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_Robot_(Buckethead_album)=Giant Robot (album Buckethead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleidoscalp=Kaleidoscalp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snoopified=Snoopified
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Visibility=High Visibility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_TV_Album=The TV Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till_Death_Unites_Us=Till Death Unites Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Change_(album)=All Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Nature_Calls=Mother Nature Calls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Hour_(Cast_album)=Magic Hour (album Cast)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin/Pecado=Sin/Pecado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7%22_of_the_Month_Club=7" of the Month Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Painful_(album)=Painful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_How_Sweet_Co-Co_Can_Be=Funny How Sweet Co-Co Can Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Level_Headed=Level Headed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimes_of_Freedom_(EP)=Chimes of Freedom (Bruce Springsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Ugly_as_They_Wanna_Be=As Ugly as They Wanna Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G3:_Live_in_Tokyo=G3: Live in Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Fantasy=Return to Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Release_of_an_Oath=Release of an Oath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOFX_(1985_EP)=NOFX (EP 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anodyne_(album)=Anodyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Cuts_(The_Knife_album)=Deep Cuts (The Knife)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_Can't_Buy=Money Can't Buy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identity_Crisis_(Sweet_album)=Identity Crisis (Sweet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cut_Above_the_Rest=Cut Above the Rest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outgrow=Outgrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waters_Edge=Waters Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridin'_on_the_Blinds=Ridin' on the Blinds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_on_the_Rocks=Weekend on the Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gorge_(album)=The Gorge (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Size_Life=Bright Size Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shotgun_Willie=Shotgun Willie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Chautauqua=New Chautauqua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Garage=American Garage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreaming_Neon_Black=Dreaming Neon Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patti_LaBelle_(album)=Patti LaBelle (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_with_the_King_(album)=Down with the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_from_Hell=Back from Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Smith_(album)=Todd Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velvet_Darkness_They_Fear=Velvet Darkness They Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musique_(album)=Musique (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Game_(album)=Big Game (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trancefer=Trancefer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_on_Empty_(album)=Running on Empty (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graveyard_Mountain_Home=Graveyard Mountain Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Freeway=Philadelphia Freeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ven_Conmigo_(album)=Ven conmigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_(album)=Pirates (Rickie Lee Jones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magazine_(album)=The Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Cowboys=Flying Cowboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lizard_(album)=The Lizard (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_(Saigon_Kick_album)=Water (Saigon Kick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leather_Boyz_with_Electric_Toyz=Leather Boyz with Electric Toyz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porn_Stars_(album)=Porn Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsy_Punks:_Underdog_World_Strike=Gypsy Punks: Underdog World Strike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Years_of_Fuckin'_Up=Ten Years of Fuckin' Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Yardbirds:_Featuring_Jimmy_Page=Live Yardbirds: Featuring Jimmy Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unearthed_(Johnny_Cash_album)=Unearthed (Johnny Cash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangeline_(Emmylou_Harris_album)=Evangeline (Emmylou Harris)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbit_Fur_Coat=Rabbit Fur Coat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selena_(album)=Selena (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entre_a_Mi_Mundo=Entre a mi mundo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Size_Really_Does_Matter=Size Really Does Matter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotta_Get_Thru_This_(album)=Gotta Get Thru This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roses_in_the_Snow=Roses in the Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_It_..._Man_or_Astroman%3F=Is It ... Man or Astroman?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selena_Live!=Selena Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_(Emmylou_Harris_album)=Thirteen (Emmylou Harris)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sign_o'_the_Times=Sign o' the Times (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelis_Was_Here=Kelis Was Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fate_of_Norns=Fate of Norns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Kisses_(album)=Love and Kisses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neon_Nights=Neon Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meds=Meds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duh_(album)=Duh (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Your_Own=Kill Your Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Pop_Group=Confessions of a Pop Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trepanation_(album)=Trepanation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_autre_univers=Un autre univers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Michael_Jackson=The Best of Michael Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthology_(Michael_Jackson_album)=Anthology: The Best of Michael Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Then_and_Now_(Emerson,_Lake_&_Palmer_album)=Then & Now (Emerson Lake & Palmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crusade_(album)=The Crusade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Present_Arms_(album)=Present Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_News_from_the_Next_World=Good News from the Next World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_(Dannii_Minogue_album)=Girl (Dannii Minogue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Greats_(Ian_Brown_album)=Golden Greats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SMPT:e=SMPT:e
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perspective_(Jason_Becker_album)=Perspective (Jason Becker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India_(Xandria_album)=India (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escalator_over_the_Hill=Escalator over the Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakedown_Street=Shakedown Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_to_Heaven=Go to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckoning_(Grateful_Dead_album)=Reckoning (Grateful Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Set_(album)=Dead Set (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Built_to_Last=Built to Last (Grateful Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_and_Progress=Death & Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleased_to_Meet_You_(James_album)=Pleased to Meet You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiplash_(album)=Whiplash (James)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millionaires_(album)=Millionaires (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Mars_Hotel=From the Mars Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smell_the_Magic=Smell the Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beauty_Process:_Triple_Platinum=The Beauty Process: Triple Platinum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_Moving_(Madness_album)=Keep Moving (Madness)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelations_(Killing_Joke_album)=Revelations (Killing Joke)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Dances=Fire Dances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighter_Than_a_Thousand_Suns_(album)=Brighter Than a Thousand Suns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outside_the_Gate=Outside the Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extremities,_Dirt_and_Various_Repressed_Emotions=Extremities, Dirt & Various Repressed Emotions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democracy_(album)=Democracy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovecraft_&_Witch_Hearts=Lovecraft & Witch Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pay_the_Devil=Pay the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultravox!_(album)=Ultravox!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turis_Fratyr=Turis Fratyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godfather_Part_III_(soundtrack)=Il padrino - Parte III (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiggle_(album)=Wiggle (Screeching Weasel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thug_Mentality_1999=Thug Mentality 1999
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocent_Victim=Innocent Victim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefly_(Uriah_Heep_album)=Firefly (Uriah Heep)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Shoes=White Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_an_Island=On an Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemini:_Good_vs._Evil=Gemini: Good Vs. Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milagro_(Santana_album)=Milagro (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Further_Adventures_of_Lord_Quas=The Further Adventures of Lord Quas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santana's_Greatest_Hits=Santana's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_on_Ice_(album)=Soul on Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santana_Brothers=Santana Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halim_(album)=Halim (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gedida=Gedida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayeshteni=Ayeshteni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_of_Cool=Jesus of Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crusher_(album)=The Crusher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Avenger_(album)=The Avenger (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disasterpieces=Disasterpieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Be=Just Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_as_I_Am_(Bill_Withers_album)=Just as I Am (Bill Withers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_as_I_Am_(Guy_Sebastian_album)=Just as I Am (Guy Sebastian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_Valley=Vision Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plight_&_Premonition=Plight & Premonition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Kurious_Oranj=I Am Kurious, Oranj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misty_Blue_(album)=Misty Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'N_Crugu_Bradului='N Crugu Bradului
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_for_Buddy:_A_Tribute_to_the_Music_of_Buddy_Rich=Burning for Buddy: A Tribute to the Music of Buddy Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_for_Buddy:_A_Tribute_to_the_Music_of_Buddy_Rich,_Vol._2=Burning for Buddy: A Tribute to the Music of Buddy Rich, Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Santana_&_Buddy_Miles!_Live!=Carlos Santana & Buddy Miles! Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_Back_the_Clock_(album)=Turn Back the Clock (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borboletta=Borboletta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotus_(Santana_album)=Lotus (Carlos Santana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amigos_(Santana_album)=Amigos (Santana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festival_(Santana_album)=Festival (Santana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Not_Mad=Mad Not Mad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonflower_(album)=Moonflower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inner_Secrets=Inner Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oneness_(Carlos_Santana_album)=Oneness: Silver Dreams, Golden Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marathon_(Santana_album)=Marathon (Santana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swing_of_Delight=The Swing of Delight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havana_Moon=Havana Moon (Carlos Santana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Appearances=Beyond Appearances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.I.A.M.I.=M.I.A.M.I.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Santana!=Viva Santana! - The Very Best of Santana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_with_Guns_(album)=Girls with Guns (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraxas_Pool=Abraxas Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tones_(album)=Tones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Strait_(album)=George Strait (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foretold_in_the_Language_of_Dreams=Foretold in the Language of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Sir=Dear Sir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Dangerous=Something Dangerous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nervous_on_the_Road=Nervous on the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collected_(Massive_Attack_album)=Collected (Massive Attack)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Gonna_Get_It!=You're Gonna Get It!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Seasons_of_Love=Four Seasons of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_(Concrete_Blonde_album)=Free (Concrete Blonde)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concrete_Blonde_(album)=Concrete Blonde (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodletting_(Concrete_Blonde_album)=Bloodletting (Concrete Blonde)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexican_Moon=Mexican Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(Neil_Young_&_Crazy_Horse_album)=Life (Neil Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clam_Dip_&_Other_Delights=Clam Dip & Other Delights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guitar_World_According_to_Frank_Zappa=The Guitar World According to Frank Zappa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_the_Punchline=Waiting for the Punchline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Don't_Ever_Change=Please Don't Ever Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Favourites_of..._Brinsley_Schwarz=The New Favourites of...Brinsley Schwarz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Despite_It_All=Despite It All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brinsley_Schwarz_(album)=Brinsley Schwarz (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_Across_Forever=Bridge Across Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_from_the_Vault=One from the Vault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pain_in_My_Heart=Pain in My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreigner_(Cat_Stevens_album)=Foreigner (Cat Stevens)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izitso=Izitso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful_(Madness_album)=Wonderful (Madness)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snow_Goose_(album)=Music Inspired by The Snow Goose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_a_Moment=Lost in a Moment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Day_(Lene_Marlin_album)=Another Day (Lene Marlin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_My_Game=Playing My Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assembly_(Theatre_of_Tragedy_album)=Assembly (Theatre of Tragedy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dangermen_Sessions_Vol._1=The Dangermen Sessions Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_On=Keep On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatre_of_Tragedy_(album)=Theatre of Tragedy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Commandments_(Ozzy_Osbourne_album)=Ten Commandments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meat_Puppets_II=Meat Puppets II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elemental_(Loreena_McKennitt_album)=Elemental (Loreena McKennitt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Drive_the_Cold_Winter_Away=To Drive the Cold Winter Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visit_(Loreena_McKennitt_album)=The Visit (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_and_Mirror=The Mask and Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Paris_and_Toronto=Live in Paris and Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Secrets=The Book of Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fassade=Fassade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Death-Grip_On_Yesterday=A Death-Grip on Yesterday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extricate=Extricate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthem_for_a_New_Tomorrow=Anthem for a New Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phases_and_Stages=Phases and Stages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Ten_Years:_The_Videos=From There to Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocalyptica_(album)=Apocalyptica (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supersexy_Swingin'_Sounds=Supersexy Swingin' Sounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Them_Die_Slowly_(album)=Make Them Die Slowly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_If_to_Nothing=As If to Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Make_Enemies_and_Irritate_People=How to Make Enemies and Irritate People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Garbage=Absolute Garbage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wahrheit_oder_Pflicht=Wahrheit oder Pflicht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westing_(By_Musket_and_Sextant)=Westing (by musket and sextant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Concert_1987:_Abigail=In Concert 1987: Abigail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Idol_(album)=Billy Idol (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Stop_(Billy_Idol_EP)=Don't Stop (Billy Idol)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiplash_Smile=Whiplash Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vital_Idol=Vital Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyberpunk_(album)=Cyberpunk (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Modern=Young Modern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildest_Dreams=Wildest Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_The_Jacksons=The Very Best of The Jacksons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Playground_(album)=Devil's Playground (Billy Idol)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_Less_Traveled_(George_Strait_album)=The Road Less Traveled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_Down_in_Texas=Somewhere Down in Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Country_(soundtrack)=Pure Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holding_My_Own=Holding My Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrying_Your_Love_with_Me=Carrying Your Love with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_Musical_(soundtrack)=High School Musical (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Step_at_a_Time_(George_Strait_album)=One Step at a Time (George Strait)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livin'_It_Up_(album)=Livin' It Up (George Strait)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_(American_Music_Club_album)=California (American Music Club)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Arrest_(album)=House Arrest (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Destroyer=The Great Destroyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dangerous_Meeting=A Dangerous Meeting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tired_of_Hanging_Around=Tired of Hanging Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture_&_Morality=Architecture & Morality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Sea_(Dark_Moor_album)=Beyond the Sea (Dark Moor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Fine_Place=Real Fine Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doldrums_(album)=The Doldrums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worn_Copy=Worn Copy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seminal_Live=Seminal Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whoever's_in_New_England=Whoever's in New England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_One_to_Know=The Last One to Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reba_(album)=Reba (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Sixteen_(Reba_McEntire_album)=Sweet Sixteen (Reba McEntire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_My_Broken_Heart=For My Broken Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Possibility_and_the_Promise=The Possibility and the Promise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_(Luis_Miguel_album)=Romance (Luis Miguel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Segundo_Romance=Segundo romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Place_That_Far=No Place That Far
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Lies_(EP)=No More Lies: Dance of Death Souvenir EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecno_Fes_Vol._2=Tecno fes volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Amour_Toujours_II=L'amour toujours II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_in_a_Mellow_Mood=Songs in a Mellow Mood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_an_Ear=The End of an Ear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Bottom_(album)=Rock Bottom (Robert Wyatt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Already_Written=Ain't Nothing Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Ain't_a_Game=This Ain't a Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_the_Family=Bring the Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begins_Here=Begins Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiler_(album)=Smiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Cash_at_Madison_Square_Garden=Johnny Cash at Madison Square Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Closer_(album)=Come Closer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karma_(Tarkan_album)=Karma (Tarkan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceremony_of_Opposites=Ceremony of Opposites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey!_Ho!_Let's_Go:_The_Anthology=Hey Ho! Let's Go: The Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Scorned=Forever Scorned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caitiff_Choir=The Caitiff Choir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Ain't_Enough=A Little Ain't Enough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Mask=The Blue Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_McQueen_(album)=Steve McQueen (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Name=Secret Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sextant_(album)=Sextant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Split_Program=The Split Program
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_(Hayley_Westenra_album)=Odyssey (Hayley Westenra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Further_Definitions=Further Definitions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Of_(Vanilla_Ninja_album)=Best Of (Vanilla Ninja)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elodia_(album)=Elodia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_Heavens_for_Dale_Evans=Thank Heavens for Dale Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifesong=Lifesong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Time_Around:_Live_in_Tokyo=This Time Around: Live in Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healing_Rain=Healing Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicide_(1977_album)=Suicide (1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_on_Earth_(Mobb_Deep_album)=Hell on Earth (Mobb Deep)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Amazin'=So Amazin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_New_Day=This New Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fishscale=Fishscale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberation:_Songs_to_Benefit_PETA=Liberation: Songs to Benefit PETA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protect:_A_Benefit_for_the_National_Association_to_Protect_Children=PROTECT: A Benefit for the National Association to Protect Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Note's_for_You=This Note's for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Live=David Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Body,_the_Hand_Grenade=My Body, the Hand Grenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Session=The First Session
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_Jazz_Funk_Greats=20 Jazz Funk Greats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acme_(album)=Acme (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuckooland=Cuckooland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cupid_&_Psyche_85=Cupid & Psyche 85
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadie_(album)=Acadie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy's_Highway=Daddy's Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decoration_Day_(album)=Decoration Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_and_Hello_(Tim_Buckley_album)=Goodbye and Hello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_You're_So_Silent_Jens=Oh You're So Silent Jens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Thirteen_(Neil_Young_album)=Lucky Thirteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes,_Virginia...=Yes, Virginia...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightflight_to_Venus=Nightflight to Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corinne_Bailey_Rae_(album)=Corinne Bailey Rae (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Boy_Soldiers=Broken Boy Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_Forward=Looking Forward (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'A'_vs._Monkey_Kong='A' vs. Monkey Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(I'm)_Stranded=(I'm) Stranded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angry_Young_Them=The Angry Young Them
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_+_3=3 + 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_Volume_II_(%22Weird_Al%22_Yankovic_album)=Greatest Hits Volume II ("Weird Al" Yankovic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permanent_Record:_Al_in_the_Box=Permanent Record: Al in the Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Weird_Al%22_Yankovic's_Greatest_Hits="Weird Al" Yankovic's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donuts_(album)=Donuts (J Dilla)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_&_Roots=Blues & Roots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Don't_Need_to_Whisper=We Don't Need to Whisper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21..._Ways_to_Grow=21... Ways to Grow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Plugs=4 Plugs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encouraging_Words=Encouraging Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_and_Louis_Again=Ella and Louis Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empyrean_Isles=Empyrean Isles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Techno_Rose_of_Blighty=The Techno Rose of Blighty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimarron_(album)=Cimarron (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Date_(Emmylou_Harris_album)=Last Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevendust_(album)=Sevendust (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(Sevendust_album)=Home (Sevendust)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animosity_(Sevendust_album)=Animosity (Sevendust)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seasons_(Sevendust_album)=Seasons (Sevendust)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuckerzeit=Zuckerzeit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southside_Double-Wide:_Acoustic_Live=Southside Double-Wide: Acoustic Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_(Sevendust_album)=Next (Sevendust)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louder_Now=Louder Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Natacha_Atlas=The Best of Natacha Atlas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Rare_Remix_Box=Live Rare Remix Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bat_Out_of_Hell:_Live_with_the_Melbourne_Symphony_Orchestra=Bat Out of Hell: Live with the Melbourne Symphony Orchestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Octagonecologyst=Dr. Octagonecologyst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perpetual_Burn=Perpetual Burn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winds_of_Creation=Winds of Creation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._John's_Gumbo=Dr. John's Gumbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_America_(Transatlantic_album)=Live in America (Transatlantic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counterfeit_e.p.=Counterfeit E.P
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10cc_(album)=10cc (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rainbow_in_Curved_Air=A Rainbow in Curved Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_at_Birdland_Vol._1=A Night at Birdland, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Date_with_Elvis=A Date with Elvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam's_Apple_(album)=Adam's Apple (Wayne Shorter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecca_and_the_Soul_Brother=Mecca and the Soul Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolution_for_Idiots_and_Addicts=Absolution for Idiots and Addicts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Main_Ingredient_(Pete_Rock_&_CL_Smooth_album)=The Main Ingredient (Pete Rock & CL Smooth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferment_(album)=Ferment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrome_(Catherine_Wheel_album)=Chrome (Catherine Wheel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Cats_and_Dogs=Like Cats and Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motherwar=Motherwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Power_(Tech_N9ne_album)=Absolute Power (Tech N9ne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl/Boy_EP=Girl/Boy EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_New_York=Hotel New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Get_It:_Thug_Motivation_101=Let's Get It: Thug Motivation 101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digidogheadlock=Digidogheadlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Will_Be_Revealed=All Will Be Revealed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_with_Fire_(Kevin_Federline_album)=Playing with Fire (Kevin Federline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Don't_Lie=Heart Don't Lie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thug_Brothers=Thug Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Had_One_Chance_to_Tell_You_Something=If I Had One Chance to Tell You Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Own_Words=In My Own Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Parole_from_Rock_'n'_Roll=No Parole from Rock N' Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy's_Law_(Murphy_Lee_album)=Murphy's Law (Murphy Lee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bootleg_Detroit=Bootleg Detroit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nihility=Nihility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chill_of_an_Early_Fall=Chill of an Early Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aria_(Asia_album)=Aria (Asia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alligator_(The_National_album)=Alligator (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Janet_to_Damita_Jo:_The_Videos=From janet. to Damita Jo: The Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena_(Asia_album)=Arena (Asia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanice_(album)=Shanice (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healing_Is_Difficult=Healing Is Difficult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colour_the_Small_One=Colour the Small One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remy_Zero_(album)=Remy Zero (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_Ain't_What_They_Used_to_Be_(And_You_Better_Believe_It)=Ella (album Ella Fitzgerald)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Secret_Domain=Love's Secret Domain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loose_(Nelly_Furtado_album)=Loose (Nelly Furtado)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debravation=Debravation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happily_Ever_After_(The_Cure_album)=...Happily Ever After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_of_the_Broken_Seas=Ballad of the Broken Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpatico_(The_Charlatans_album)=Simpatico (The Charlatans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underworld_(Adagio_album)=Underworld (Adagio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Green's_Greatest_Hits=Al Green's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amplified_Heart=Amplified Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Diddley_(1958_album)=Bo Diddley (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_&_Forever_(Randy_Travis_album)=Always & Forever (Randy Travis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Grace_(Aretha_Franklin_album)=Amazing Grace (Aretha Franklin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Old_Raincoat_Won't_Ever_Let_You_Down=An Old Raincoat Won't Ever Let You Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animalization=Animalization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Self=True Self
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto_(album)=Toto (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winding_Sheet=The Winding Sheet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Life=Island Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schmack!=Schmack!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bootlegs_&_B-Sides=Bootlegs & B-Sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Are_Missing_Winner=Are You Are Missing Winner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Johnny_from_the_Hospitul:_Breaks_&_Instrumentals_Vol.1=Little Johnny from the Hospitul: Breaks & Instrumentals Vol.1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Out_and_Play_(Twisted_Sister_album)=Come Out and Play (Twisted Sister)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Change_of_the_Century=Change of the Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Live=We Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supershitty_to_the_Max!=Supershitty to the Max!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payin'_the_Dues=Payin' the Dues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_&_Roll_Is_Dead=Rock & Roll Is Dead (The Hellacopters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morningwood_(album)=Morningwood (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_the_Night:_The_Very_Best_of_Europe=Rock the Night: The Very Best of Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_in_Reverse=You in Reverse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osc-Dis=OSC-DIS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_of_Habit=Force of Habit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_On_(The_Supremes_album)=Right On (The Supremes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cream_of_the_Crop=Cream of the Crop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rest_of_New_Order=The Rest of New Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(Simply_Red_album)=Life (Simply Red)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_and_Girls_(album)=Boys and Girls (Bryan Ferry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arc_of_a_Diver=Arc of a Diver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aretha_Arrives=Aretha Arrives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Educated_Horses=Educated Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aretha_Now=Aretha Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailor_(album)=Sailor (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Bird_&_the_Mysterious_Production_of_Eggs=Andrew Bird & the Mysterious Production of Eggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_the_Moon_(album)=Waiting for the Moon (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Land_(album)=Holy Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britney_Spears:_In_the_Zone=In the Zone (DVD)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britney_Spears_Live_from_Las_Vegas=Live from Las Vegas (Britney Spears)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor's_Advocate=Doctor's Advocate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Soldier_(1967_Donovan_album)=Universal Soldier (Donovan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangkok_Shocks,_Saigon_Shakes,_Hanoi_Rocks=Bangkok Shocks, Saigon Shakes, Hanoi Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oriental_Beat=Oriental Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Utterance=First Utterance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Past_Times_with_Good_Company=Past Times with Good Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Man_for_Himself_(album)=Every Man for Himself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Silence=The End of Silence (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Limits_(2_Unlimited_album)=No Limits (2 Unlimited)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Mystery_City=Back to Mystery City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Steps_from_the_Move=Two Steps from the Move
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Those_Wasted_Years=All Those Wasted Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cistm_Konfliqt...=CiSTm K0nFLiqT...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_a_Plumber=Son of a Plumber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Masses=For the Masses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donovan_in_Concert=Donovan in Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody's_Crazy=Everybody's Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Over_(Nuclear_Assault_album)=Game Over (Nuclear Assault)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangstress=Gangstress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doe_or_Die=Doe or Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telluric_Chaos=Telluric Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_the_Streets=We Are the Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_of_Death_(Jadakiss_album)=Kiss of Death (Jadakiss)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_tha_Game_Goodbye=Kiss tha Game Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money,_Power_&_Respect=Money, Power & Respect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Great_Challenge_in_a_Dull_World=The Last Great Challenge in a Dull World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reverberation_(album)=Reverberation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_(Echo_&_the_Bunnymen_album)=Evergreen (Echo & the Bunnymen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowers_(Echo_&_the_Bunnymen_album)=Flowers (Echo & the Bunnymen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_to_Learn_&_Sing=Songs to Learn & Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Provider=Soul Provider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Like_the_Fambly_Cat=Just Like the Fambly Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_&_Peace_Vol._2_(The_Peace_Disc)=War & Peace - Vol. 2 (The Peace Disc)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Carpet=From the Carpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salad_Days_(EP)=Salad Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Mind_(Pharrell_Williams_album)=In My Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldiers_of_the_Night=Soldiers of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Truths_and_Cycles=Universal Truths and Cycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isolation_Drills=Isolation Drills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_the_Collapse=Do the Collapse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Dictator=Digital Dictator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quik_Is_the_Name=Quik Is the Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan-Tas-Tic_(Vol._1)=Fan-Tas-Tic (Vol. 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruff_Draft=Ruff Draft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_Sound=Champion Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prometheus:_The_Discipline_of_Fire_&_Demise=Prometheus: The Discipline of Fire & Demise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Fleet_Project=Star Fleet Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fugazi_(EP)=Fugazi (Fugazi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Top_of_Our_Game=On Top of Our Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trading_Snakeoil_for_Wolftickets=Trading Snakeoil for Wolftickets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Paradise_(album)=Lost Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believe_in_Nothing=Believe in Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mamas_&_the_Papas_(album)=The Mamas & the Papas (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_Y.O.=20 Y.O.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Ball=Welcome to the Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cee-Lo_Green_and_His_Perfect_Imperfections=Cee-Lo Green and His Perfect Imperfections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cee-Lo_Green..._Is_the_Soul_Machine=Cee Lo Green... Is the Soul Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Working_Class_Man=For the Working Class Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Remains_the_Same=Nothing Remains the Same
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_with_the_Dead=Dancing with the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Judas_Priest:_Living_After_Midnight=The Best of Judas Priest: Living After Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diabolical_Fullmoon_Mysticism=Diabolical Fullmoon Mysticism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Holocaust=Pure Holocaust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battles_in_the_North=Battles in the North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Love_In_(Goo_Goo_Dolls_album)=Let Love In (Goo Goo Dolls)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_Star=Solo Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Ground=Devil's Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_It_Like_That=Play It Like That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_for_Rent=Life for Rent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_Films=Music for Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_of_the_Mastodon=Call of the Mastodon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Marshall_(album)=Amanda Marshall (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody's_Got_a_Story=Everybody's Got a Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_&_Belief=Blood and Belief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Light=Back to the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Billy_Idol_album)=Greatest Hits (Billy Idol)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Word_of_Mouth_(Vicious_Rumors_album)=Word of Mouth (Vicious Rumors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl_like_Me_(Rihanna_album)=A Girl like Me (Rihanna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Are_The_Sonics=Here Are the Sonics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_and_Louis=Ella and Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streetnoise=Streetnoise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Path_(EP)=Devil's Path
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punk_Goes_80's=Punk Goes 80's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_Thing_(album)=The One Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enlightened_Rogues=Enlightened Rogues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_a_Woman_Like_You=Only a Woman Like You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vintage_(Michael_Bolton_album)=Vintage (Michael Bolton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Land=The Hidden Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.e.m.IX=R.e.m.IX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Soothing_Songs_for_Rut=8 Soothing Songs for Rut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobotomizer=Lobotomizer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaze_of_Glory_(Jon_Bon_Jovi_album)=Blaze of Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blissard=Blissard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Theatre_of_Pain=Only Theatre of Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catastrophe_Ballet=Catastrophe Ballet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domestica=Domestica (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phanerothyme=Phanerothyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Love_Cult=It's a Love Cult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_34:_The_Complete_Trip=Voyage 34: The Complete Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Hole/Blank_Canvas=Black Hole/Blank Canvas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everytime_We_Touch_(album)=Everytime We Touch (album Cascada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Blood_and_Empire=For Blood and Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbed_Wire_Sandwich=Barbed Wire Sandwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Classics_Vol._One=Club Classics Vol. One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Sixpence_None_the_Richer=The Best of Sixpence None the Richer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acoustic_Soul=Acoustic Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DCLXVI:_To_Ride_Shoot_Straight_and_Speak_the_Truth=DCLXVI: To Ride, Shoot Straight and Speak the Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_to_India=Voyage to India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Youth_(album)=Electric Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iommi_(album)=Iommi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquest_(Uriah_Heep_album)=Conquest (Uriah Heep)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_(Liberty_X_album)=X (album Liberty X)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Somebody=Being Somebody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fused_(album)=Fused
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dopesick=Dopesick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Name_of_Suffering=In the Name of Suffering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_as_Needed_for_Pain=Take as Needed for Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instinct_(Iggy_Pop_album)=Instinct (Iggy Pop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Discomfort_(Eyehategod_album)=Southern Discomfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confederacy_of_Ruined_Lives=Confederacy of Ruined Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Years_of_Abuse_(and_Still_Broke)=10 Years of Abuse (and Still Broke)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Can't_Be_Stopped=We Can't Be Stopped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThemeAddict:_WWE_The_Music,_Vol._6=WWE ThemeAddict: The Music, Vol. 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hoople=The Hoople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Chuck_Yourself=Go Chuck Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SoulO=SoulO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_Euphoria=Feel Euphoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guitar_Town=Guitar Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_(The_Magnetic_Fields_album)=I (The Magnetic Fields)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Frederiksen_and_the_Bastards_(album)=Lars Frederiksen and the Bastards (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asshole_(album)=Asshole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blunted_on_Reality=Blunted on Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bootleg_Versions=Refugee Camp - Bootleg Versions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_the_Jam=The Sound of The Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Europe_(Otis_Redding_album)=Live in Europe (Otis Redding)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possibilities=Possibilities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tryin'_to_Get_the_Feeling=Tryin' to Get the Feeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_One's_for_You_(Barry_Manilow_album)=This One's for You (album Barry Manilow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astral_Weeks_(Charles_Mingus_album)=Astral Weeks (Charles Mingus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynyrd_Skynyrd_1991=Lynyrd Skynyrd 1991
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telephono=Telephono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Story_(Terror_Squad_album)=True Story (Terror Squad)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Place_and_Time=Another Place and Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_Now_(Barry_Manilow_album)=Even Now (album Barry Manilow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Voice_(Barry_Manilow_album)=One Voice (Barry Manilow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_(album)=Barry (Barry Manilow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Should_Love_Again=If I Should Love Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violet_(The_Birthday_Massacre_album)=Violet (The Birthday Massacre)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soon_Over_Babaluma=Soon Over Babaluma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_the_Night_(Barry_Manilow_album)=Here Comes the Night (Barry Manilow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2:00_AM_Paradise_Cafe=2:00 AM Paradise Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flow_Motion=Flow Motion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_Street=Swing Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saw_Delight=Saw Delight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Reach_(album)=Out of Reach (Can)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rite_Time=Rite Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IV_(Godsmack_album)=IV (Godsmack)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Factory=Buzz Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siempre_Selena=Siempre Selena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selena_(soundtrack)=Selena (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autumn_Effect=The Autumn Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beware_of_Dog_(album)=Beware of Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles_Box_Set=The Beatles Box Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarkan_(album)=Tarkan (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_at_Will=Kill at Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reject_All_American=Reject All American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_Solo=Solo Solo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighten_the_Corner=Brighten the Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yin_and_the_Yang=The Yin and the Yang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_London_(Deep_Purple_album)=Live in London (Deep Purple)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pick,_the_Sickle_and_the_Shovel=The Pick, The Sickle and The Shovel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_in_A-Minor=Nightmare in A-Minor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Story_Ever_Told_(The_Lawrence_Arms_album)=The Greatest Story Ever Told (The Lawrence Arms)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocktails_&_Dreams=Cocktails & Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Killer_A's=Return of the Killer A's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abominations_of_Desolation=Abominations of Desolation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unutterable=The Unutterable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weather_Report_(1971_album)=Weather Report (1971)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_You_Never_Been_Mellow=Have You Never Been Mellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Heart_of_Winter=At the Heart of Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pussy_Whipped=Pussy Whipped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abominog=Abominog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_First_(Uriah_Heep_album)=Head First (Uriah Heep)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equator_(Uriah_Heep_album)=Equator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4ever_Blue=4ever Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_of_Flying_(album)=Fear of Flying (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles_Collection=The Beatles: The Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Sides_of_the_Moon=Two Sides of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Video_Collection_93:99=The Video Collection 93:99
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collection_(Tracy_Chapman_album)=Collection (Tracy Chapman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_Something_About_Remy:_Based_on_a_True_Story=There's Something About Remy: Based on a True Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squeeze_Play_(album)=Squeeze Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Mid-Nite_Hour=In the Mid-Nite Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysterious_Traveller=Mysterious Traveller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Beckham_(album)=Victoria Beckham (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadcast_to_the_World=Broadcast to the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Ray_(album)=Sugar Ray (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_(Blue_album)=Guilty (album Blue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_Check_(Juvenile_album)=Reality Check (Juvenile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tale_Spinnin'=Tale Spinnin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Single_Collection:_Hotchpotch=Single Collection+ Hotchpotch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Single_Collection:_Nikopachi=Single Collection+ Nikopachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_(Maaya_Sakamoto_album)=Lucy (Maaya Sakamoto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dive_(Maaya_Sakamoto_album)=Dive (Maaya Sakamoto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Scratched_Up=All Scratched Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_(1973_album)=Elvis (1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domination_(Morbid_Angel_album)=Domination (Morbid Angel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Gone_(album)=Mr. Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facing_the_Animal=Facing the Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_in_This_Town=Stranger in This Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Passage_(album)=Night Passage (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Testament_(E_Nomine_album)=Das Testament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chthonic_Chronicles=The Chthonic Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood/Water=Wood/Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_(Neneh_Cherry_album)=Man (Neneh Cherry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Care_That_You_Don't_Mind=I Don't Care That You Don't Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreaming_No._11=Dreaming No. 11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Colossal=Super Colossal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.A.D.E.=M.A.D.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Twin=My Twin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Find_Yourself=Come Find Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100%25_Colombian=100% Colombian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Answers=The Answers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consent_to_Treatment=Consent to Treatment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Pursuit_of_Leisure=In the Pursuit of Leisure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_for_Sale=History for Sale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argue_with_a_Tree...=Argue with a Tree...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foolish_(album)=Foolish (Superchunk)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Picture:_The_Very_Best_of_Deborah_Harry_and_Blondie=The Complete Picture - The Very Best of Deborah Harry and Blondie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_'n'_Roll_Animal=Rock N Roll Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Reed_Live=Lou Reed Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pull_(Winger_album)=Pull (Winger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_to_City=City to City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dissimulate_(album)=Dissimulate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drudenhaus=Drudenhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Heat_of_the_Night_(Pat_Benatar_album)=In the Heat of the Night (Pat Benatar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Lies=World of Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seconds_of_Pleasure=Seconds of Pleasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Winger=The Very Best of Winger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ones_(album)=Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internal_Exile_(Fish_album)=Internal Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflections_(A_Retrospective)=Reflections: A Retrospective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Northern_Darkness=Sons of Northern Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damned_in_Black=Damned in Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blizzard_Beasts=Blizzard Beasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hardest_Way_to_Make_an_Easy_Living=The Hardest Way to Make an Easy Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Apple_Falls=Red Apple Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shleep=Shleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_of_the_Flickering=Born of the Flickering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shazam_(album)=Shazam (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pagan_Prosperity=The Pagan Prosperity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Defiance_of_Existence=In Defiance of Existence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer's_Stellar_Gaze=Summer's Stellar Gaze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Like_You_Were_Dying=Live Like You Were Dying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Action_(album)=Rock Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_Mix=Rough Mix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Crimes_of_Alice_Cooper=The Life and Crimes of Alice Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_for_Light=Rock for Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Painted_from_Memory=Painted from Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Life_(Magazine_album)=Real Life (Magazine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_Book_(Simply_Red_album)=Picture Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_(Simple_Minds_album)=Once Upon a Time (Simple Minds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_and_Lunch=Paradise and Lunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Come_Down_(Spiritualized_album)=Let It Come Down (Spiritualized)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momentos_Intimos=Momentos intimos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_and_Loss=Magic and Loss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_into_Your_System=Back Into Your System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saga_Continues...=The Saga Continues... (Diddy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distant_Plastic_Trees=Distant Plastic Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wayward_Bus_(album)=The Wayward Bus (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silk_Degrees=Silk Degrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doctor_Came_at_Dawn=The Doctor Came at Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_House_of_Blues_(Tupac_Shakur_album)=Live at the House of Blues (Tupac Shakur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru's_Jazzmatazz,_Vol._3:_Streetsoul=Jazzmatazz, Vol. 3: Streetsoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beast_over_Hammersmith=Eddie's Archive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10,000_Days_(Tool_album)=10,000 Days (Tool)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_the_Mirror=Songs from the Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Joe_Moon=Mighty Joe Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learning_to_Crawl=Learning to Crawl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakesale=Bakesale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_(Angela_Aki_EP)=One (Angela Aki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Sessions=The Black Sessions (Katatonia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Unplugged=Kiss Unplugged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_from_the_Bong=Greatest Hits from the Bong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_by_Ella=30 by Ella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Legend_(album)=Urban Legend (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Get_Enough_(Barry_White_album)=Can't Get Enough (Barry White)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul-Crusher=Soul-Crusher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Cool=Out of the Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Patent_Leather=Red Patent Leather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shutov_Assembly=The Shutov Assembly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punk_Goes_Pop=Punk Goes Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_In_a_Silent_Way_Sessions=The Complete In a Silent Way Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Smoke_Clears:_Sixty_6,_Sixty_1=When the Smoke Clears: Sixty 6, Sixty 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_Along_This_Road=Tales Along This Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portals_of_Grace=Portals of Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organic_Hallucinosis=Organic Hallucinosis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iceberg/Freedom_of_Speech..._Just_Watch_What_You_Say!=The Iceberg/Freedom of Speech... Just Watch What You Say!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loggins_and_Messina_(album)=Loggins and Messina (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Sail_(Loggins_and_Messina_album)=Full Sail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Elsewhere_(album)=St. Elsewhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Your_Bones=Show Your Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_(The_Jesus_Lizard_album)=Pure (The Jesus Lizard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_Diablos=Carnival Diablos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_the_Fury=Waking the Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Unbreakables=Da Unbreakables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammersmith_Odeon_London_'75=Hammersmith Odeon London '75
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive!_(Kiss_album)=Alive! (Kiss)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Most_Known_Unknown=Most Known Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey's_Anatomy_(soundtrack)=Grey's Anatomy (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Johnny_Cash=The Legend of Johnny Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_Through_the_Past=Journey Through the Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Act_III_(Death_Angel_album)=Act III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_(OSI_album)=Free (OSI)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_the_Rings=Master of the Rings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_of_the_Oath=The Time of the Oath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_for_Silent_Movies=Songs for Silent Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Rounds_in_Tokyo=Live Rounds in Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_the_Line_(soundtrack)=Walk the Line: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Kill_Wonder=One Kill Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Heart_and_the_Synapse=Between the Heart and the Synapse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Jam_(album)=Pearl Jam (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copperopolis_(album)=Copperopolis (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuzzy_(album)=Fuzzy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphinctour=Sphinctour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_the_Electric_Circus=Inside the Electric Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dying_for_the_World=Dying for the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unholy_Terror=Unholy Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecstasy_(Lou_Reed_album)=Ecstasy (Lou Reed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_and_Roll_Heart=Rock 'n' Roll Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewing_Up_with_Billy_Bragg=Brewing Up with Billy Bragg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workers_Playtime_(album)=Workers Playtime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Phase=Pure Phase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Close=Get Close
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packed!=Packed!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loose_Screw=Loose Screw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/666_International=666 International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_for_Drella=Songs for Drella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlackAcetate=BlackAcetate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boats_Against_the_Current=Boats Against the Current
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Nordic_Twilight=King of the Nordic Twilight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommyland:_The_Ride=Tommyland: The Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerillas_in_tha_Mist=Guerillas in tha Mist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Falling=Mercury Falling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Carmen_(1984_album)=Eric Carmen (album 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doremi_Fasol_Latido=Doremi Fasol Latido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Attack=Sonic Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicle_of_the_Black_Sword=The Chronicle of the Black Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Love_(Blue_album)=One Love (album Blue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicidal_Final_Art=Suicidal Final Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Fear_I_Kiss_the_Burning_Darkness=With Fear I Kiss the Burning Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Heaven_and_Hell_(album)=Between Heaven and Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Earth=Burning Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(Halford_album)=Resurrection (Halford)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_in_the_Sky_Is_Ours=The Red in the Sky Is Ours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardens_of_Grief=Gardens of Grief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Separation_Sunday=Separation Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_at_Massey_Hall=Jazz at Massey Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Black_Moon_Broods_Over_Lemuria=A Black Moon Broods Over Lemuria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowned_in_Terror=Crowned in Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Already_Platinum=Already Platinum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Speed=The Sound of Speed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Flat_Field=In the Flat Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Wild_Angel:_Live_at_the_Isle_of_Wight=Blue Wild Angel: Live at the Isle of Wight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4:99=4:99
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizontal_(album)=Horizontal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoner_(Cher_album)=Prisoner (Cher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1987_(What_the_Fuck_Is_Going_On%3F)=1987 What the Fuck Is Going On?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amboy_Dukes_(album)=The Amboy Dukes (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youth_Dub=Youth (album Matisyahu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Sound_Forever_(EP)=Perfect Sound Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_V:_A_Hundred_Highways=American V: A Hundred Highways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donavon_Frankenreiter_(album)=Donavon Frankenreiter (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_&_Peace_Vol._1_(The_War_Disc)=War & Peace - Vol. 1 (The War Disc)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinland_Saga_(album)=Vinland Saga (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Got_the_Blues=Still Got the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_Spider=Good Morning Spider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Shall_Burn..._When_We_Are_Gathered=Heaven Shall Burn... When We Are Gathered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plague_Angel=Plague Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grande_Danse_Macabre=La Grande Danse Macabre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightwing_(album)=Nightwing (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Endless=Dark Endless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opus_Nocturne=Opus Nocturne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Idea=Bright Idea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear,_Emptiness,_Despair=Fear, Emptiness, Despair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hittin'_the_Note=Hittin' the Note
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violence_Has_Arrived=Violence Has Arrived
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrito_Deluxe=Burrito Deluxe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GP_(album)=GP (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Shout=Silent Shout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Shook_Up_(Cheap_Trick_album)=All Shook Up (Cheap Trick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_(album)=U (The Incredible String Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Glad_for_the_Song_Has_No_Ending=Be Glad for the Song Has No Ending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grow_into_One=Grow into One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_My_Mind=Feel My Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mask_(Bauhaus_album)=Mask (Bauhaus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peregrine_(album)=Peregrine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accept_(Accept_album)=Accept (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superkala=Superkala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cold_Vein=The Cold Vein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Dancing_with_The_Kinks=Come Dancing with The Kinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organisation_(album)=Organisation (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orchestral_Manoeuvres_in_the_Dark_(album)=Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Change_Has_Come=Change Has Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_the_Man_(album)=I'm the Man (Joe Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acoustic_(Bayside_EP)=Acoustic (Bayside)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Need_for_Alarm=No Need for Alarm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craveman=Craveman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monk's_Blues=Monk's Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderfulness=Wonderfulness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_Crazy=Beat Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monotheist_(album)=Monotheist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor's_Return=Emperor's Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_It_Falls=When It Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drift=The Drift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tragic_Serenades=Tragic Serenades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Were_Wrong,_So_We_Drowned=They Were Wrong, So We Drowned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_(Chris_Hillman_album)=The Other Side (Chris Hillman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthology_(Chuck_Berry_album)=The Anthology (Chuck Berry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hits_(Garth_Brooks_album)=The Hits (Garth Brooks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aku_no_Hana=Aku no hana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six/Nine=Six/Nine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Back_(Mase_album)=Welcome Back (Ma$e)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Confessor_Brings_the_Flood=Fox Confessor Brings the Flood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_(Zero_7_album)=The Garden (Zero 7)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexual_XXXXX!=Sexual XXXXX!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drum's_Not_Dead=Drum's Not Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_of_Distress=Angels of Distress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illusion's_Play=Illusion's Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desireless_(album)=Desireless (Eagle-Eye Cherry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleep_Is_the_Enemy=Sleep Is the Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Could_Only_Remember_My_Name=If I Could Only Remember My Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Lovers_Mourn=Where Lovers Mourn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Off!=Go Off!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_by_Manipulation=Death by Manipulation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockford_(album)=Rockford (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Night_in_San_Francisco=Friday Night in San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Lining_(Soul_Asylum_album)=The Silver Lining (Soul Asylum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katorz=Katorz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Killed_The_JAMs%3F=Who Killed The JAMs?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Kids_on_the_Block_(album)=New Kids on the Block (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_by_Step_(New_Kids_on_the_Block_album)=Step by Step (album New Kids on the Block)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_and_Tributes=News and Tributes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coma_of_Souls=Coma of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moanin'=Moanin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numbers_(Cat_Stevens_album)=Numbers (Cat Stevens)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_Companion=Highway Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undiscovered_Soul=Undiscovered Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Earth_(Cat_Stevens_album)=Back to Earth (Cat Stevens)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_the_Torn_Apart=Inside the Torn Apart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Words_from_the_Exit_Wound=Words from the Exit Wound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punishment_in_Capitals=Punishment in Capitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Somberlain=The Somberlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majikat=Majikat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...And_Then_You'll_Beg=...And Then You'll Beg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indecent_&_Obscene=Indecent & Obscene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Ironcrosses_Grow=Where Ironcrosses Grow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_That_Never_Was=The God That Never Was
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Preacher's_Wife_(soundtrack)=The Preacher's Wife: Original Soundtrack Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hot_+_Blue=Red Hot + Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Alternative=No Alternative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best:_First_Things=Best: First Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Heals_Nothing=Time Heals Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifesblood_for_the_Downtrodden=Lifesblood for the Downtrodden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_a_Sound=Make a Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Shall_Overcome:_The_Seeger_Sessions=We Shall Overcome: The Seeger Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magazine_(Heart_album)=Magazine (Heart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_&_Butterfly_(album)=Dog & Butterfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passionworks=Passionworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_(Heart_album)=Heart (album Heart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Animals=Bad Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigade_(album)=Brigade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desire_Walks_On=Desire Walks On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_Home_(Heart_album)=The Road Home (Heart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_in_Seattle=Alive in Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiters_Darling=Jupiters Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrum_(Billy_Cobham_album)=Spectrum (Billy Cobham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happenstance_(Rachael_Yamagata_album)=Happenstance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lace=The Lace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finsternis=Finsternis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_St._Louie_to_Frisco=From St. Louie to Frisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silence_Is_Sexy=Silence Is Sexy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hear_It_Is=Hear It Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wee_Tam_and_the_Big_Huge=Wee Tam and the Big Huge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resolve_(Lagwagon_album)=Resolve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shayne_Ward_(album)=Shayne Ward (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Age_of_Earth=New Age of Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chainheart_Machine=The Chainheart Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_Born_Chaos=Natural Born Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figure_Number_Five=Figure Number Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Blue_(album)=Ruby Blue (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KC_and_the_Sunshine_Band_(album)=KC and the Sunshine Band (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Dozen_Berrys=One Dozen Berrys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homegrown_(Neil_Young_album)=Homegrown (album Neil Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexor=Sexor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elis_&_Tom=Elis & Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_to_Your_Leader_(Hawkwind_album)=Take Me to Your Leader (Hawkwind)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_for_Blood_(Sadus_album)=Out for Blood (Sadus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illusions_(Sadus_album)=Illusions (Sadus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Sunshine=The Sound of Sunshine (KC and the Sunshine Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Part_3_(KC_and_the_Sunshine_Band_album)=Part 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_It_Good=Do It Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrestling_Album=The Wrestling Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_Me_Do_It=The Haunted Made Me Do It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punk_Goes_Metal=Punk Goes Metal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_(album)=Mario (Mario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Berry_Is_on_Top=Chuck Berry Is on Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Flower=Soul Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_of_the_Pride_Lands=Rhythm of the Pride Lands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Now_Hey_(The_Other_Side_of_the_Sky)=Hey Now Hey (The Other Side of the Sky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Everything_I_Feel_in_Me=With Everything I Feel in Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_New_World_(Steve_Miller_Band_album)=Brave New World (Steve Miller Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abracadabra_(Steve_Miller_Band_album)=Abracadabra (album Steve Miller Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Billie=The Best of Billie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Alice_in_Wonderland=Goodbye Alice in Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Storm_Comes_Down=When the Storm Comes Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Place_for_Disgrace=No Place for Disgrace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomsday_for_the_Deceiver=Doomsday for the Deceiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolverine_Blues=Wolverine Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirkus:_The_Young_Persons'_Guide_to_King_Crimson_Live=Cirkus: The Young Persons' Guide to King Crimson Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Puss_(Live_in_London)=Monkey Puss (Live in London)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misanthropic_(album)=Misanthropic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Do_Ya_(Love)=Who Do Ya Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Truth=The Book of Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soulless_(album)=Soulless (album Grave)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaders_Not_Followers=Leaders Not Followers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_from_the_Grave=Back from the Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiendish_Regression=Fiendish Regression
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Wanna_Go_Party=Do You Wanna Go Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Octopus=Red Octopus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KC_Ten=KC Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_and_More=Live and More (Donna Summer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_There_for_You_(album)=I'll Be There for You (album KC and the Sunshine Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Don't_Know_Me:_The_Songs_of_Cindy_Walker=You Don't Know Me: The Songs of Cindy Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_Out_Boy's_Evening_Out_with_Your_Girlfriend=Fall Out Boy's Evening Out with Your Girlfriend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflections_(Apocalyptica_album)=Reflections (Apocalyptica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Apocalyptica=The Best of Apocalyptica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hosannas_from_the_Basements_of_Hell=Hosannas from the Basements of Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Metal_(split_album)=Death Metal (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breed_to_Breathe=Breed to Breathe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filth_(Swans_album)=Filth (Swans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_to_a_World_Below=Close to a World Below
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans_Canada_Highway_(EP)=Trans Canada Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hits_I_Missed...And_One_I_Didn't=Hits I Missed...And One I Didn't
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hate_Breeds_Suffering=Hate Breeds Suffering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Beauty_of_Wynona=For the Beauty of Wynona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Sex_Machine=Live at the Sex Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Influence_(Overkill_album)=Under the Influence (Overkill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockin'_at_the_Hops=Rockin' at the Hops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodrigo_y_Gabriela_(album)=Rodrigo y Gabriela (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniacal_Laughter=Maniacal Laughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_English_(album)=Broken English (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goat_(album)=Goat (The Jesus Lizard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onward_to_Golgotha=Onward to Golgotha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steal_This_Record=Steal This Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Match_and_Some_Gasoline=A Match and Some Gasoline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_(Everything_but_the_Girl_album)=Eden (Everything but the Girl)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Talking_Heads=The Best of Talking Heads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunny_Side_of_the_Moon:_The_Best_of_Richard_Cheese=The Sunny Side of the Moon: The Best of Richard Cheese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Berry's=Fresh Berry's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extra_Width=Extra Width
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_(Low_album)=Trust (Low)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernova_(Lisa_Lopes_album)=Supernova (Lisa Lopes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collectables_by_Ashanti=Collectables by Ashanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Dreams=Book of Dreams (Steve Miller Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_London_Chuck_Berry_Sessions=The London Chuck Berry Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Funk%3F=What's Funk?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Die_(Grand_Funk_Railroad_album)=Born to Die (Grand Funk Railroad)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Girls_in_the_World_Beware!!!=All the Girls in the World Beware!!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transylvania_90210:_Songs_of_Death,_Dying,_and_the_Dead=Transylvania 90210: Songs of Death, Dying, and the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synthetic_Generation=Synthetic Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Force_Domain=Black Force Domain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageless_Venomous=Ageless Venomous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Times_(Kool_&_the_Gang_album)=Good Times (Kool & the Gang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_and_Peaceful_(Kool_&_the_Gang_album)=Wild and Peaceful (Kool & the Gang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_of_Worlds=Light of Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Sesame_(Kool_&_the_Gang_album)=Open Sesame (Kool & the Gang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Understanding=Love & Understanding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_We_Know_Is_Falling=All We Know Is Falling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Buckley_(album)=Tim Buckley (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greetings_from_L.A.=Greetings from L.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tainted_Love/Where_Did_Our_Love_Go_EP=Tainted Love (Soft Cell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singles_(Feeder_album)=The Singles (Feeder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_at_the_Fool=Look at the Fool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extended_Play_(Pretenders_EP)=Extended Play (The Pretenders)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Isle_of_View=The Isle of View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbound_(Merciless_album)=Unbound (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Pretenders_album)=Greatest Hits (The Pretenders)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thugs_Are_Us=Thugs Are Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purgatory_Afterglow=Purgatory Afterglow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spectral_Sorrows=The Spectral Sorrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies'_Night_(album)=Ladies' Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrate!=Celebrate!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Says_No=God Says No
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanix_(album)=Mechanix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Contact_(album)=Making Contact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misdemeanor_(UFO_album)=Misdemeanor (UFO)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Louis_to_Liverpool=St. Louis to Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Are_Here_(UFO_album)=You Are Here (UFO)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Stakes_&_Dangerous_Men=High Stakes & Dangerous Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worship_God=Worship God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny's_Child:_Live_in_Atlanta=Destiny's Child: Live in Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Great_Guitars=Two Great Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_(Moonspell_album)=Memorial (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel_Melody=Cruel Melody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_I_Am_(Marion_Raven_album)=Here I Am (Marion Raven)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_(Elvis_Costello_album)=North (Elvis Costello)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_the_Long_Way=Taking the Long Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Special_(Kool_&_the_Gang_album)=Something Special (Kool & the Gang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_One_(Kool_&_the_Gang_album)=As One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Heart=In the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_at_Night_(album)=Sky at Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxy_Lady_(Cher_album)=Foxy Lady (Cher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency_(Kool_&_the_Gang_album)=Emergency (album Kool & the Gang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_(Kool_&_the_Gang_album)=Forever (Kool & the Gang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweat_(Kool_&_the_Gang_album)=Sweat (Kool & the Gang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_Fire=Eden Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murda_Muzik=Murda Muzik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half-Breed_(album)=Half-Breed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Lady_(album)=Dark Lady (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectral_Mornings=Spectral Mornings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_(T.I._album)=King (T.I.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nouvelle_Vague_(album)=Nouvelle Vague (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Session=Super Session
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continuum_(John_Mayer_album)=Continuum (John Mayer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Ain't_Safe_No_More...=It Ain't Safe No More...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Cities_(album)=Dead Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Eve_(album)=All About Eve (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Iron_Sea=Under the Iron Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Profile:_The_Original_Rhymes=High Profile/The Original Rhymes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_and_Other_Stories=Scarlet and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternal_E=Eternal E
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Filthy_Little_Mouth=Your Filthy Little Mouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Song_Contest_2007=Eurovision Song Contest 2007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Prophezeiung=Die Prophezeiung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Beste_aus..._Gottes_Beitrag_und_Teufels_Werk=Das Beste aus... Gottes Beitrag und Teufels Werk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deserted_Palace=Deserted Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colours_(Michael_Learns_to_Rock_album)=Colours (Michael Learns to Rock)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changing_Horses_(Incredible_String_Band_album)=Changing Horses (The Incredible String Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Looked_Up=I Looked Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Django_(album)=Django (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touched_by_Jesus=Touched by Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraviolet_(All_About_Eve_album)=Ultraviolet (All About Eve)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Both_Sides_of_the_Gun=Both Sides of the Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Lucky_(Loverboy_album)=Get Lucky (Loverboy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_(album)=Cop (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbie_Robertson_(album)=Robbie Robertson (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twentysomething_(album)=Twentysomething
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Capitol_Albums,_Volume_2=The Capitol Albums, Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Phish_Volume_2=Live Phish Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_in_Shangri-La=Trouble in Shangri-La
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generator_zla=Generator Zla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Prince=Ultimate (Prince)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Dances_(album)=Wild Dances (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Waste=Human Waste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grind_Finale=Grind Finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Monica_'72=Santa Monica '72
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dedication:_The_Very_Best_of_Thin_Lizzy=Dedication: The Very Best of Thin Lizzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humming_(album)=Humming (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_Moon=Phantom Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daylight_(Duncan_Sheik_album)=Daylight (Duncan Sheik)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Limousine=White Limousine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosso_Amor_Rebelde=Nosso amor rebelde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Ways_but_Love_Stays=New Ways but Love Stays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burst_and_Bloom=Burst and Bloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_In_and_Burn=Come In and Burn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climate_of_Hunter=Climate of Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Played_on_Pepper=Played on Pepper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_Talk_Talk=Talk Talk Talk (The Psychedelic Furs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_of_Equilibrium=Forest of Equilibrium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HQ_(album)=HQ (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_All_the_Time=Everything All the Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Ghetto_Report_Card=My Ghetto Report Card
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_to_Anywhere=Waterloo to Anywhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Wonderful_Life_(album)=It's a Wonderful Life (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_as_the_Clay=Cold as the Clay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Horizons_(Luca_Turilli's_Dreamquest_album)=Lost Horizons (Luca Turilli)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Dave_(album)=Diamond Dave (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Define_the_Great_Line=Define the Great Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godless_Savage_Garden=Godless Savage Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceans_of_Time=Oceans of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamma_1=Gamma 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Codex_Necro=The Codex Necro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Things_(2_Unlimited_album)=Real Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2Pac_Live=2Pac Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_So_Raven_Too!=That's So Raven Too!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inhale/Exhale_(Nasum_album)=Inhale/Exhale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_2.0=Human 2.0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weather_Report_(1982_album)=Weather Report (1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Have_Arrived_(album)=We Have Arrived
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex,_America,_Cheap_Trick=Sex, America, Cheap Trick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indoor_Living=Indoor Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_the_Fuck_Are_Arctic_Monkeys%3F=Who the Fuck Are Arctic Monkeys?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_(Aretha_Franklin_album)=You (Aretha Franklin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_It_Right_(album)=Get It Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almighty_Fire=Almighty Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump_to_It=Jump to It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Zoomin'_Who%3F=Who's Zoomin' Who?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survival_of_the_Fastest=Survival of the Fastest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lover_Boy_(album)=Lover Boy (Ariel Pink's Haunted Graffiti)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Elvis_in_Memphis=From Elvis in Memphis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possessed_(Venom_album)=Possessed (Venom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gateways_to_Annihilation=Gateways to Annihilation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heretic_(Morbid_Angel_album)=Heretic (Morbid Angel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/16/9_(album)=16/9 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serious_Hits..._Live!=Serious Hits... Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamland_(Madeleine_Peyroux_album)=Dreamland (Madeleine Peyroux)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Newport_1960=At Newport 1960
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kink_Kronikles=The Kink Kronikles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Fillmore_East_(Jimi_Hendrix_album)=Live at the Fillmore East (Jimi Hendrix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Collection_(Shanice_album)=Ultimate Collection (Shanice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Glass_(album)=Broken Glass (Crowbar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebel_Meets_Rebel=Rebel Meets Rebel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grit_&_Grind=Grit & Grind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm-al-ism=Rhythm-al-ism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Unification_(album)=Grand Unification
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_They_Hurt%3F=Do They Hurt?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Made_Music_to_Strip_By=American Made Music to Strip By
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelations_(Audioslave_album)=Revelations (album Audioslave)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Procession_(album)=Procession (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doctor_(Cheap_Trick_album)=The Doctor (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Trash_with_Money=White Trash with Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busted_(Cheap_Trick_album)=Busted (Cheap Trick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Anywhere=Destination Anywhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woke_Up_with_a_Monster=Woke up with a Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodom_(album)=Sodom (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolution_Tour=Absolution Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Above_the_Fall_of_Man=Above the Fall of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2000_Fold=2000 Fold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_Zone/The_Pleasure_Dome=The Quiet Zone/The Pleasure Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Mars_to_Sirius=From Mars to Sirius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vital_(Van_der_Graaf_Generator_album)=Vital (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Hungry_(Twisted_Sister_album)=Still Hungry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_to_Pay_(Dokken_album)=Hell to Pay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folk_Singer_(album)=Folk Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hot_+_Rio=Red Hot + Rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corridors_of_Power_(album)=Corridors of Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amore_(Andrea_Bocelli_album)=Amore (Andrea Bocelli)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warning_(Hot_Chip_album)=The Warning (Hot Chip)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Want_Moore!=We Want Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisis_(Alexisonfire_album)=Crisis (Alexisonfire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_from_Hell_(Onslaught_album)=Power from Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organik_Remixes=Organik Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxed_(Eurythmics)=Boxed (Eurythmics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Will_the_Wolf_Survive%3F=How Will the Wolf Survive?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Songstress=The Songstress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_'til_You_Drop!=Pop 'til You Drop!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_Back_(album)=Turn Back (Toto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sky's_Gone_Out=The Sky's Gone Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_from_the_Inside=Burning from the Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_to_the_Right=Swing to the Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruun=Ruun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shift-Work_(album)=Shift-Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Psychedelic_Furs_(album)=The Psychedelic Furs (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip_It_Up_(Dead_or_Alive_album)=Rip It Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan_the_Flame_(Part_1)=Fan the Flame (Part 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nukleopatra=Nukleopatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decemberunderground=Decemberunderground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dismantling_Devotion=Dismantling Devotion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbreakable_(Dead_or_Alive_album)=Unbreakable (Dead or Alive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution:_The_Hits=Evolution - The Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best:_Second_Session=Best: Second Session
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Jam_(album)=Ram Jam (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/500_Degreez=500 Degreez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Basics_(Christina_Aguilera_album)=Back to Basics (Christina Aguilera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_Image=Split Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Delivery_Man=The Delivery Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code:_Selfish=Code: Selfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_for_Greeny=Blues for Greeny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Mia_Vita_Violenta=La Mia Vita Violenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_for_Night_(Spock's_Beard_album)=Day for Night (Spock's Beard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_Celebrations=Master Celebrations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foiled=Foiled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Incantation=The Ultimate Incantation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Behavior=Extreme Behavior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souvenir_of_Their_Visit_to_America=Souvenirs of Their Visit to America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Party_(album)=War Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Cold_Night=One Cold Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Circle_(Xzibit_album)=Full Circle (Xzibit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colosseum_Live=Colosseum Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow's_Blues=Tomorrow's Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_First_(Badfinger_album)=Head First (Badfinger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Black=The New Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_the_Sea=Return to the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Canteen=Welcome to the Canteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuruption!=Kuruption!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_All_Worthless_and_Weak=You're All Worthless and Weak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Hell=Beyond Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_of_Life=Art of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/40_Seasons:_The_Best_of_Skid_Row=40 Seasons: The Best of Skid Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Lullabyes=Deadly Lullabyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sufferer_&_the_Witness=The Sufferer & the Witness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Days_in_Paradise=Dark Days in Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Blues_(Gary_Moore_album)=Back to the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Blue=Classic Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberation_Music_Orchestra_(album)=Liberation Music Orchestra (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_(Rush_album)=Gold (Rush)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydra_(Toto_album)=Hydra (Toto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clandestino=Clandestino (album Manu Chao)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_McGraw_(album)=Tim McGraw (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Black=Metal Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Long_Strange_Trip_It's_Been=What a Long Strange Trip It's Been
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Talk_(Fabolous_album)=Real Talk (Fabolous)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_&_Forth_(EP)=Back & Forth (Skinny Puppy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_of_the_Sky=Pieces of the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elite_Hotel=Elite Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quarter_Moon_in_a_Ten_Cent_Town=Quarter Moon in a Ten Cent Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxury_Liner_(album)=Luxury Liner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dirt_Girl=Red Dirt Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stumble_into_Grace=Stumble into Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_and_Fortune=Fame and Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stories_Told_&_Untold=Stories Told & Untold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Without_Women_(album)=Men Without Women (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Sting_&_The_Police=The Very Best of Sting & The Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kivenkantaja=Kivenkantaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medusa_(Clan_of_Xymox_album)=Medusa (Clan of Xymox)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Brixton_Academy=Live from Brixton Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Songs_(Diana_Krall_album)=Christmas Songs (Diana Krall)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Family_(album)=The First Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monday_Morning_Apocalypse=Monday Morning Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_(Little_Steven_album)=Revolution (Little Steven)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_to_a_Go-Go=Going to a Go-Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inner_Circle_(album)=The Inner Circle (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poverty's_Paradise=Poverty's Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IIcons=IIcons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superbi=Superbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imrama=Imrama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Blood_(X_Japan_album)=Blue Blood (X Japan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Jam_Official_Bootlegs=Bootleg ufficiali dei Pearl Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_The_Hollies_Style=In The Hollies Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Baby=You Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cities_(The_Cat_Empire_album)=Cities (The Cat Empire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Care_(album)=Take Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iparhi_Logos=Iparhi logos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aura_(Asia_album)=Aura (Asia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protereotita=Protereotita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_2=Scott 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck_Rock=Duck Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jimi_Hendrix_Experience_(album)=The Jimi Hendrix Experience (box set)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorilla_(Bonzo_Dog_Doo-Dah_Band_album)=Gorilla (album Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_2_(CKY_album)=Volume 2 (CKY)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_the_Beholder_(album)=Eye of the Beholder (Chick Corea Elektric Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howlin'_Wolf_(album)=Howlin' Wolf (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1996_DEP_Sessions=The 1996 DEP Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bow_Down=Bow Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Certain_Because=For Certain Because
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good,_the_Bad,_and_the_Argyle=The Good, the Bad & the Argyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%3F_(Nena_album)=? (Nena)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Grain_(Kurupt_album)=Against tha Grain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doughnut_in_Granny's_Greenhouse=The Doughnut in Granny's Greenhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beck,_Bogert_&_Appice_(album)=Beck, Bogert & Appice (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrorist_Threats=Terrorist Threats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Sinner:_1st_Entry=Diary of a Sinner: 1st Entry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_We_Live_In_and_Live_in_Hamburg=The World We Live In and Live in Hamburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Berry_Twist=Chuck Berry Twist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devotional_(video)=Devotional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_in_Paris=One Night in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Places_You_Have_Come_to_Fear_the_Most=The Places You Have Come to Fear the Most
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kronet_Til_Konge=Kronet Til Konge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monumental_Possession=Monumental Possession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suden_uni=Suden Uni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satanic_Art=Satanic Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bare_(Annie_Lennox_album)=Bare (Annie Lennox)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2002_(Tha_Dogg_Pound_album)=2002 (Tha Dogg Pound)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Sharp_Shocked=Short Sharp Shocked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Diamond_(Angie_Stone_album)=Black Diamond (Angie Stone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Past,_Present_and_Future_(Al_Stewart_album)=Past, Present and Future (Al Stewart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Japan_(John_Coltrane_album)=Live in Japan (John Coltrane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cosmic_Game=The Cosmic Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rest_Inside_the_Flames=Rest Inside the Flames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kansas_Boxed_Set=The Kansas Boxed Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relish_(album)=Relish (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sail_On:_The_30th_Anniversary_Collection=Sail On: The 30th Anniversary Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Kansas=The Ultimate Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cali_Iz_Active=Cali Iz Active
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillan's_Inn=Gillan's Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actual_Sounds_+_Voices=Actual Sounds + Voices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_at_Carnegie_Hall=Judy at Carnegie Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_of_the_Attacking_Things=Attack of the Attacking Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godfather_(soundtrack)=Il padrino (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Wilson_(album)=Carl Wilson (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Revancha_del_Tango=La revancha del tango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Order_and_Model=Between Order and Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Declaration_of_War=Grand Declaration of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Black_Box=A Black Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_What(ever)_May=Come What(ever) May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Exit_(Traffic_album)=Last Exit (Traffic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadpoles_(album)=Tadpoles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keynsham_(album)=Keynsham (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everywhere_(Tim_McGraw_album)=Everywhere (album Tim McGraw)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Written_in_Waters=Written in Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_+_Sound=Safe + Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balance_&_Options=Balance & Options
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_the_Unforgiven=Songs of the Unforgiven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_No_More_(Badfinger_album)=Say No More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dah_Shinin'=Dah Shinin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Di_terra=...di terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_People_(album)=For the People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diggin'_in_dah_Vaults=Diggin' in dah Vaults
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rude_Awakening=The Rude Awakening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnum_Force_(album)=Magnum Force (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Zone_(album)=War Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Training:_Boot_Camp_Clik's_Greatest_Hits=Basic Training: Boot Camp Clik's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Eclipse_(Black_Moon_album)=Total Eclipse (Black Moon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BYO_Split_Series_Volume_IV=BYO Split Series, Vol. 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchors_Aweigh_(album)=Anchors Aweigh (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacket_Full_of_Danger=Jacket Full of Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Black_Years=Ten Black Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Look_Around_(album)=Take a Look Around (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SlaughtaHouse=SlaughtaHouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sittin'_on_Chrome=Sittin' on Chrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disposable_Arts=Disposable Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Long_Hot_Summer=A Long Hot Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transform_(Rebecca_St._James_album)=Transform (Rebecca St. James)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B-Side_Ourselves=B-Side Ourselves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_All_the_World_Now=Stop All the World Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Bad_You're_Beautiful=Too Bad You're Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fiction_We_Live=The Fiction We Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_I_Say=Can I Say
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advance_and_Vanquish=Advance and Vanquish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Teaches_of_Peaches=The Teaches of Peaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominion_(Kamelot_album)=Dominion (Kamelot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Berkeley=Live at Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Expedition=The Expedition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(The_Bouncing_Souls_album)=Live (The Bouncing Souls)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Surface=Under the Surface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternity_(Kamelot_album)=Eternity (Kamelot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_on_the_Sun=Shadows on the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_All_That_Holds_You=Killing All That Holds You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howl_Howl_Gaff_Gaff=Howl Howl Gaff Gaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasassination=Rasassination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best,_The_Rest,_The_Rare=The Best, the Rest, the Rare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Teenage_Kick=Saturday Teenage Kick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egg_(album)=Egg (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoned_&_Dethroned=Stoned & Dethroned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimera_(Mayhem_album)=Chimera (Mayhem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espers_(album)=Espers (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Testimony:_Vol._1,_Life_&_Relationship=Testimony: Vol. 1, Life & Relationship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_of_Infinity=The Edge of Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Open_Door=The Open Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghosts_That_Haunt_Me=The Ghosts That Haunt Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_Egg=Cosmic Egg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Yourself_a_Hand=Give Yourself a Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puss_'n'_Boots_(album)=Puss 'n' Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Sedated,_So_Secure=So Sedated, So Secure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Phish_Volume_1=Live Phish Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Phish_Volume_3=Live Phish Volume 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Phish_Volume_4=Live Phish Volume 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Phish_Volume_5=Live Phish Volume 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Phish_Volume_6=Live Phish Volume 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Phish_Volume_7=Live Phish Volume 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Phish_Volume_8=Live Phish Volume 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Phish_Volume_10=Live Phish Volume 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Phish_Volume_12=Live Phish Volume 12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Phish_Volume_13=Live Phish Volume 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Phish_Volume_14=Live Phish Volume 14
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Phish_Volume_18=Live Phish Volume 18
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jam_at_the_BBC=The Jam at the BBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(The_Jam_album)=Greatest Hits (The Jam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hits_Unlimited=Hits Unlimited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_The_Jam=The Very Best of The Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snap!_(album)=Snap! (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Does_the_Sun_Shine%3F_(The_Sun_Is_a_Mass_of_Incandescent_Gas)=Why Does the Sun Shine? (The Sun Is a Mass of Incandescent Gas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupe_Fiasco's_Food_&_Liquor=Food & Liquor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Time_in_the_World_(Lazlo_Bane_album)=All the Time in the World (Lazlo Bane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Last_(Anastacia_video)=Live at Last (Anastacia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_Rock=The History of Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazareth_(album)=Nazareth (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exercises_(album)=Exercises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_the_Game=The End of the Game (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravenheart=Ravenheart (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fang_Bang=Fang Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallout_from_the_War=Fallout from the War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Mean_City_(album)=No Mean City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2XS=2XS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_Elixir=Sound Elixir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Catch_(album)=The Catch (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satisfaction_Is_the_Death_of_Desire=Satisfaction Is the Death of Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Flame_Burns_Blue=My Flame Burns Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangin'_Around_the_Observatory=Hangin' Around the Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slug_Line=Slug Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manassas_(album)=Manassas (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Freedom_Ring=Let Freedom Ring (Jackie McLean)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheap_Trick_(1997_album)=Cheap Trick (1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rare_(David_Bowie_album)=Bowie Rare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Cold_Classics=Stone Cold Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Left_of_Me_(album)=What's Left of Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American/English=American/English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Class_Revolt=Middle Class Revolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Grain_(Acoustic_Alchemy_album)=Against the Grain (Acoustic Alchemy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Game_(album)=The Beautiful Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenebrae_(soundtrack)=Tenebre (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AArt=AArt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harsh_Light_of_Day=The Harsh Light of Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Ch!pz=The Adventures of Ch!pz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Jam_(soundtrack)=Space Jam (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jazz_Singer_(soundtrack)=The Jazz Singer (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Charles_(album)=Ray Charles (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Scorsese_Presents_the_Blues:_Jimi_Hendrix=Martin Scorsese Presents the Blues: Jimi Hendrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_the_Remix_(Jessica_Simpson_album)=This Is the Remix (Jessica Simpson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Bit_Monsters=Two Bit Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Biscuit_Flower_Hour_Presents:_Deep_Purple_in_Concert=On the Wings of a Russian Foxbat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junction_Seven=Junction Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeToya_(album)=LeToya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Height_of_Callousness=The Height of Callousness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horrorscope_(Overkill_album)=Horrorscope (Overkill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eighteen_Visions_(album)=Eighteen Visions (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demolition_Man_(album)=Demolition Man (Sting)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/76:14=76:14
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Dazzle_(album)=Slow Dazzle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_Heart_(Shakespears_Sister_album)=Sacred Heart (Shakespears Sister)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_(Shakespears_Sister_album)=3 (Shakespears Sister)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Ray_Charles=The Great Ray Charles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Propeller_(Guided_by_Voices_album)=Propeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riding_with_the_King=Riding with the King (John Hiatt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warming_Up_to_the_Ice_Age=Warming Up to the Ice Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_(Kansas_album)=Carry On (Kansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Lesson_in_Violence=Another Lesson in Violence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Land,_Hard_Rain=High Land, Hard Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_of_Brutality=Legacy of Brutality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_BBC_(Dire_Straits_album)=Live at the BBC (Dire Straits)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Turning=Slow Turning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metanoia_(Porcupine_Tree_album)=Metanoia (Porcupine Tree)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_Bowl_Ballads=Dust Bowl Ballads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_witt_Me=Walk witt Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Taxes=After Taxes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_(Bizzy_Bone_album)=The Gift (Bizzy Bone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Brixton_Academy_(Brian_May_album)=Live at the Brixton Academy (Brian May)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/18_Candles:_The_Early_Years=18 Candles: The Early Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Beat_Service=Special Beat Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Medieval_Times=Dark Medieval Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadowthrone=The Shadowthrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemesis_Divina=Nemesis Divina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebel_Extravaganza=Rebel Extravaganza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcano_(Satyricon_album)=Volcano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now,_Diabolical=Now, Diabolical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie's_Archive=Eddie's Archive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_Over_(Overkill_album)=Taking Over (Overkill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hear_Black=I Hear Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.F.O._(album)=W.F.O.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuck_You_and_Then_Some=!!!Fuck You!!! and Then Some
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Underground_and_Below=From the Underground and Below
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necroshine=Necroshine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solid_Air=Solid Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bless_the_Weather=Bless the Weather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Writing_in_My_Diary:_2nd_Entry=Still Writing in My Diary: 2nd Entry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_with_War=Living with War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_Made_to_Love_Her_(album)=I Was Made to Love Her (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infamy_(album)=Infamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_(Blues_Traveler_album)=Bridge (Blues Traveler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReliXIV=ReliXIV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felona_e_Sorona=Felona e Sorona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Time:_The_Bedlam_Sessions=Chasing Time: The Bedlam Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_of_My_Flesh,_Blood_of_My_Blood=Flesh of My Flesh, Blood of My Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boingo_(album)=Boingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_on_the_Sun=Night on the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeeeah_Baby=Yeeeah Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Charming_(album)=Prince Charming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Single_Video_Theory=Single Video Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_(Lenny_Kravitz_album)=5 (Lenny Kravitz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Never_Been_Like_That=It's Never Been Like That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Together_Again_(Tony_Bennett_and_Bill_Evans_album)=Together Again (Tony Bennett e Bill Evans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_It_Is_(Bruce_Hornsby_album)=The Way It Is (album Bruce Hornsby and the Range)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trees_They_Grow_So_High_(album)=The Trees They Grow So High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychic..._Powerless..._Another_Man's_Sac=Psychic... Powerless... Another Man's Sac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Way_(soundtrack)=The Family Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patchanka=Patchanka (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_with_a_Smile=Killing with a Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_at_Budokan=One Night at Budokan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Seventy_Nine=Live Seventy Nine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Skins_and_Heart=Of Skins and Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blurred_Crusade=The Blurred Crusade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dusk_and_Summer=Dusk and Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_User_Syndrome=The Light User Syndrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_Chasm,_Caves_and_Titan_Woods=Through Chasm, Caves and Titan Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Shining_Leather=Black Shining Leather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Old_Brew=Strange Old Brew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defending_the_Throne_of_Evil=Defending the Throne of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuck_You_All!!!!_Caput_tuum_in_ano_est=Fuck You All!!!! Caput tuum in ano est
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel_Smile=Cruel Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Elvis_Costello=The Very Best of Elvis Costello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_This_Useless_Beauty=All This Useless Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kojak_Variety=Kojak Variety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brutal_Youth=Brutal Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Juliet_Letters=The Juliet Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornography=Thornography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_Empire_or_Dark_Faerytales_in_Phallustein=V Empire or Dark Faerytales in Phallustein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mythodea=Mythodea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Their_Greatest_Hits:_The_Record=Their Greatest Hits: The Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_We_Rock,_We_Rock,_and_When_We_Roll,_We_Roll=When We Rock, We Rock, and When We Roll, We Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrasando=Arrasando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_a_la_Mexicana=Amor a la mexicana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Symphony:_Alive_IV=KISS Symphony: Alive IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Metal=Battle Metal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Honey=Extreme Honey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_His_Soul=Save His Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_2_B_Blue=Born 2 B Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amon:_Feasting_the_Beast=Amon: Feasting the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Satan_Lives=When Satan Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insineratehymn=Insineratehymn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Torment_in_Hell=In Torment in Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Blue_(album)=Electric Blue (Andy Bell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystic_Stylez=Mystic Stylez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starfish_(album)=Starfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Afternoon_Fix=Gold Afternoon Fix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Illmatic_to_Stillmatic:_The_Remixes=From Illmatic to Stillmatic: The Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dile_al_sol=Dile al sol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begin_to_Hope=Begin to Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remix_(TV_series)=Remix (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fate_of_a_Dreamer=Fate of a Dreamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_St._James_(album)=Rebecca St. James (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rockets_(album)=The Rockets (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipwrecked_in_Oslo=Shipwrecked in Oslo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Long_March:_The_First_Recordings=A Long March: The First Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinkaos=Reinkaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Roadrunning=All the Roadrunning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Monsters=Good Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_(Rebecca_St._James_album)=Christmas (Rebecca St. James)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_(Rebecca_St._James_album)=God (Rebecca St. James)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_IRS_Tapes:_Who'll_Buy_My_Memories%3F=The IRS Tapes: Who'll Buy My Memories?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Simply_Red_album)=Greatest Hits (Simply Red)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fright_Night_(album)=Fright Night (Stratovarius)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamspace=Dreamspace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Episode_(Stratovarius_album)=Episode (Stratovarius)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny_(Stratovarius_album)=Destiny (Stratovarius)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visions_(Stratovarius_album)=Visions (Stratovarius)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinite_(Stratovarius_album)=Infinite (Stratovarius)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intermission_(Stratovarius_album)=Intermission (Stratovarius)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/14_Diamonds=14 Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratovarius_(album)=Stratovarius (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Offense=First Offense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stiletto_(album)=Stiletto (Lita Ford)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_(Lita_Ford_album)=Black (Lita Ford)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unreleased_and_Revamped=Unreleased and Revamped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Bemba_Sound_System=Radio Bemba Sound System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_a_Little=Rock a Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Music=Party Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Journey_into_Space=A Journey into Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_programmino_di_Gigi_D'agostino=Il programmino di Gigi D'Agostino (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Means_to_an_End=Means to an End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_or_Be_Killed_(Biohazard_album)=Kill or Be Killed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_B-Side=Tales from the B-Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Holds_Barred_(Biohazard_album)=No Holds Barred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_World_Disorder_(album)=New World Disorder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_the_World_Address=State of the World Address
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biohazard_(album)=Biohazard (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DevilDriver_(album)=DevilDriver (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fury_of_Our_Maker's_Hand=The Fury of Our Maker's Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_and_Women_(album)=Men and Women (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towards_the_Sinister=Towards the Sinister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silencio=Muerte:_Red_Hot_+_Latin=Silencio=Muerte: Red Hot + Latin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(The_Gathering_album)=Home (The Gathering)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.O.S.A._(Save_Our_Streets_AZ)=S.O.S.A. (Save Our Streets AZ)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_Lives_(AZ_album)=9 Lives (AZ)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aziatic=Aziatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allroy_Sez=Allroy Sez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allroy's_Revenge=Allroy's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pummel_(album)=Pummel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Ways_to_Scream_Your_Name=Four Ways to Scream Your Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashes_Against_the_Grain=Ashes Against the Grain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quickness=Quickness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_(Bad_Brains_album)=Rise (Bad Brains)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_of_Love_(album)=God of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_&_I_Survived=I & I Survived
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allroy_Saves=Allroy Saves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dozin'_at_the_Knick=Dozin' at the Knick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absent_Friends_(album)=Absent Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Mama=Tell Mama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_Along_the_Highway=Somewhere Along the Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megadef=Megadef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_King_Diamond=The Best of King Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_in_the_Nineties=Nightmare in the Nineties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_So_Gangsta=So So Gangsta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_&_Rare_(Korn_album)=Live & Rare (Korn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanted:_Dead_or_Alive_(Kool_G_Rap_&_DJ_Polo_album)=Wanted: Dead or Alive (Kool G Rap & DJ Polo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bargain_Store=The Bargain Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_to_Earn=Hard to Earn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violent_by_Design=Violent by Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visions_of_Gandhi=Vision of Gandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsenal_of_Megadeth=Arsenal of Megadeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_to_Strike=Ready to Strike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrill_of_a_Lifetime_(album)=Thrill of a Lifetime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Psycho-Social,_Chemical,_Biological_&_Electro-Magnetic_Manipulation_of_Human_Consciousness=The Psycho-Social, Chemical, Biological & Electro-Magnetic Manipulation of Human Consciousness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Fail_Me=You Fail Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Servant_(album)=The Servant (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petitioning_the_Empty_Sky=Petitioning the Empty Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Forever_Comes_Crashing=When Forever Comes Crashing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Doe_(album)=Jane Doe (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberation_Transmission=Liberation Transmission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priest=Aura=Priest=Aura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paid_Vacation_(album)=Paid Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raspberries_(album)=Raspberries (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guapa=Guapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prophets,_Seers_&_Sages:_The_Angels_of_the_Ages=Prophets, Seers & Sages: The Angels of the Ages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Rex_(album)=T. Rex (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeycomb_(album)=Honeycomb (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shades_of_Blue_(Madlib_album)=Shades of Blue (Madlib)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_East,_Blackwards=To the East, Blackwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_All_Means_Necessary=By All Means Necessary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blowback_(album)=Blowback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livin'_Proof=Livin' Proof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiritual_Minded=Spiritual Minded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organized_Konfusion_(album)=Organized Konfusion (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentastar:_In_the_Style_of_Demons=Pentastar: In the Style of Demons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Equinox_(album)=The Equinox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_Deep=Play Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Bit_of_Mambo=A Little Bit of Mambo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H2O_(H2O_album)=H2O (H2O)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thicker_than_Water_(album)=Thicker Than Water (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_(H2O_album)=Go (H2O)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voices_(Matchbook_Romance_album)=Voices (Matchbook Romance)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hex;_Or_Printing_in_the_Infernal_Method=Hex (Or Printing in the Infernal Method)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_(1956_album)=Elvis (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_for_Everybody=Something for Everybody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distortion_(Forbidden_album)=Distortion (Forbidden)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Letter:_Live_in_London_1968=Dream Letter - Live in London 1968
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_III=Alive III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Is_Stranger_Than_Richard=Ruth Is Stranger Than Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rock:_Stone_Cold_Country_2001=The Rock: Stone Cold Country 2001
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(Junkie_XL_album)=Today (Junkie XL)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refresh_My_Heart=Refresh My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Girl_(La_Toya_Jackson_album)=Bad Girl (La Toya Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Future_Without_a_Past...=A Future Without a Past...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Machine:_Biomech=Ocean Machine: Biomech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_the_Riches=Road to the Riches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_and_Let_Die_(album)=Live and Let Die (Kool G Rap e DJ Polo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Tennessee_Mountain_Home=My Tennessee Mountain Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewelz=Jewelz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_(Raspberries_album)=Fresh (Raspberries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Side_3_(Raspberries_album)=Side 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starting_Over_(Raspberries_album)=Starting Over (Raspberries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surprise_(Paul_Simon_album)=Surprise (Paul Simon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_She_Sweet_(album)=Ain't She Sweet (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antony_and_the_Johnsons_(album)=Antony and the Johnsons (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_Horror_(soundtrack)=Masters of Horror (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_on_Parade=Hearts on Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compliments_(album)=Compliments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octane_(album)=Octane (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.N.I.C._(Prodigy_album)=H.N.I.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Realness=The Realness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Testament_(album)=The Testament (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_for_All_(Brand_Nubian_album)=One for All (Brand Nubian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Beautifullest_Thing_in_This_World=The Most Beautifullest Thing in This World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muddy_Waters_(album)=Muddy Waters (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whut%3F_Thee_Album=Whut? Thee Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(Angela_Aki_album)=Home (Angela Aki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosferatu_(Helstar_album)=Nosferatu (Helstar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Without_Consequence=Time Without Consequence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VH1_Storytellers:_Johnny_Cash_&_Willie_Nelson=VH1 Storytellers: Johnny Cash & Willie Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatherfucker=Fatherfucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comin'_from_Where_I'm_From=Comin' from Where I'm From
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_to_5_and_Odd_Jobs=9 to 5 and Odd Jobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacrament_(album)=Sacrament (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreak_Express=Heartbreak Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Balls_of_Fire_(Dolly_Parton_album)=Great Balls of Fire (Dolly Parton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smile,_It's_the_End_of_the_World=Smile, It's the End of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tha_Carter_III=Tha Carter III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burned_Alive_by_Time=Burned Alive by Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Losing_All_Hope_Is_Freedom=Losing All Hope Is Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Souled_Out=All Souled Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Writer's_Block_(Evergreen_Terrace_album)=Writer's Block (Evergreen Terrace)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_Instant_Star=Songs from Instant Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afternoons_in_Utopia=Afternoons in Utopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porter_&_Dolly=Porter & Dolly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legal_Drug_Money=Legal Drug Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_Peace_&_Nappiness=Love, Peace & Nappiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_Like_a_Butterfly=Love Is Like a Butterfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LB_IV_Life=LB IV Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyki_Tantsi=Diky Tanci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_Isle=Venus Isle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Garden=Live at the Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hard_Day's_Night_(EP)=A Hard Day's Night (Sugarcult)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woofer_in_Tweeter's_Clothing=A Woofer in Tweeter's Clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Holes_and_Revelations=Black Holes and Revelations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_Like_a_Rainstorm,_Howl_Like_the_Wind=Cry Like a Rainstorm, Howl Like the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlap_&_Satin=Burlap & Satin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Propaganda_(Sparks_album)=Propaganda (Sparks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Beat_(album)=Big Beat (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_(Lenny_Kravitz_album)=Circus (album Lenny Kravitz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubbling_Over_(album)=Bubbling Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Level=On the Level (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introducing_Sparks=Introducing Sparks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No._1_in_Heaven=Nº 1 in Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_Your_Woman=Touch Your Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versus_(Kings_of_Convenience_album)=Versus (Kings of Convenience)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_People_Were_Fair_and_Had_Sky_in_Their_Hair..._But_Now_They're_Content_to_Wear_Stars_on_Their_Brows=My People Were Fair and Had Sky in Their Hair... But Now They're Content to Wear Stars on Their Brows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_the_P=Sons of the P
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body-Hat_Syndrome=The Body-Hat Syndrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Rhythm=Future Rhythm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_of_Miami_(album)=Port of Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_(Dolly_Parton_album)=Rainbow (Dolly Parton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blood-Splat_Rating_System=Mega!! Kung Fu Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Id_(album)=The Id
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_(album)=Big (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bette_Midler_(album)=Bette Midler (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divine_Miss_M=The Divine Miss M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thighs_and_Whispers=Thighs and Whispers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Madness_(Bette_Midler_album)=Divine Madness (Bette Midler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Last_(Bette_Midler_album)=Live at Last (Bette Midler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_People's_Lives=Some People's Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experience_the_Divine:_Greatest_Hits=Experience the Divine: Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bette_(album)=Bette (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_disque_d'or_de_Dalida=Le Disque d'or de Dalida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_There_Be_Eve...Ruff_Ryders'_First_Lady=Let There Be Eve...Ruff Ryders' First Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve-Olution=Eve-Olution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_Packets=Sex Packets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whomp_That_Sucker=Whomp That Sucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angst_in_My_Pants=Angst in My Pants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia_71=Olympia 71
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Outer_Space=In Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Limozeen=White Limozeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Dolly_Parton=The Best of Dolly Parton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia_74=Olympia 74
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulling_Rabbits_Out_of_a_Hat=Pulling Rabbits Out of a Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J'attendrai_(album)=J'attendrai (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigi_in_Paradisco=Gigi in Paradisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia_81=Olympia 81 (Dalida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_p'tits_mots=Les P'tits Mots (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dali_(Dalida_album)=Dali (Dalida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_visage_de_l'amour=Le Visage de l'amour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motel_California=Motel California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gratuitous_Sax_&_Senseless_Violins=Gratuitous Sax & Senseless Violins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plagiarism_(album)=Plagiarism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balls_(Sparks_album)=Balls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lil'_Beethoven=Lil' Beethoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Young_Lovers_(Sparks_album)=Hello Young Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sad_Songs_for_Dirty_Lovers=Sad Songs for Dirty Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promise_(Sade_album)=Promise (Sade)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_disque_d'or_du_Mundial_'82=La chanson du Mundial (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Serious=I'm Serious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_When_She_Flies=Eagle When She Flies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_%22Chirping%22_Crickets=The "Chirping" Crickets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilgrimage_(Wishbone_Ash_album)=Pilgrimage (Wishbone Ash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argus_(album)=Argus (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_(Wishbone_Ash_album)=New England (Wishbone Ash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Smoke_Without_Fire=No Smoke Without Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Testing=Just Testing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_the_Brave=Number the Brave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Barrels_Burning=Twin Barrels Burning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raw_to_the_Bone=Raw to the Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Scarface_Is_Back=Mr. Scarface Is Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoire_(album)=Memoire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Is_Yours_(Scarface_album)=The World Is Yours (Scarface)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diary_(Scarface_album)=The Diary (Scarface)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Untouchable=The Untouchable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Represent_(Fat_Joe_album)=Represent (Fat Joe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Homies=My Homies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Cartagena=Don Cartagena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jealous_Ones_Still_Envy_(J.O.S.E.)=Jealous Ones Still Envy (J.O.S.E.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_a_Dying_Breed=The Last of a Dying Breed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fix_(album)=The Fix (Scarface)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balls_and_My_Word=Balls and My Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrix_in_the_West=Hendrix in the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Homies_Part_2=My Homies Part 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_English_(album)=Bad English (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backlash_(Bad_English_album)=Backlash (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ruler's_Back=The Ruler's Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_Bars_(Slick_Rick_album)=Behind Bars (Slick Rick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Storytelling=The Art of Storytelling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_(album)=The Final
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starting_Over_(La_Toya_Jackson_EP)=Starting Over (La Toya Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Ya_Mind_Correct=Get Ya Mind Correct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killadelphia_(album)=Killadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_(Oingo_Boingo_album)=Farewell (Oingo Boingo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impeach_My_Bush=Impeach My Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello,_I'm_Dolly=Hello, I'm Dolly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Amsterdam_(Toto_album)=Live in Amsterdam (Toto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_I=Time I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Because_I'm_a_Woman_(1968_album)=Just Because I'm a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Bridges=Five Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friend_or_Foe_(album)=Friend or Foe (Adam Ant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Blue_Ridge_Mountain_Boy=My Blue Ridge Mountain Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wolf_in_Sheep's_Clothing_(Black_Sheep_album)=A Wolf in Sheep's Clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Good_Old_Days_(When_Times_Were_Bad)=In the Good Old Days (When Times Were Bad)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always,_Always=Always, Always
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reachin'_(A_New_Refutation_of_Time_and_Space)=Reachin' (A New Refutation of Time and Space)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fairest_of_Them_All_(album)=The Fairest of Them All (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amok_(Sentenced_album)=Amok (Sentenced)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Beautiful_World=A Beautiful World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evolution_of_Robin_Thicke=The Evolution of Robin Thicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learning_from_Falling=Learning from Falling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_in_the_Wind=Girl in the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Man_Acoustical_Jam=Five Man Acoustical Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Real_Live_Dolly=A Real Live Dolly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Fire_(Stetsasonic_album)=On Fire (Stetsasonic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Forever=Finding Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Full_Gear=In Full Gear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood,_Sweat_&_No_Tears=Blood, Sweat & No Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hits_&_Beyond=The Hits & Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porter_Wayne_and_Dolly_Rebecca=Porter Wayne and Dolly Rebecca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Randy_Rhoads_Years=The Randy Rhoads Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_of_a_Kind_(Porter_Wagoner_and_Dolly_Parton_album)=Two of a Kind (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Fil=Le Fil (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Poison:_20_Years_of_Rock=The Best of Poison: 20 Years of Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Dog..._Again=Year of the Dog... Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Controversy_Sells=Controversy Sells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Tolerance_(album)=Zero Tolerance (Chuck Schuldiner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oncoming_Storm=The Oncoming Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Joc_City=New Joc City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punk_Goes_Acoustic=Punk Goes Acoustic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Start_Breaking_My_Heart=Start Breaking My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Want_More%3F!!!%3F%3F!=Do You Want More?!!!??!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domino_Theory_(album)=Domino Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_Sunrise_(series)=ISOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kreshchenie_ognyom=Kreshenie Ogneom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peeping_Tom_(Peeping_Tom_album)=Peeping Tom (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Points_on_the_Curve=Points on the Curve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Live_in_Europe=Tina Live in Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspera_Hiems_Symfonia=Aspera Hiems Symfonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/@_!*=Pulley (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Together_Again_for_the_First_Time=Together Again for the First Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_the_Red_(album)=Eric the Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Far_to_Asgaard=How Far to Asgaard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfinished_Business_(EPMD_album)=Unfinished Business (EPMD)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killa_Season=Killa Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_as_Usual_(EPMD_album)=Business as Usual (EPMD)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Never_Personal=Business Never Personal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Business=Out of Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Found_It=We Found It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Music=Love and Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porter_'n'_Dolly=Porter 'n' Dolly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_Ruin=Garden Ruin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Cruel_as_School_Children=As Cruel as School Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Leipzig=Live in Leipzig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediolanum_Capta_Est=Mediolanum Capta Est
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Legions=U.S. Legions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Accepted_Anywhere=Not Accepted Anywhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dronevil=Dronevil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highwayman_2=Highwayman 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_Goes_On_Forever_(The_Highwaymen_album)=The Road Goes on Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flex_Your_Head=Flex Your Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_the_Musicians=Kill the Musicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Only_Come_Out_at_Night=They Only Come Out at Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Mind=Another Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_on_Strong_(album)=Coming on Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_the_Grateful_Dead,_Volume_One_(Bear's_Choice)=History of the Grateful Dead, Volume One (Bear's Choice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singles_Collection,_Volume_1=The Singles Collection, Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Operation=In Operation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thugs_Revenge=Thugs Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awaking_the_Centuries=Awaking the Centuries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everready_(The_Religion)=Everready (The Religion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sportin'_Life_(Weather_Report_album)=Sportin' Life (Weather Report)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifestyles_of_the_Ramones=Lifestyles of the Ramones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghetto_Music:_The_Blueprint_of_Hip_Hop=Ghetto Music: The Blueprint of Hip Hop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edutainment_(album)=Edutainment (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Wheels_of_Confusion_(album)=Under Wheels of Confusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Hardcore_Worldwide=Live Hardcore Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_Violence_(album)=Sex and Violence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eraser=The Eraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowledge_Is_King=Knowledge Is King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Release_Therapy=Release Therapy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deeper_Life=Deeper Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funke,_Funke_Wisdom=Funke, Funke Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_Final_Fantasy_I_and_II=Musica di Final Fantasy I e II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B*Witched_(album)=B*Witched (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awake_and_Breathe=Awake and Breathe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zvezda_po_imeni_Solntse=Zvezda po imeni Solnce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_the_Music_(New_Kids_on_the_Block_album)=Face the Music (New Kids on the Block)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Don't_Get_Any_Better_Than_This=It Don't Get Any Better Than This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Systems_of_Romance=Systems of Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_Love_and_Hate_(Godflesh_album)=Songs of Love and Hate (Godflesh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Us_and_Them_(Godflesh_album)=Us and Them (album Godflesh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_(Skindred_album)=Babylon (Skindred)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_Nowhere=Far from Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_and_the_Best=The Biggest and the Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slick_Shoes_(album)=Slick Shoes (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slick_Shoes_/_Cooter=Slick Shoes/Cooter Split
http://dbpedia.org/resource/666667_Club=666.667 Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Force_Galesburg=Full Force Galesburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misery_Is_a_Butterfly=Misery Is a Butterfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotten_Apple_(album)=Rotten Apple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychedelicatessen_(Threshold_album)=Psychedelicatessen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cansei_de_Ser_Sexy=Cansei de Ser Sexy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romances_(Kaada/Patton_album)=Romances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Race_of_a_Thousand_Camels=The Race of a Thousand Camels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_Is_Possible_(Debbie_Gibson_album)=Anything Is Possible (album Debbie Gibson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pick_a_Bigger_Weapon=Pick a Bigger Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encore_(Tangerine_Dream_album)=Encore (Tangerine Dream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanity_(album)=Vanity (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Eighteen_Visions=The Best of Eighteen Visions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_the_Ink_Runs_Out=Until the Ink Runs Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Mercyful_Fate=The Best of Mercyful Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Garland_for_Linda=A Garland for Linda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cry_of_Love=The Cry of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_the_Sky_(Jimi_Hendrix_album)=Kiss the Sky (Jimi Hendrix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifeforms_(album)=Lifeforms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flat-Pack_Philosophy=Flat-Pack Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Twist_in_the_Myth=A Twist in the Myth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Biscuit_Flower_Hour:_Greatest_Hits_Live=King Biscuit Flower Hour: Greatest Hits Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elf_(album)=Elf (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Binary_Universe=This Binary Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calle_13_(album)=Calle 13 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feedback_(Jurassic_5_album)=Feedback (Jurassic 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_&_Queen=King & Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakin'_News=Breakin' News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrill_Seeker=Thrill Seeker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silk_&_Steel_(Five_Star_album)=Silk & Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_(soundtrack)=Guerre stellari (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Empire_Strikes_Back_(soundtrack)=L'Impero colpisce ancora (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Jedi_(soundtrack)=Il ritorno dello Jedi (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_Society=The Dream Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good,_the_Bad_&_the_Queen=The Good, the Bad & the Queen (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hate_Made_Me=Hate Made Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Walk_Home:_Music_from_the_Rabbit-Proof_Fence=Long Walk Home: Music from the Rabbit-Proof Fence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Joe_Death=Blind Joe Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pain_of_Mind=Pain of Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Eye_of_the_Storm_(Roger_Hodgson_album)=In the Eye of the Storm (Roger Hodgson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_the_Door_(Roger_Hodgson_album)=Open the Door (Roger Hodgson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood,_Sweat_&_Tears_3=Blood, Sweat & Tears 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_You_See_Inside=Now You See Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_(SR-71_album)=Tomorrow (album SR-71)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_We_Go_Again_(SR-71_album)=Here We Go Again (SR-71)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_over_Heels_(Paula_Abdul_album)=Head over Heels (Paula Abdul)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phobia_(Breaking_Benjamin_album)=Phobia (Breaking Benjamin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood,_Sweat_&_Tears_4=Blood, Sweat & Tears 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Newman_Live=Randy Newman/Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_in_the_Box_(album)=Boy in the Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Trend_Suicide=Kill Trend Suicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Highway_(soundtrack)=Lost Highway (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1000_Fires=1000 Fires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moby_(album)=Moby (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undaground_Legend=Undaground Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One-X=One-X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Active_Duty_(album)=Active Duty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Hammersmith_'79=Live at Hammersmith '79
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_Warriors_(album)=Weekend Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Miss_Dangerous=Little Miss Dangerous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_Dream=Scream Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Shock_(Ted_Nugent_album)=State of Shock (Ted Nugent)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_Gotta_Feel_Me=U Gotta Feel Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(Collective_Soul_album)=Home (Collective Soul)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bon_Appetit_(album)=Bon Appetit (O.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_and_Mirrors_(O.C._album)=Smoke and Mirrors (O.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NakedSelf=Nakedself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahlia_(album)=Dahlia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_(The_Doors_album)=13 (The Doors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeoland=Romeoland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arockalypse=The Arockalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monsterican_Dream=The Monsterican Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Polaroid=Project Polaroid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crucible_(album)=Crucible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison_of_Ages=Poison of Ages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bee_Gees_Sing_and_Play_14_Barry_Gibb_Songs=The Bee Gees Sing and Play 14 Barry Gibb Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Years_On=2 Years On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idea_(album)=Idea (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Whom_It_May_Concern_(Bee_Gees_album)=To Whom It May Concern (Bee Gees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_in_a_Tin_Can=Life in a Tin Can
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sgt._Pepper's_Lonely_Hearts_Club_Band_(soundtrack)=Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Eyes_(Bee_Gees_album)=Living Eyes (album Bee Gees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.S.P._(Bee_Gees_album)=E.S.P. (album Bee Gees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_(Bee_Gees_album)=One (album Bee Gees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Civilization=High Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Had_to_Be_You:_The_Great_American_Songbook=It Had to Be You: The Great American Songbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Time_Goes_By:_The_Great_American_Songbook,_Volume_II=As Time Goes By: The Great American Songbook 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardust:_The_Great_American_Songbook,_Volume_III=Stardust: The Great American Songbook 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanks_for_the_Memory:_The_Great_American_Songbook,_Volume_IV=Thanks for the Memory: The Great American Songbook 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_2_da_Basics=Back 2 da Basics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamma_2=Gamma 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamma_3=Gamma 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boom_Chicka_Boom=Boom Chicka Boom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eardrum_(album)=Eardrum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hop_Around=Hop Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_&_Latest_(Dee_Dee_Ramone_album)=Greatest & Latest (Dee Dee Ramone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nachalnik_Kamchatki=Načal'nik Kamčatki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_the_People_(Flipsyde_album)=We the People (Flipsyde)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_Ones_(Bee_Gees_album)=Number Ones (Bee Gees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_the_Mirror_(album)=The Other Side of the Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_The_Capeman=Songs from The Capeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_with_the_X-Ray_Eyes=The Boy with the X-Ray Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Western=The Great Western
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Man_(album)=The Green Man (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live+1=Live+1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cichlisuite=Cichlisuite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bat_Out_of_Hell_III:_The_Monster_Is_Loose=Bat Out of Hell III: The Monster Is Loose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visions_of_the_Emerald_Beyond=Visions of the Emerald Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supper_(album)=Supper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season_for_Assault=Season for Assault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_National_(album)=The National (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Message_from_the_Country=Message from the Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_It_Loud=Play It Loud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slade_Alive!=Slade Alive!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_Me_(Samantha_Fox_album)=Touch Me (album Samantha Fox)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slayed%3F=Slayed?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sladest=Sladest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_New_Borrowed_and_Blue=Old, New, Borrowed and Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Your_Own_Pet_(album)=Be Your Own Pet (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolen_Moments_(John_Hiatt_album)=Stolen Moments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfectly_Good_Guitar=Perfectly Good Guitar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_of_Way_(album)=Right of Way (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisherman's_Woman=Fisherman's Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promised_Land_(Elvis_Presley_album)=Promised Land (album Elvis Presley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Times_(Elvis_Presley_album)=Good Times (Elvis Presley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_sings_The_Wonderful_World_of_Christmas=Elvis Sings the Wonderful World of Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codename:_Dustsucker=Codename: Dustsucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_On=Looking On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meditations_(John_Coltrane_album)=Meditations (John Coltrane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitey_Ford_Sings_the_Blues=Whitey Ford Sings the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Sudden=So Sudden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Vines=Like Vines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changesbowie=Changesbowie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Revolver=Space Revolver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_in_the_Attic=Up in the Attic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_Voted_Most_Likely_to_Succeed=The One Voted Most Likely to Succeed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand_New_Day_(Sting_album)=Brand New Day (album Sting)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Green_and_Leafy_This_Way_Comes=Something Green and Leafy This Way Comes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Big_Time_Suspenders=The Last of the Big Time Suspenders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Than_a_Stick_in_the_Eye=Better Than a Stick in the Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rose_Has_Teeth_in_the_Mouth_of_a_Beast=The Rose Has Teeth in the Mouth of a Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ping_Pong_EP=The Ping Pong EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Get_It_Right_the_First_Time=Let's Get It Right the First Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1234_(Propaganda_album)=1234 (Propaganda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_on_Adrenaline=Killing on Adrenaline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Stills_(album)=Stephen Stills (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominate_(album)=Dominate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Album_(The_Firm_album)=The Album (The Firm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gridlock'd_(soundtrack)=Gridlock'd - Istinti criminali (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QR_(album)=Quiet Riot (1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delete_Yourself!=Delete Yourself!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Words_&_Music:_John_Mellencamp's_Greatest_Hits=Words & Music: John Mellencamp's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Home_(New_Found_Glory_album)=Coming Home (New Found Glory)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulce_Beat=Dulce beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Pryor:_Live_on_the_Sunset_Strip=Richard Pryor: Live on the Sunset Strip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Late,_Late,_Late_Show=The Late, Late, Late Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypnotica=Hypnotica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Horse_(album)=Crazy Horse (Crazy Horse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowlife=Shadowlife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_(Amorphis_album)=Eclipse (Amorphis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_the_Sun=Live from the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_from_the_Ashes_(Don_Dokken_album)=Up from the Ashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dysfunctional_(Dokken_album)=Dysfunctional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unknown_Soldier_(album)=The Unknown Soldier (Roy Harper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_the_Chains_(album)=Breaking the Chains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoodstar=Hoodstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starchild_(O.C._album)=Starchild (O.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Father,_Like_Son_(Birdman_and_Lil_Wayne_album)=Like Father, Like Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Sings_Monk=Carmen Sings Monk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_About_Time_(SWV_album)=It's About Time (SWV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monochrome_(Helmet_album)=Monochrome (Helmet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brett_Anderson_(album)=Brett Anderson (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Lines_(Janis_Ian_album)=Between the Lines (Janis Ian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuts_Both_Ways=Cuts Both Ways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumerian_Cry=Sumerian Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Astral_Sleep=The Astral Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Dog's_in_the_House=Short Dog's in the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Sucker=The Last Sucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Kim_Wilde_(2001_album)=The Very Best of Kim Wilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeping_Beauty_(Live_in_Israel)=The Sleeping Beauty (Live in Israel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3LW_(album)=3LW (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl_Can_Mack=A Girl Can Mack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_(Earth,_Wind_&_Fire_album)=Spirit (Earth, Wind & Fire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_Scars=Leave Scars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Def_Leppard=Best of Def Leppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/25_Years_On=25 Years On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Kiss,_Volume_2:_The_Millennium_Collection=The Best of Kiss, Volume 2: The Millennium Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Does_Not_Heal=Time Does Not Heal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_About_Time_(John_Denver_album)=It's About Time (John Denver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_(Barbra_Streisand_album)=Guilty (album Barbra Streisand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B'Day=B'Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taming_the_Tiger=Taming the Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowie_at_the_Beeb=Bowie at the Beeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Simon_in_Concert:_Live_Rhymin'=Paul Simon in Concert: Live Rhymin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artist_Collection_(Kylie_Minogue_album)=Kylie Minogue: Artist Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Tracks_of_Danzig=The Lost Tracks of Danzig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apparently_Unaffected=Apparently Unaffected
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_NYC_12/31/92=Live in NYC 12/31/92
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Dare_You!_(album)=How Dare You!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocktail_(album)=Cocktail (Belanova)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Blood,_Sweat_&_Tears_album)=Greatest Hits (Blood, Sweat & Tears)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Ever_So_Clean=We Are Ever So Clean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_On_(John_Hiatt_album)=Walk On (John Hiatt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Head=Little Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_Muddy_Waters=Crossing Muddy Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Together_(Lollipop_album)=Together (Lollipop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tiki_Bar_Is_Open=The Tiki Bar Is Open
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath_This_Gruff_Exterior=Beneath This Gruff Exterior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_Disaster=Master of Disaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_112=Room 112
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Por_Siempre_Beatles=Por Siempre Beatles (Beatles Forever)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyday_of_My_Life=Everyday of My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Is_Everything_(Brand_Nubian_album)=Everything Is Everything (Brand Nubian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles_in_Italy=The Beatles in Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Life_(George_Martin_album)=In My Life (George Martin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorriso_nucleare=Sorriso nucleare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_mondo_perfetto=Un mondo perfetto (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_popolo_dei_sogni=Il popolo dei sogni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Bar,_Under_the_Sea=In a Bar, Under the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringo_Starr_and_His_Third_All-Starr_Band-Volume_1=Ringo Starr and His Third All-Starr Band-Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extended_Versions_(Ringo_Starr_album)=Extended Versions (Ringo Starr)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Awakening=Beautiful Awakening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesmerized_by_the_Sirens=Mesmerized by the Sirens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_One_Aflame_Laid_Bare_by_Desire=As One Aflame Laid Bare by Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nifelheim_(album)=Nifelheim (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_for_Nothing_(album)=Money for Nothing (album Dire Straits)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servants_of_Darkness=Servants of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_(Brand_Nubian_album)=Foundation (Brand Nubian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citrus_(album)=Citrus (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_in_the_Hole_(album)=Fire in the Hole (Brand Nubian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_West_(album)=Into the West (Yulia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullinamingvase=Bullinamingvase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_for_Beginners=Songs for Beginners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Inches_of_Snow=12 Inches of Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Could_Be...=If I Could Be...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signs_of_Life_(Poets_of_the_Fall_album)=Signs of Life (Poets of the Fall)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Chris_Isaak=Best of Chris Isaak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Then_Now%3F=Who Then Now?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.E.F.=L.E.F.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormcock_(album)=Stormcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzerland_(album)=Switzerland (Electric Six)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_Soldier=Sound Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hot_Skate_Rock=Red Hot Skate Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Positive_Mental_Octopus=Positive Mental Octopus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Built_4_Cuban_Linx..._Pt._II=Only Built 4 Cuban Linx... Pt. II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Penalty_(album)=Death Penalty (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free-for-All_(Ted_Nugent_album)=Free-for-All (Ted Nugent)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Live_Gonzo!=Double Live Gonzo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ownerz=The Ownerz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phenomenon_(Thousand_Foot_Krutch_album)=Phenomenon (album Thousand Foot Krutch)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_V=Room V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Boom_Bap=Return of the Boom Bap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carved_in_Stone_(Shadow_Gallery_album)=Carved in Stone (Shadow Gallery)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FWX=FWX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_Two_Then_Left=Down Two Then Left
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barbra_Streisand_Album=The Barbra Streisand Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LiveAndWell.com=LiveAndWell.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Nash_David_Crosby=Graham Nash/David Crosby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Fishtank_10=In the Fishtank 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slade_in_Flame_(album)=Slade in Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crane_Wife=The Crane Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beginnings_(Ambrose_Slade_album)=Beginnings (Slade)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody's_Fools=Nobody's Fools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_Happened_to_Slade=Whatever Happened to Slade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slade_Alive,_Vol._2=Slade Alive, Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Base=Return to Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Judas_Priest=The Essential Judas Priest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We'll_Bring_the_House_Down=We'll Bring the House Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takatalvi=Takatalvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metamorphosis_(Iron_Butterfly_album)=Metamorphosis (Iron Butterfly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Step_More_and_You_Die=One Step More and You Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Cloud_and_Deep_Red_Sky,_Flag_Fluttered_and_the_Sun_Shined=Walking Cloud and Deep Red Sky, Flag Fluttered and the Sun Shined
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrenaline_Rush_(album)=Adrenaline Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Cookie_Mountain=Return to Cookie Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macho_Man_(album)=Macho Man (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_People_(album)=Village People (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Inside=Blood Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Letter=The First Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_and_Well_(Quiet_Riot_album)=Alive and Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Quiet_Riot_album)=Greatest Hits (Quiet Riot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collection_(Quiet_Riot_album)=The Collection (Quiet Riot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discordia_(album)=Discordia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_&_Rare_Volume_1=Live & Rare Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retaliate_(Misery_Index_album)=Retaliate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Hath_No_Fury_(Clipse_album)=Hell Hath No Fury (Clipse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trance-Fusion=Trance-Fusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Barbra_Streisand_Album=The Second Barbra Streisand Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1916_Live...Everything_Louder_than_Everything_Else=Everything Louder Than Everything Else
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_Soft_Core=Quality Soft Core
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_(Fischerspooner_album)=Odyssey (Fischerspooner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Intellect=Holy Intellect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Poverty=Pure Poverty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Business=Black Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_World_Order_(album)=The New World Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Arrival=New Arrival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(A-Teens_album)=Greatest Hits (A*Teens)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skillet_(album)=Skillet (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_&_Back_(Jeff_Beck_album)=There & Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Dancing_with_the_Moon=Slow Dancing with the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Tread=Don't Tread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grass_Is_Blue=The Grass Is Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Mine:_Pet_Shop_Boys=Back to Mine: Pet Shop Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_Again=Hungry Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Album_(Barbra_Streisand_album)=The Third Album (Barbra Streisand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_(Barbra_Streisand_album)=People (album Barbra Streisand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_(Samael_album)=Passage (Samael)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_Nothin'_Like_Me=Ain't Nothin' Like Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devin_Dazzle_&_the_Neon_Fever=Devin Dazzle & the Neon Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_All_Oddz_(Young_Noble_and_E.D.I._album)=Against All Oddz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Blessing_and_a_Curse=A Blessing and a Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Sparrow=Little Sparrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasures_(Dolly_Parton_album)=Treasures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Dark_the_Con_of_Man=So Dark the Con of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminate_Damnation=Terminate Damnation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birthday_Party_(video)=The Birthday Party (Motörhead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternal_Pyre=Eternal Pyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backstreet_Boys_(1996_album)=Backstreet Boys (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Toya_Jackson_(album)=La Toya Jackson (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aziza_Mustafa_Zadeh_(album)=Aziza Mustafa Zadeh (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_from_the_Dark=Out from the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazziza=Jazziza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masquerade_(Running_Wild_album)=Masquerade (Running Wild)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Way_Home_(Dokken_album)=Long Way Home (Dokken)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_(Running_Wild_album)=Victory (Running Wild)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_Boy=Beat Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listennn..._the_Album=Listennn... the Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Replay_(Crosby,_Stills_&_Nash_album)=Replay (Crosby, Stills & Nash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_the_Universe_(Binary_Star_album)=Masters of the Universe (Binary Star)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voodoo_Child:_The_Jimi_Hendrix_Collection=Voodoo Child: The Jimi Hendrix Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Special_(Dolly_Parton_album)=Something Special (Dolly Parton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirror_(The_Rapture_album)=Mirror (The Rapture)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till_the_Sun_Turns_Black=Till the Sun Turns Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Barbra=My Name Is Barbra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Barbra,_Two...=My Name Is Barbra, Two...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_Complete=The End Complete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blazon_Stone=Blazon Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basta_(album)=Basta (Quilapayún)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_One:_The_Very_Best_of_Thin_Lizzy=Wild One: The Very Best of Thin Lizzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Nashville_to_You=From Nashville to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(N.W.A_album)=Greatest Hits (N.W.A)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_Hours=Waking Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_This!=This Is This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Occult_Hymn=Occult Hymn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Tokyo_(Weather_Report_album)=Live in Tokyo (Weather Report)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.O.N.O.G.R.A.M.=S.O.N.O.G.R.A.M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue_You=Rescue You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Jacked_Up=All Jacked Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Definitive_Collection_(ABBA_album)=The Definitive Collection (ABBA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood,_Sweat_and_Towers=Blood Sweat & Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getz/Gilberto_Vol._2=Getz/Gilberto 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Fire_(album)=This Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_for_a_Blue_Guitar=Songs for a Blue Guitar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amen_(Paula_Cole_album)=Amen (Paula Cole)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folk_beat_n._1=Folk beat n. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Blood_Like_Honey=Like Blood Like Honey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trashed,_Lost_&_Strungout=Trashed, Lost & Strungout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Scotia_(album)=Nova Scotia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_in_a_Million_(Bosson_album)=One in a Million (album Bosson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_in_Eden=Sunrise in Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commoners_Crown=Commoners Crown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Cottage=Rocket Cottage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Force_Ten=Storm Force Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_on_the_Wild_Side:_The_Best_of_Lou_Reed=Walk on the Wild Side: The Best of Lou Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Righteous_Love=Righteous Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_Line=Back in Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempted_and_Tried=Tempted and Tried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Songs:_A_Compilation..._Old_and_New=Love Songs: A Compilation... Old and New
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unappreciated=Unappreciated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_You_Home=Bring You Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live:_Take_No_Prisoners=Live: Take No Prisoners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Get_Out_of_This_Country=Let's Get Out of This Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Italy_(Lou_Reed_album)=Live in Italy (Lou Reed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intensities_in_10_Cities=Intensities in 10 cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradox_Hotel=Paradox Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nugent_(album)=Nugent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penetrator_(album)=Penetrator (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Can't_Lick_'Em...Lick_'Em=If You Can't Lick 'Em...Lick 'Em
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Public_Affair=A Public Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Woman_Man=One Woman Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Hustla=I'm a Hustla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amputechture=Amputechture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_med_H_Soundtrack=Hannah med H Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escapexstacy=Escapexstacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christ_Illusion=Christ Illusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Day_in_Paradise_(album)=Another Day in Paradise (Strung Out)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Karelian_Isthmus=The Karelian Isthmus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_of_the_Wild=Spirit of the Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Score_(Dream_Theater_album)=Score: 20th Anniversary World Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Polyester_Embassy=The Polyester Embassy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerve_Net=Nerve Net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guns,_God_and_Government=Guns, God and Government
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_of_Rust=Carnival of Rust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_Pleasure_(The_Damned_album)=Music for Pleasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_The_Supremes=Meet The Supremes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_(Kasabian_album)=Empire (album Kasabian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Mighty_Oaks=From Mighty Oaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exposure_(Robert_Fripp_album)=Exposure (Robert Fripp)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Poet_(album)=American Poet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Bataclan_'72=Le Bataclan '72
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Thought_and_Expression:_The_Lou_Reed_Anthology=Between Thought and Expression: The Lou Reed Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodfellas_(Show_and_A.G._album)=Goodfellas (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuatro_(Flotsam_and_Jetsam_album)=Cuatro (Flotsam and Jetsam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_World_Posse=Third World Posse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Hours=Gung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winged_Life=Winged Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Makes_Mistakes_(Shearwater_album)=Everybody Makes Mistakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_in_1472=Life in 1472
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alannah_Myles_(album)=Alannah Myles (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Milk=Angel Milk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Definitive_Collection_(Lou_Reed_album)=The Definitive Collection (Lou Reed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvation_(Cult_of_Luna_album)=Salvation (Cult of Luna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_on_the_Wild_Side_&_Other_Hits=Walk on the Wild Side & Other Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chulahoma:_The_Songs_of_Junior_Kimbrough=Chulahoma: The Songs of Junior Kimbrough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Picnic_Time=New Picnic Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...And_Don't_Forget_to_Breathe=...And Don't Forget to Breathe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dissolving_Room=The Dissolving Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Elton_John=The Very Best of Elton John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heathenreel=Heathenreel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winter_Wake=The Winter Wake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Lou_Reed=The Very Best of Lou Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legendary_Lou_Reed=Legendary Lou Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Day_(Lou_Reed_album)=Perfect Day (album Lou Reed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chips_(album)=Chips (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Church_(album)=Charlotte Church (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_in_the_Spotlight=Standing in the Spotlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_(Mary_J._Blige_album)=My Life (Mary J. Blige)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Road_Out_of_Eden=Long Road Out of Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enchantment_(Charlotte_Church_album)=Enchantment (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentagram_(Gorgoroth_album)=Pentagram (Gorgoroth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antichrist_(Gorgoroth_album)=Antichrist (Gorgoroth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Could_Live_in_Hope=I Could Live in Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribute_to_Uncle_Ray=Tribute to Uncle Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halos_&_Horns=Halos & Horns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_God_and_Country_(Dolly_Parton_album)=For God and Country (Dolly Parton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up-Tight=Up-Tight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_Earth_(Stevie_Wonder_album)=Down to Earth (Stevie Wonder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Once_in_My_Life_(Stevie_Wonder_album)=For Once in My Life (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eivets_Rednow=Eivets Rednow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Cherie_Amour_(album)=My Cherie Amour (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signed,_Sealed_&_Delivered=Signed Sealed & Delivered (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_Red_(soundtrack)=The Woman in Red (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Square_Circle=In Square Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Characters_(Stevie_Wonder_album)=Characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conversation_Peace=Conversation Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atticus:_...Dragging_the_Lake,_Vol._2=Atticus: ...Dragging the Lake, Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atticus:_...Dragging_the_Lake,_Vol._3=Atticus: ...Dragging the Lake, Vol. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_(My_Dying_Bride_album)=Trinity (My Dying Bride)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Tour_with_Eric_Clapton=On Tour with Eric Clapton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Mountain_(album)=Blood Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Swing=The Final Swing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Wire_(Trapeze_album)=Hot Wire (Trapeze)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Audio_(album)=Universal Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_On_(Trapeze_album)=Hold On (Trapeze)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_and_Dreams=Dust and Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Passages=Time Passages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Coltrane_with_the_Red_Garland_Trio=John Coltrane with the Red Garland Trio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_John_Silver_(album)=Long John Silver (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Times_(Bob_Dylan_album)=Modern Times (Bob Dylan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimes_of_Passion_(Pat_Benatar_album)=Crimes of Passion (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precious_Time_(album)=Precious Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Nervous=Get Nervous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_the_Hard_Way=Seven the Hard Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Shots=Best Shots (Pat Benatar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity's_Rainbow_(album)=Gravity's Rainbow (Pat Benatar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_My_Gang=Me and My Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Does_Anything_Mean%3F_Basically=What Does Anything Mean? Basically
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Script_of_the_Bridge=Script of the Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reason_(Beanie_Sigel_album)=The Reason (Beanie Sigel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unorthodox_Behaviour=Unorthodox Behaviour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits:_Back_to_the_Start=Greatest Hits: Back to the Start
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Going_to_Tell_You_a_Secret_(album)=I'm Going to Tell You a Secret (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Works_(Queen_album)=The Works (Queen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spoke_(album)=Spoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Is_Blues=Green Is Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Certain_Smile,_a_Certain_Sadness=A Certain Smile a Certain Sadness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unrequited_(album)=Unrequited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Damn_Happy_(Loudon_Wainwright_III_album)=So Damn Happy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_L.A._(Death_&_Raw)=Live in L.A. (Death & Raw)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zapp_(album)=Zapp (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_(The_Supremes_album)=Touch (The Supremes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dutchess=The Dutchess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Oden_on_Our_Side=With Oden on Our Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bit_of_Liverpool=A Bit of Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polydistortion=Polydistortion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Hertz=Everybody Hertz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_Out_(Pointer_Sisters_album)=Break Out (The Pointer Sisters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits,_Etc.=Greatest Hits, Etc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Our_Neighborhood=Welcome to Our Neighborhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Supremes_Sing_Country,_Western_and_Pop=The Supremes Sing Country, Western and Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spectre_Within=The Spectre Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awaken_the_Guardian=Awaken the Guardian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallels_(album)=Parallels (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Symmetry_(Fates_Warning_album)=Perfect Symmetry (Fates Warning)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Out_(Fates_Warning_album)=Inside Out (Fates Warning)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Remember_Sam_Cooke=We Remember Sam Cooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Drawing_Blood=Like Drawing Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Machine=World Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsy_'66=Gypsy '66
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeopardy_(album)=Jeopardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Lions_Mouth=From the Lions Mouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_(T'Pau_album)=Rage (T'Pau)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Promise_(T'Pau_album)=The Promise (T'Pau)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_(T'Pau_album)=Red (T'Pau)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOL_(Blog_27_album)=LOL (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pimpalation=Pimpalation (The Pimp Is Free)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acceleration_(album)=Acceleration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_in_the_Way_of_Control=Standing in the Way of Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chrysalis_Years=The Chrysalis Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_in_Where_You_Fit_In=Get in Where You Fit In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Deluxe=Love Deluxe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DLR_Band=DLR Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invincible_(Skillet_album)=Invincible (album Skillet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z-Ro_(album)=Z-Ro (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alf_(album)=Alf (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raindancing=Raindancing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong_Groover=King Kong Groover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoodoo_(Alison_Moyet_album)=Hoodoo (Alison Moyet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex_(album)=Essex (Alison Moyet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Matter_of_Life_and_Death_(album)=A Matter of Life and Death (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_(Ensiferum_album)=Iron (Ensiferum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Up_Train=Back Up Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Real_Live_Dead_One=A Real Live Dead One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_All_Authority_/_Common_Rider=Common Rider/Against All Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_Out_in_Space=Somewhere Out in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinner_(Joan_Jett_album)=Sinner (Joan Jett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy_of_the_World=Philosophy of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ta-Dah=Ta-Dah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kylie_Collection=The Kylie Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shot_to_Hell=Shot to Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funkdafied=Funkdafied
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anuthatantrum=Anuthatantrum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Melody_and_the_Energetic_Nature_of_Volume=The Melody and the Energetic Nature of Volume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayleaf_(album)=Bayleaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Daddy_(album)=Big Daddy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles'_First=The Beatles' First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FutureSex/LoveSounds=FutureSex/LoveSounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dillinger_&_Young_Gotti=Dillinger & Young Gotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destroy_What_You_Enjoy=Destroy What You Enjoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belted,_Buckled_and_Booted=Belted, Buckled and Booted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Action_Is_Go=The Action Is Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vena_Sera=Vena Sera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starkers_in_Tokyo=Starkers in Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hometime_(album)=Hometime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_(Alison_Moyet_album)=Voice (Alison Moyet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_One_Rides_for_Free=No One Rides for Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_Of..._(Fu_Manchu_album)=In Search Of... (Fu Manchu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_Me_into_Madness=Follow Me into Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_the_Tragic_Kingdom=Live in the Tragic Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Reign=Born to Reign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Glory_of_Nothing=For the Glory of Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inertia_(The_Exies_album)=Inertia (The Exies)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinnie_Vincent_Invasion_(album)=Vinnie Vincent Invasion (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Systems_Go_(Vinnie_Vincent_Invasion_album)=All Systems Go (Vinnie Vincent Invasion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheep_Farming_in_Barnet=Sheep Farming in Barnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euphoria_(Vinnie_Vincent_album)=Euphoria (Vinnie Vincent)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lights_Out_(Lil_Wayne_album)=Lights Out (Lil Wayne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloom_(Eric_Johnson_album)=Bloom (Eric Johnson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speaking_of_Now=Speaking of Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_Soldier=Artificial Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comin'_Out_Hard=Comin' Out Hard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitaph_(Front_Line_Assembly_album)=Epitaph (Front Line Assembly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Need_Mine=I Need Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_2_Fonky=Way 2 Fonky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Video_Collection_(Anastacia_video)=The Video Collection (Anastacia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Angel_(Lee_Hyori_album)=Dark Angel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Unplugged_+3=MTV Unplugged +3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outcast_(Kreator_album)=Outcast (Kreator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brutality_and_Bloodshed_for_All=Brutality and Bloodshed for All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_tha_Influence=Under tha Influence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drama_(Jamelia_album)=Drama (Jamelia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feels_Like_Today=Feels Like Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_(Jamelia_album)=Thank You (album Jamelia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Live_in_Japan=Super Live in Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agharta_(album)=Agharta (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blessed_Black_Wings=Blessed Black Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alright,_Still=Alright, Still
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Survivor_(Pete_Rock_album)=Soul Survivor (Pete Rock)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Forests_Dream_Eternally=And the Forests Dream Eternally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_from_the_Heat=Crazy from the Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Man_Raider_Man=Fast Man Raider Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegiance_(Firewind_album)=Allegiance (Firewind)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_FM=Dead FM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_(Marques_Houston_album)=Naked (album Marques Houston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Misses=Greatest Misses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Demon_Bag=Six Demon Bag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleetwood_Mac:_Live_in_Boston=Live in Boston (Fleetwood Mac)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_Around_(album)=Turn Around (Jonny Lang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Works_Hard_for_the_Money_(album)=She Works Hard for the Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normal_Happiness=Normal Happiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Silence_(Foxy_Brown_album)=Broken Silence (Foxy Brown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chyna_Doll_(album)=Chyna Doll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonics_&_Twisted_Chasers=Tonics & Twisted Chasers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PeteStrumentals=PeteStrumentals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_&_Found:_Hip_Hop_Underground_Soul_Classics=Lost & Found: Hip Hop Underground Soul Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Survivor_II=Soul Survivor II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antichristian_Phenomenon=Antichristian Phenomenon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Sides=Back Sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Conversations=Two Conversations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waved_Out=Waved Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Live_Night=One Live Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiply_(Jamie_Lidell_album)=Multiply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Town_Hall,_1962=Town Hall, 1962
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_in_Berlin=Miles in Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_Airplane_(album)=Jefferson Airplane (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soil_Festivities=Soil Festivities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Brooklyn=Made in Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Theory_(album)=Game Theory (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shining_(J_Dilla_album)=The Shining (J Dilla)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Entertainment=Family Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_the_Sun=Far from the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_First_Impression=Second First Impression
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida_(album)=In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Loving_Memory_Of...=In Loving Memory Of...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sur_la_Mer=Sur la mer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keys_of_the_Kingdom=Keys of the Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die,_Rugged_Man,_Die=Die, Rugged Man, Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undiscovered_(Brooke_Hogan_album)=Undiscovered (Brooke Hogan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Summer_Tic_EP=The Summer Tic EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outsider_(DJ_Shadow_album)=The Outsider (DJ Shadow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody's_in_Show-Biz=Everybody's in Show-Biz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preservation_Act_1=Preservation: Act 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Dreams_(Fabolous_album)=Street Dreams (Fabolous)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frequencies_from_Planet_Ten=Frequencies from Planet Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Comment_(Front_242_album)=No Comment (Front 242)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_Calls_with_Brick_Walls=Close Calls with Brick Walls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeletons_from_the_Closet:_The_Best_of_Grateful_Dead=Skeletons from the Closet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Itch_Radio=Crazy Itch Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_Up=The Way Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drama_(Bananarama_album)=Drama (Bananarama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disregard_of_Timekeeping=The Disregard of Timekeeping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Dr._Octagon=The Return of Dr. Octagon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travels_(Pat_Metheny_Group_album)=Travels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Circle_(album)=First Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcazarized=Alcazarized
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arista_Years_(Grateful_Dead_album)=The Arista Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_on_Your_Mean_Side=Keep on Your Mean Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live...In_the_Raw=Live...In the Raw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Got_Game_(soundtrack)=He Got Game (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradize=Paradize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(LeAnn_Rimes_album)=Blue (LeAnn Rimes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daredevil_(Fu_Manchu_album)=Daredevil (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Light_Up_My_Life:_Inspirational_Songs=You Light Up My Life: Inspirational Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Road_(album)=King of the Road (Fu Manchu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_of_the_Past=Shadows of the Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_Playboys=Atomic Playboys (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emo_(album)=Emo (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_Very_Little=Thank You Very Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Years_of_Hits=10 Years of Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Searching=Still Searching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis'_Christmas_Album=Elvis' Christmas Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piano_Vibrations=Piano Vibrations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bust_a_Nut=Bust a Nut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.O.R.E._(album)=N.O.R.E. (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chant_(Benedictine_Monks_of_Santo_Domingo_de_Silos_album)=Chant (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Need_You_(album)=I Need You (album LeAnn Rimes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Angel=Twisted Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matching_Mole_(album)=Matching Mole (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subsurface_(album)=Subsurface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howling_Bells_(album)=Howling Bells (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thug_Matrimony:_Married_to_the_Streets=Thug Matrimony: Married to the Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Rebel=I'm a Rebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragments_of_D-Generation=Fragments of D-Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Tricks=Mind Tricks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaker_(Accept_album)=Breaker (Accept)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till_Deaf_Do_Us_Part=Til Deaf Do Us Part
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slade_on_Stage=Slade on Stage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Sixes_and_Sevens=At Sixes and Sevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind's_Eye_(album)=Mind's Eye (Vinnie Moore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles'_Hits=The Beatles' Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Clark_with_the_Gosdin_Brothers=Gene Clark with the Gosdin Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Times_(Al_Stewart_album)=Modern Times (Al Stewart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reel_to_Reel=Reel to Reel (Grand Puba)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/December_(The_Moody_Blues_album)=December (The Moody Blues)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_in_the_Real_World=Here in the Real World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caught_Live_+_5=Caught Live + 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prelude_(The_Moody_Blues_album)=Prelude (The Moody Blues)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphabet_City_(album)=Alphabet City (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domine_Non_Es_Dignus=Domine non es dignus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trip_the_Light_Fantastic_(Sophie_Ellis-Bextor_album)=Trip the Light Fantastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wouldn't_You_Like_It%3F=Wouldn't You Like It?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Kamikaze_Syndrome=The Amazing Kamikaze Syndrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderstone_(album)=Thunderstone (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_(Thunderstone_album)=The Burning (Thunderstone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Rockers=All the Rockers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Wine_(album)=April Wine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live!_(April_Wine_album)=Live! (April Wine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Back_(April_Wine_album)=Stand Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_World's_Goin'_Crazy=The Whole World's Goin' Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_for_Now_(April_Wine_album)=Forever for Now (April Wine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Glance=First Glance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(April_Wine_album)=Greatest Hits (April Wine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harder_..._Faster=Harder... Faster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nature_of_the_Beast_(album)=The Nature of the Beast (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Grace=Animal Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Through_Fire=Walking Through Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oowatanite=Oowatanite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heliocentric_Worlds_of_Sun_Ra,_Volume_Two=The Heliocentric Worlds of Sun Ra, Volume Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attitude_(April_Wine_album)=Attitude (April Wine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Mansion=Back to the Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_April_Wine:_Rock_Ballads=The Best of April Wine: Rock Ballads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roughly_Speaking=Roughly Speaking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama's_Bad_Boy=Mama's Bad Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghettos_Tryin_to_Kill_Me!=The Ghettos Tryin to Kill Me!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghetto_D=Ghetto D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MP_da_Last_Don=MP da Last Don
http://dbpedia.org/resource/99_Ways_to_Die_(album)=99 Ways to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Cream_Man_(album)=Ice Cream Man (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_God_Can_Judge_Me=Only God Can Judge Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghetto_Postage=Ghetto Postage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightwatch_(album)=Nightwatch (Kenny Loggins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_to_the_World=Dead to the World (Marilyn Manson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_Ideals=The Fall of Ideals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Pain=Love & Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noise_(Archive_album)=Noise (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendly_People=Friendly People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KT_Tunstall's_Acoustic_Extravaganza=KT Tunstall's Acoustic Extravaganza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monk's_Dream_(Thelonious_Monk_album)=Monk's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Flame_to_the_Ground_Beneath=A Flame to the Ground Beneath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awakening_the_World=Awakening the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Blakey's_Jazz_Messengers_with_Thelonious_Monk=Art Blakey's Jazz Messengers with Thelonious Monk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_13=Exit 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Voice_(Billy_Gilman_album)=One Voice (Billy Gilman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Worry_About_Me=Don't Worry About Me (Joey Ramone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_on_the_Other_Side=Live on the Other Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monkey_Puzzle_(UFO_album)=The Monkey Puzzle (UFO)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violent_Revolution=Violent Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeleton_Skeletron=Skeleton Skeletron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winner_in_You=Winner in You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Can_I_Sleep_with_Your_Voice_in_My_Head=How Can I Sleep with Your Voice in My Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Flame=A New Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_with_The_Hollies=Stay with The Hollies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Them_Again=Them Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lure_of_the_Grand_Canyon=The Lure of the Grand Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Marche_de_l'Empereur_(soundtrack)=La Marche de l'empereur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubblegum_(Mark_Lanegan_album)=Bubblegum (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegotiations:_The_Remixes=Renegotiations: The Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.B._(album)=N.B. (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(Simply_Red_album)=Blue (Simply Red)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_the_Russian_Winter=Love and the Russian Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Remember_Yesterday=I Remember Yesterday (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shotgun_Messiah_(album)=Shotgun Messiah (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violent_New_Breed=Violent New Breed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Girl=Summer Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boardface=Boardface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_McGraw_and_the_Dancehall_Doctors=Tim McGraw and the Dancehall Doctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_Years_(Chick_Corea_album)=Light Years (Chick Corea Elektric Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Natsu_Natsu_Mini_Berryz=3 Natsu Natsu Mini Berryz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soundbombing=Soundbombing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_(album)=Into
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Favorite=New Favorite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyricist_Lounge,_Volume_One=Lyricist Lounge, Volume One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyricist_Lounge_2=Lyricist Lounge 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_for_You_(The_Carpenters_album)=A Song for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abandoned_Luncheonette=Abandoned Luncheonette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_of_the_People_We_Love=Pieces of the People We Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tubthumper=Tubthumper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Forever=Children of Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_of_Fire:_The_Best_of_Johnny_Cash=Ring of Fire: The Best of Johnny Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Needs_Actions_When_You_Got_Words=Who Needs Actions When You Got Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Christmas_Spirit=The Christmas Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touring_the_Angel:_Live_in_Milan=Touring the Angel: Live in Milan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Walk_the_Line_(1964_album)=I Walk the Line (album Johnny Cash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitter_Tears:_Ballads_of_the_American_Indian=Bitter Tears: Ballads of the American Indian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Blossom_Special_(album)=Orange Blossom Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mish_Maoul=Mish Maoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Mess_with_Mister_T.=Don't Mess with Mister T.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Cocker!=Joe Cocker!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Candy=Black Candy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Collection_(Third_Eye_Blind_album)=A Collection (Third Eye Blind)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Life_(Evermore_album)=Real Life (Evermore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happiness_Is_You=Happiness Is You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inhumanity_(album)=Inhumanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_a_Poison_Goin'_On=There's a Poison Goin' On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Sea_to_Shining_Sea=From Sea to Shining Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_the_Free=Songs of the Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_(Evermore_album)=Dreams (Evermore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_(Bob_Weir_album)=Ace (Bob Weir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_Cash=Heart of Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_of_Old_Golden_Throat=More of Old Golden Throat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello,_I'm_Johnny_Cash=Hello, I'm Johnny Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Same_Old_Blood_Rush_with_a_New_Touch=The Same Old Blood Rush with a New Touch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walking_Wounded=The Walking Wounded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Silence=No Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inventor_of_Evil=Inventor of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter-Harvest=Winter-Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Antichrist_(album)=The Antichrist (Destruction)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_on_End=End on End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Deli_(A_Taste_of_Detroit)=Detroit Deli (A Taste of Detroit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slum_Village_(album)=Slum Village (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dedicated_(ATB_album)=Dedicated (ATB)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movin'_Melodies=Movin' Melodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiskey_on_a_Sunday_(album)=Whiskey on a Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anvil_(album)=The Anvil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo'_Mega=Mo' Mega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Budget_(album)=Low Budget (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Johnny_Cash=The World of Johnny Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live!!_+one=Live!! +one
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_of_Souls_(Miranda_Sex_Garden_album)=Carnival of Souls (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascension_(John_Coltrane_album)=Ascension (John Coltrane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paramour_Sessions=The Paramour Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Songs_and_a_Cover=Five Songs and a Cover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winds_Devouring_Men=Winds Devouring Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rose_Is_Still_a_Rose=A Rose Is Still a Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Pills=Happy Pills (Candlebox)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21_(Omarion_album)=21 (Omarion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam's_Town=Sam's Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_You_Fake_It=Don't You Fake It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Vengeance_and_Violence=Of Vengeance and Violence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dusty_Foot_Philosopher=The Dusty Foot Philosopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_Dem_Ol'_Kozmic_Blues_Again_Mama!=I Got Dem Ol' Kozmic Blues Again Mama!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozen_in_Time=Frozen in Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21st_Century_(Groove_Coverage_album)=21st Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cock_Robin_(album)=Cock Robin (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Privilege_of_Evil=Privilege of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singles_Collection_(David_Bowie_album)=The Singles Collection (David Bowie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Here_Through_Midland=After Here Through Midland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punk_Goes_90's=Punk Goes 90's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Love_Last_Rites=First Love Last Rites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Winter_Day=Black Winter Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amplified_//_A_Decade_of_Reinventing_the_Cello=Amplified // A Decade of Reinventing the Cello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_My_Loving_(EP)=All My Loving (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatles_for_Sale_(EP)=Beatles for Sale (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles'_Million_Sellers=The Beatles' Million Sellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowhere_Man_(EP)=Nowhere Man (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decade:_%22...but_wait_it_gets_worse%22=Decade "...but wait it gets worse"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_the_Caribbean:_The_Curse_of_the_Black_Pearl_(soundtrack)=La maledizione della prima luna (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Woman_(LeAnn_Rimes_album)=This Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crusade_(album)=Crusade (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_It_Up_(Crosby,_Stills_&_Nash_album)=Live It Up (Crosby, Stills & Nash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Storm_(Crosby,_Stills_&_Nash_album)=After the Storm (Crosby, Stills & Nash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Crosby,_Stills_&_Nash_album)=Greatest Hits (Crosby, Stills & Nash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_the_Caribbean:_Dead_Man's_Chest_(soundtrack)=Pirati dei Caraibi - La maledizione del forziere fantasma (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_One_in_Every_Crowd=There's One in Every Crowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Ticket=Another Ticket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_(Metal_Church_album)=The Dark (Metal Church)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reptile_(album)=Reptile (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riding_with_the_King_(B.B._King_and_Eric_Clapton_album)=Riding with the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All-Time_Greatest_Hits_(Barry_White_album)=All-Time Greatest Hits (Barry White)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_(Eric_Clapton_album)=Blues (Eric Clapton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Magni_blandinn_ok_megintiri...=...Magni Blandinn Ok Megintiri...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_Life_(Bananarama_album)=Pop Life (Bananarama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Promise=My Promise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Yourself=Please Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_Violet_(Bananarama_album)=Ultra Violet/I Found Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroads_2:_Live_in_the_Seventies=Crossroads 2: Live in the Seventies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visage_(Visage_album)=Visage (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absurd_Pop_Song_Romance=Absurd Pop Song Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamia_(album)=Tamia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savior_Sorrow=Savior Sorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fire_in_Our_Throats_Will_Beckon_the_Thaw=The Fire in Our Throats Will Beckon the Thaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spare_Parts_(album)=Spare Parts (Status Quo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piledriver_(album)=Piledriver (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello!_(album)=Hello! (Status Quo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Back_(Status_Quo_album)=Back to Back (Status Quo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Remedy=Perfect Remedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocking_All_Over_the_Years=Rocking All Over the Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_'til_You_Drop=Rock 'Til You Drop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Stop_(Status_Quo_album)=Don't Stop (album Status Quo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Influence_(Status_Quo_album)=Under the Influence (Status Quo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Juvenile_Product_of_the_Working_Class=A Juvenile Product of the Working Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dying_Is_Your_Latest_Fashion=Dying Is Your Latest Fashion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_No_Sympathy_for_the_Dead=There's No Sympathy for the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frampton_(album)=Frampton (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Live_Here=We Live Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa_Roach:_Live_&_Murderous_in_Chicago=Live & Murderous in Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginary_Day=Imaginary Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2nd_Wind=2nd Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Praise_of_Dreams=In Praise of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Press_Play_(album)=Press Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_Argentino_en_New_York=Un argentino en New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Their_Country=Love Their Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supremacy_(Hatebreed_album)=Supremacy (Hatebreed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Heroes=War Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_On_(Jet_album)=Shine On (album Jet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravendusk_in_My_Heart=Ravendusk in My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Influence_(Warrant_album)=Under the Influence (Warrant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Again_(John_Legend_album)=Once Again (John Legend)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closing_In_on_the_Fire=Closing In on the Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_in_a_Day_(album)=Life in a Day (Simple Minds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_to_Real_Cacophony=Real to Real Cacophony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empires_and_Dance=Empires and Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1st_Class_(album)=1st Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_the_City_of_Light=Live in the City of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebration_(Simple_Minds_album)=Celebration (album Simple Minds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glittering_Prize_81/92=Glittering Prize 81/92
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neon_Lights_(album)=Neon Lights (album Simple Minds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Simple_Minds=The Best of Simple Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_The_Pipettes=We Are the Pipettes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_in_You=I'm in You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KRS-One_(album)=KRS-One (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_Next=I Got Next
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_(Tangerine_Dream_soundtrack)=Legend (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Retrospective_(KRS-One_album)=A Retrospective (KRS-One)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sneak_Attack=The Sneak Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Army_Now_(album)=In the Army Now (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(KRS-One_album)=Life (KRS-One)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/III:_In_the_Eyes_of_Fire=III: In the Eyes of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uh-Oh_(David_Byrne_album)=Uh-Oh (David Byrne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nogatco_Rd.=Nogatco Rd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pleasant_Shade_of_Gray=A Pleasant Shade of Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smear_Campaign_(album)=Smear Campaign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amar_es_Combatir=Amar es combatir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Said_It_Couldn't_Be_Done=They Said It Couldn't Be Done
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Source_(Grandmaster_Flash_album)=The Source (Grandmaster Flash and The Furious Five)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_You_(Karen_Mok_album)=Without You (Karen Mok)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kool_&_Deadly=Kool & Deadly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knives_Don't_Have_Your_Back=Knives Don't Have Your Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Cycle_(album)=Song Cycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_the_People_What_They_Want_(The_Kinks_album)=Give the People What They Want
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Confusion=State of Confusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.A.T.u._Remixes=T.A.T.u. Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discover_America=Discover America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Invasion_(album)=Home Invasion (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold:_The_Best_of_Spandau_Ballet=Gold: The Best of Spandau Ballet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Has_a_Plan_for_Us_All=God Has a Plan for Us All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birthday_Concert=The Birthday Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plague_(Nuclear_Assault_EP)=The Plague (Nuclear Assault)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_We_Wanna=Whatever We Wanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_of_Time=Rhythm of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_Of_(Eagles_album)=The Very Best Of (Eagles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frigate_(album)=Frigate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coping_with_the_Urban_Coyote=Coping with the Urban Coyote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unida/Dozer=Unida/Dozer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_They_Sang..._When_Rome_Fell=The Song They Sang... When Rome Fell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Box_Set_(Kiss)=The Box Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_for_the_Comic_Muse=Victory for the Comic Muse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lil'_Romeo_(album)=Lil' Romeo (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Time=Game Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Wizard_(album)=Electric Wizard (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Posteriori=A posteriori (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassie_(album)=Cassie (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_Where_You_Want_Me_(album)=Right Where You Want Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Light_of_the_Moon_(album)=By the Light of the Moon (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Dead=Born Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danity_Kane_(album)=Danity Kane (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inertia_(Derek_Sherinian_album)=Inertia (Derek Sherinian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._C._Was_Here=E. C. Was Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Warning=Public Warning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Johnny_Cash_Show_(album)=The Johnny Cash Show (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dry_&_Heavy_(album)=Dry & Heavy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.I._vs._T.I.P.=T.I. vs T.I.P.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(Burning_Spear_album)=Live (Burning Spear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Music=Our Music (Burning Spear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus'_Children=Marcus' Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Abominations=United Abominations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_Japanese=Turn Japanese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forget_What_You_Know=Forget What You Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiko_(album)=Kiko (Los Lobos)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Wasted_Years=12 Wasted Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepwalker_(The_Kinks_album)=Sleepwalker (The Kinks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Conversation=London Conversation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_&_Raised_(Joy_Denalane_album)=Born & Raised
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Nik_Kershaw=The Best of Nik Kershaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Now_(Level_42_album)=Forever Now (album Level 42)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Orchids_(album)=Wild Orchids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Should_Know_(Burning_Spear_album)=The World Should Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monolithic_Baby!=Monolithic Baby!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Dub_Vol._1=Living Dub Vol.1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mek_We_Dweet=Mek We Dweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasta_Business=Rasta Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_(All_album)=ALL (ALL)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reason_(Hoobastank_album)=The Reason (album Hoobastank)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Dub_Vol._2=Living Dub Vol.2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Paris_Zenith_'88=Live in Paris: Zenith '88
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Send_the_Fire=Send the Fire (Worship Sessions Volume 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jah_Kingdom=Jah Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Peace:_Burning_Spear_Live!=Love and Peace: Burning Spear Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Dub_Vol._3=Living Dub Vol.3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appointment_with_His_Majesty=Appointment with His Majesty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calling_Rastafari=Calling Rastafari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Dub_Vol._4=Living Dub Vol.4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Walk_the_Line_(soundtrack_album)=I Walk the Line (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Fauss_and_Big_Halsy_(soundtrack)=Little Fauss and Big Halsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_Black_(album)=Man in Black (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Self_Defense_(album)=The Art of Self Defense (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canned_Heat_(album)=Canned Heat (Canned Heat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallelujah_(album)=Hallelujah (Canned Heat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wicked_Lady_(album)=The Wicked Lady (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postcards_of_the_Hanging=Postcards of the Hanging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bankstatement=Bankstatement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits,_Vol._2_(Johnny_Cash_album)=Greatest Hits, Vol. 2 (Johnny Cash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Wrist=Saturday Night Wrist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Modern_Way_of_Living_with_the_Truth=A Modern Way of Living with the Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Plus_One=Live Plus One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Day,_Different_Shit=Same Day, Different Shit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DiscO-Zone=DiscO-Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holy_Land_(album)=The Holy Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_the_Perfect_World=Half the Perfect World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Second_Counts_(album)=Every Second Counts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Ripper=Night Ripper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hundred_Year_Hall=Hundred Year Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_or_Agony=Triumph or Agony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawnrazor=Dawnrazor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Montana_(soundtrack)=Hannah Montana (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpark_North_(album)=Carpark North (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masquerade_(Wyclef_Jean_album)=Masquerade (Wyclef Jean)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Makings_of_Me=The Makings of Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghetto_Heisman=Ghetto Heisman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hustla's_Handbook=Hustla's Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Outta_Lynwood=Straight Outta Lynwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallout_from_the_Phil_Zone=Fallout from the Phil Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Fillmore_East_2-11-69=Live at the Fillmore East 2-11-69
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hybris_(album)=Hybris (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americans_Abroad!!!_Against_Me!!!_Live_in_London!!!=Americans Abroad!!! Against Me!!! Live in London!!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labour_of_Love=Labour of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pangaea_(album)=Pangaea (Miles Davis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Demise=World Demise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Minute_Now=Any Minute Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-Teknology=Hi-Teknology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_Life=The Mystery of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saosin_(album)=Saosin (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Cash_Is_Coming_to_Town=Johnny Cash Is Coming to Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believe_in_Him=Believe in Him
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are...The_League=We Are...The League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/718_(album)=718 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_99=Johnny 99
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Johnny_Cash=The Adventures of Johnny Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baron_(album)=The Baron (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockabilly_Blues=Rockabilly Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_(Johnny_Cash_album)=Silver (Johnny Cash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_Girl_(album)=Gone Girl (album Johnny Cash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Would_Like_to_See_You_Again=I Would Like to See You Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mis-Teeq_(album)=Mis-Teeq (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Joseph_W._McVey=The Life of Joseph W. McVey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thing_Called_Love=A Thing Called Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Stills_2=Stephen Stills 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_the_Road_(Manassas_album)=Down the Road (Stephen Stills e Manassas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America:_A_200-Year_Salute_in_Story_and_Song=America: A 200-Year Salute in Story and Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stills_Alone=Stills Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rambler_(album)=The Rambler (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Gunfighter_Ballad=The Last Gunfighter Ballad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refuse/Resist=Refuse/Resist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_at_Last_(Freeway_album)=Free at Last (Freeway)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirds_(album)=Thirds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MYV_Pops=MYV☆POPS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_Is_Still_a_Major_Issue=Money Is Still a Major Issue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Shop_wit_Me=Come Shop wit Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_in_Eden=Rage in Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_(Six_Feet_Under_album)=Haunted (Six Feet Under)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Wanted_the_Best,_You_Got_the_Best!!=You Wanted the Best, You Got the Best!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planeta_Eskoria=Planeta Eskoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muchas_Gracias:_The_Best_of_Kyuss=Muchas Gracias: The Best of Kyuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyuss_/_Queens_of_the_Stone_Age=Kyuss/Queens of the Stone Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addams_Family_Values:_Music_from_the_Motion_Picture=Addams Family Values (Music from the Motion Picture)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeti_(album)=Yeti (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanz_der_Lemminge=Tanz der Lemminge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Seasonings=Sonic Seasonings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addams_Family_Values:_The_Original_Orchestral_Score=Addams Family Values (The Original Orchestral Score)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insanity_(album)=Insanity (Darkane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Johnny_Cash_Family_Christmas=The Johnny Cash Family Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4:21..._The_Day_After=4:21...The Day After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Cash_and_His_Woman=Johnny Cash and His Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_Cake=Strawberry Cake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapter_1:_The_End=Chapter 1: The End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geek_the_Girl=Geek the Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_the_Clocks=Stop the Clocks (raccolta Oasis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day_It_Will_Please_Us_to_Remember_Even_This=One Day It Will Please Us to Remember Even This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrath_of_the_Tyrant=Wrath of the Tyrant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_and_Girls_in_America=Boys and Girls in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choices_II:_The_Setup=Choices II: The Setup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_of_Change_(album)=Wind of Change (Peter Frampton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sort_Of=Sort Of
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Superstar=International Superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Christmas_(Johnny_Cash_album)=Classic Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Cash:_Hall_of_Fame_Series=Classic Cash: Hall of Fame Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Your_Heart_Stops_Beating=When Your Heart Stops Beating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkhorse=Darkhorse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Johnny_Cash_Children's_Album=The Johnny Cash Children's Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Potion_(album)=Magic Potion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Tape=First Tape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livin'_It_Up!=Livin' It Up!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghetto_Warfare=Ghetto Warfare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Everlasting=Forever Everlasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_(Mika_Nakashima_album)=Best (Mika Nakashima)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_on_Stage=Hell on Stage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_Power_(album)=Tower of Power (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Faced_Killer=Baby Faced Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threshold_(album)=Threshold (HammerFall)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Captain_&_the_Kid=The Captain and the Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filthy_Notes_for_Frozen_Hearts=Filthy Notes for Frozen Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_W=The W
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_and_the_Goblet_of_Fire_(soundtrack)=Harry Potter e il calice di fuoco (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_a_Scientist=I Am a Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_and_the_Prisoner_of_Azkaban_(soundtrack)=Harry Potter e il prigioniero di Azkaban (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_(Angel_album)=Angel (Angel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tha_Block_Is_Hot=Tha Block Is Hot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdman_(album)=Birdman (Birdman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Shut_Your_Mouth_(album)=World Shut Your Mouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fried_(album)=Fried (Julian Cope)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voices_(Vangelis_album)=Voices (Vangelis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairport_Convention_(album)=Fairport Convention (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_(album)=Kenny (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Want_Miles=We Want Miles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_of_Age_(Memphis_Bleek_album)=Coming of Age (Memphis Bleek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graveyard_Classics=Graveyard Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_a_Whisper=Leave a Whisper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Hot_(album)=White Hot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legs_Diamond_(album)=Legs Diamond (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_at_Sweethearts=Breakfast at Sweethearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearly_Love=Clearly Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_On_Over_(Olivia_Newton-John_album)=Come on Over (Olivia Newton-John)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Stop_Believin'_(album)=Don't Stop Believin' (Olivia Newton-John)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits,_Vol._3_(Johnny_Cash_album)=Greatest Hits, Vol. 3 (Johnny Cash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunch_of_Hits=Bunch of Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_a_Blue_Turban_with_a_Face=The Man in a Blue Turban with a Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_(Johnny_Cash_and_Waylon_Jennings_album)=Heroes (Johnny Cash e Waylon Jennings)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_Angel_of_Doom=Fallen Angel of Doom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_in_a_Doll's_House=Music in a Doll's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_to_Do_with_Daylight=What to Do with Daylight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_the_Free_(Gamma_Ray_album)=Land of the Free (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Book_(album)=Red Book (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nano-Nucleonic_Cyborg_Summoning=Nano-Nucleonic Cyborg Summoning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rest_in_Peace:_The_Final_Concert=Rest In Peace: The Final Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fruit_at_the_Bottom=Fruit at the Bottom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faust_(album)=Faust (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_to_Tyrants=Death to Tyrants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrome_Children=Chrome Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attero_Dominatus=Attero Dominatus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_and_Soul_(Joe_Jackson_album)=Body and Soul (Joe Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Jackson's_Jumpin'_Jive=Jumpin' Jive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spit_My_Last_Breath=Spit My Last Breath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livin'_in_Exile=Livin' in Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Sunset:_The_Romantic_Collection=Beyond the Sunset: The Romantic Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serenity_(Blood_for_Blood_album)=Serenity (Blood for Blood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ananda_(album)=Ananda (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Hot=Totally Hot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Train_to_Heartbreak_Station=Live Train to Heartbreak Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deceptive_Bends=Deceptive Bends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elton_John_and_Tim_Rice's_Aida=Elton John and Tim Rice's Aida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You've_Got_to_Laugh=You've Got to Laugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbeat_(Don_Johnson_album)=Heartbeat (Don Johnson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza_Deliverance=Pizza Deliverance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheetah_Girls_2_(soundtrack)=The Cheetah Girls 2 (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slowly_We_Rot=Slowly We Rot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dignity_(album)=Dignity (Hilary Duff)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_with_Dirty_Faces_(Tricky_album)=Angels with Dirty Faces (Tricky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Torture_Papers_(album)=The Torture Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_Mastery=Age of Mastery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Home_(Brian_Littrell_album)=Welcome Home (Brian Littrell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grease:_The_Original_Soundtrack_from_the_Motion_Picture=Grease (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_on_Wheels_(album)=Hell on Wheels (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoner_in_Disguise=Prisoner in Disguise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoolboys_in_Disgrace=Schoolboys in Disgrace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Border_Girl=Border Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pau-Latina=Pau-Latina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulina_(album)=Paulina (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planeta_Paulina=Planeta Paulina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Kilates=24 Kilates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Chica_Dorada=La chica dorada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_and_the_Chamber_of_Secrets_(soundtrack)=Harry Potter e la camera dei segreti (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_the_City_Sleeps,_We_Rule_the_Streets=While the City Sleeps, We Rule the Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flaming_Red=Flaming Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1000_Kisses_(album)=1000 Kisses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methods_of_Mayhem_(album)=Methods of Mayhem (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark's_Keyboard_Repair=Mark's Keyboard Repair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Performing_Chicken=Performing Chicken EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits,_Vol._1_(Johnny_Cash_album)=Greatest Hits, Vol. 1 (Johnny Cash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kizz_My_Black_Azz=Kizz My Black Azz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Decade_of_Steely_Dan=A Decade of Steely Dan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look-Ka_Py_Py=Look-Ka Py Py
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_by_Affiliation=Guilty by Affiliation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_Halo=The Burning Halo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncanned!_The_Best_of_Canned_Heat=Uncanned! The Best of Canned Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_L'Arc-en-Ciel_C/W=The Best of L'Arc-en-Ciel C/W
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits,_Vol._1_(Rod_Stewart_album)=Greatest Hits, Vol. 1 (Rod Stewart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Promise_(Freestyle_Fellowship_album)=The Promise (Freestyle Fellowship)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impossible_Dream=Impossible Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Resurrection_(Geto_Boys_album)=The Resurrection (Geto Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Geto_Boys_(album)=The Geto Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Eyes_(Hall_&_Oates_album)=Private Eyes (Hall & Oates)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Luxury_Gap=The Luxury Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brave_and_the_Bold_(album)=The Brave and the Bold (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Are_You_Waiting_For%3F_(FM_Static_album)=What Are You Waiting For?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_Grenades=Light Grenades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Alone_in_Babylone=Baby Alone in Babylone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melt_(Rascal_Flatts_album)=Melt (Rascal Flatts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cut_the_Crap_(Jackyl_album)=Cut the Crap (Jackyl)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dillinger_&_Young_Gotti_II:_Tha_Saga_Continuez...=Dillinger & Young Gotti II: Tha Saga Continuez...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roots_(Curtis_Mayfield_album)=Roots (Curtis Mayfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_to_the_Light=Run to the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plastic_Green_Head=Plastic Green Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comatose_(album)=Comatose (album Skillet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick's_Picks_Volume_2=Dick's Picks Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_and_the_Philosopher's_Stone_(soundtrack)=Harry Potter e la pietra filosofale (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bueninvento=Bueninvento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_Personality_(Cassidy_album)=Split Personality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_a_Good_Thing_Better=Making a Good Thing Better
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eminem_Presents:_The_Re-Up=Eminem Presents the Re-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardent_Worship=Ardent Worship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Easy_Street=Live at Easy Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_to_the_Game=Married to the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightfall_of_Diamonds=Nightfall of Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Won't_Be_Christmas_Without_You=It Won't Be Christmas Without You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._T's_Commandments=Mr. T's Commandments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Were_Dead_Before_the_Ship_Even_Sank=We Were Dead Before the Ship Even Sank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arntor=Arntor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1184_(album)=1184 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Likferd=Likferd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Mariel=El Mariel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Diablo_(album)=El diablo (album Litfiba)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Different_Ways=A Thousand Different Ways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Fever=Millennium Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick's_Picks_Volume_1=Dick's Picks Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_in_the_City:_Live_in_New_York=Summer in the City: Live in New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costello_Music=Costello Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cast_Away_(album)=Cast Away (Visions of Atlantis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hysteria_(The_Human_League_album)=Hysteria (The Human League)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Birkin/Serge_Gainsbourg=Jane Birkin - Serge Gainsbourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steeler_(American_band_album)=Steeler (album gruppo musicale statunitense)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/False_Start_(album)=False Start
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Shock_(Herbie_Hancock_album)=Future Shock (Herbie Hancock)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loudest_Love=Loudest Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Say_You_Can't_Survive=Never Say You Can't Survive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_It_All_Night_(album)=Do It All Night (album Curtis Mayfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbeat_(Curtis_Mayfield_album)=Heartbeat (Curtis Mayfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_(The_Black_Heart_Procession_album)=1 (The Black Heart Procession)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Beat_(Edan_album)=Beauty and the Beat (Edan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pugwall=Pugwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation:_Livecrime=Operation: Livecrime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrapin_Station_(Limited_Edition)=Terrapin Station (Limited Edition)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_See_Him=If You See Him
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Positively_Somewhere=Positively Somewhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_+_Vision_(box_set)=Sound + Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Long_So_Wrong=So Long So Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecce_Cor_Meum=Ecce Cor Meum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reel_to_Real_(album)=Reel to Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robyn_Is_Here=Robyn Is Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logos_Live=Logos (Live)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Eagle_(album)=White Eagle (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyperborea_(album)=Hyperborea (Tangerine Dream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robyn_(album)=Robyn (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Crunk,_Who_U_Wit:_Da_Album=Get Crunk, Who U Wit: Da Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Still_Crunk!!=We Still Crunk!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Put_Yo_Hood_Up=Put Yo Hood Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Part_II_(Lil_Jon_&_the_East_Side_Boyz_album)=Part II (Lil Jon & the East Side Boyz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Om_(John_Coltrane_album)=Om (John Coltrane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_of_War=The Future of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Believer_Sings_the_Truth=A Believer Sings the Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ensiferum_(album)=Ensiferum (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pergamon_(album)=Quichotte/Pergamon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_'n_Blue_(album)=Black 'N Blue (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Good_Together=So Good Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kids_Are_Alright_(soundtrack)=The Kids Are Alright (album The Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IV_(Winger_album)=IV (Winger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Cosby_Sings_Hooray_for_the_Salvation_Army_Band!=Bill Cosby Sings Hooray for the Salvation Army Band!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valfar,_ein_Windir=Valfar, ein Windir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expansion_Team_(album)=Expansion Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighborhood_Watch_(album)=Neighborhood Watch (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20/20_(Dilated_Peoples_album)=20/20 (Dilated Peoples)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stunts,_Blunts_and_Hip_Hop=Stunts, Blunts and Hip Hop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temperamental_(Everything_but_the_Girl_album)=Temperamental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litfiba_3=Litfiba 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_VIIth_Coming=The VIIth Coming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorcerer_(soundtrack)=Sorcerer (Tangerine Dream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Star_(Entombed_album)=Morning Star (Entombed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thief_(soundtrack)=Thief (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Road_(album)=Golden Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me,_Myself_&_I_(album)=Me, Myself & I (Fat Joe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changestwobowie=ChangesTwoBowie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_from_the_Dead_(Obituary_album)=Back from the Dead (Obituary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_(Gang_of_Four_album)=Hard (Gang of Four)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Funky_Man=Return of the Funky Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Lessons_Learned=Five Lessons Learned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awakening_(Lord_Finesse_album)=The Awakening (Lord Finesse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.I.T.C._(album)=D.I.T.C. (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uprising_(Entombed_album)=Uprising (Entombed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Stereophonic_Sound_Spectacular=A New Stereophonic Sound Spectacular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Palladium_(Bad_Religion_DVD)=Live at the Palladium (Bad Religion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/17_RE=17 re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desaparecido_(album)=Desaparecido (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Page=Another Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Live_Magick=Dark Live Magick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_Rock_You=Let Me Rock You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Orbit_(September_album)=In Orbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/September_(2004_album)=September (2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAK_(EP)=GAK (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundo_de_Cristal=Mundo de cristal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland_(album)=Poland (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lively_Mind=A Lively Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roll_with_It_(album)=Roll with It (album Steve Winwood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_the_High_Life=Back in the High Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_Back_to_the_Night=Talking Back to the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockology=Rockology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essere_o_sembrare=Essere o sembrare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Wheels=Human Wheels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_of_Fame=The Price of Fame (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Our_Eyes=Open Our Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Wave_Hot_Dogs=New Wave Hot Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Workshop=Devil's Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/President_Yo_La_Tengo=President Yo La Tengo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fakebook_(album)=Fakebook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shorty_the_Pimp=Shorty the Pimp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Collection_of_Pop_Classics=A Collection of Pop Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_You_Went_Away:_The_Best_of_M2M=The Day You Went Away: The Best of M2M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Funeral_Album=The Funeral Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_the_Music_Play_(Barry_White_album)=Let the Music Play (album Barry White)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Ancient_Muse=An Ancient Muse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Time_You_Say_Goodbye=Every Time You Say Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Black_Francis=Frank Black Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_I_Sing_with_Me=May I Sing with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasure_Victim=Pleasure Victim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gob_(Gob_album)=Gob (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Wind_(album)=Desert Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cougar_(album)=John Cougar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Soul_(Coolio_album)=My Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Element_of_Surprise=The Element of Surprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Not_Afraid_of_You_and_I_Will_Beat_Your_Ass=I Am Not Afraid of You and I Will Beat Your Ass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_(Public_Image_Ltd_album)=9 (Public Image Ltd.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Clip:_A_Decade_of_Gang_Starr=Full Clip: A Decade of Gang Starr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_(Al_Stewart_album)=Orange (Al Stewart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_(The_Animals_album)=Love Is (The Animals)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encore:_Live_in_Concert=Encore: Live in Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electric_Prunes_(album)=I Had Too Much to Dream (Last Night)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_(The_Human_League_album)=Secrets (The Human League)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octopus_(The_Human_League_album)=Octopus (The Human League)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romantic%3F=Romantic?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusted_Angel=Rusted Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Charles_at_Newport=Ray Charles at Newport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciara:_The_Evolution=Ciara: The Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restless_and_Wild=Restless and Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balls_to_the_Wall=Balls to the Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icon_(Paradise_Lost_album)=Icon (Paradise Lost)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_to_the_People_(Poison_album)=Power to the People (Poison)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Ballads_&_Blues=Best of Ballads & Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasure_&_Pain_(112_album)=Pleasure & Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Part_III=Part III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_&_Wet=Hot & Wet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Chisel_(album)=Cold Chisel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worship_Him=Worship Him
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Era_One=Era One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meltdown_(Vinnie_Moore_album)=Meltdown (Vinnie Moore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Call_of_the_Wood=The Call of the Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacro_Culto=Sacro Culto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardust_We_Are=Stardust We Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flower_Power_(The_Flower_Kings_album)=Flower Power (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfold_the_Future=Unfold the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Origin_(Origin_album)=Origin (Origin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doris_Day_Christmas_Album=The Doris Day Christmas Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheetah_Girls_(soundtrack)=The Cheetah Girls (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_3=Focus III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spilling_Blood_in_8_mm=Spilling Blood in 8 mm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Dream=Western Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Message_in_a_Box:_The_Complete_Recordings=Message in a Box: The Complete Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invincible_(Five_album)=Invincible (5ive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Cannon_(album)=Nick Cannon (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helvete_(album)=Helvete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternity_(Freedom_Call_album)=Eternity (Freedom Call)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocktails_(album)=Cocktails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gettin'_It_(Album_Number_Ten)=Gettin' It (Album Number Ten)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Stay_Away=Can't Stay Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Nasty=You Nasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_the_Cat=Chase the Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Energy_(The_Supremes_album)=High Energy (album The Supremes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Supremes_(1975_album)=The Supremes (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dedication_(Bay_City_Rollers_album)=Dedication (album Bay City Rollers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asphyx_(album)=Asphyx (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antithesis_of_Light=Antithesis of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quietus_(album)=Quietus (Evoken)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Steele_(album)=Virgin Steele (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Shooter_(James_Gang_album)=Straight Shooter (James Gang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_with_Two_Beasts=Back with Two Beasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Runaway_Found=The Runaway Found
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nux_Vomica=Nux Vomica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Wars_in_Osyrhia=Of Wars in Osyrhia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overloaded:_The_Singles_Collection=Overloaded: The Singles Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nearly_Lost_You_(album)=Nearly Lost You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary,_Scherrie_&_Susaye=Mary, Scherrie & Susaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Supremes_Live!_In_Japan=The Supremes Live! In Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ys_(Joanna_Newsom_album)=Ys (Joanna Newsom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Time_Goes_By_(Bryan_Ferry_album)=As Time Goes By (Bryan Ferry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimson_Glory_(album)=Crimson Glory (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Streets=These Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Winwood_(album)=Steve Winwood (album 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12%22ers=12"ers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Old_Road=This Old Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Rotten_LP=Dirty Rotten LP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Above_the_Weeping_World=Above the Weeping World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Caesar_(album)=Julius Caesar (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Supremes_Produced_and_Arranged_by_Jimmy_Webb=The Supremes Produced and Arranged by Jimmy Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floy_Joy_(album)=Floy Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fired_Up_(Alesha_album)=Fired Up (Alesha Dixon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_II=Moving Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrash_Zone=Thrash Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Tree=The Magnificent Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(A)_Senile_Animal=(A) Senile Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_One_(Sleep_album)=Volume One (Sleep)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Uranus=Live from Uranus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thuggin'_Under_the_Influence_(T.U.I.)=Thuggin' Under the Influence (T.U.I.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Magic=True Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_Kitten_(album)=Atomic Kitten (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undiscovered_(James_Morrison_album)=Undiscovered (album James Morrison)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Land_of_Hi-Fi_(Patti_Page_album)=In the Land of Hi-Fi (Patti Page)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secondhand_Daylight=Secondhand Daylight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_(Obituary_album)=Dead (Obituary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Frail_Wings_of_Vanity_and_Wax=On Frail Wings of Vanity and Wax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Fuel=The Best of Fuel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rainmaker_(album)=The Rainmaker (The Flower Kings)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retropolis=Retropolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livin'_Inside_Your_Love=Livin' Inside Your Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhymes_&_Reasons_(Carole_King_album)=Rhymes & Reasons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Cry_Now=Don't Cry Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faces_(Earth,_Wind_&_Fire_album)=Faces (album Earth, Wind & Fire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cage_(Tygers_of_Pan_Tang_album)=The Cage (Tygers of Pan Tang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Stops_for_Tea=Everything Stops for Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exies_(album)=The Exies (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swingin'_Utters_(album)=$wingin' Utter$ (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duotones=Duotones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_chansons_en_or=Les chansons en or
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incognito_(Celine_Dion_album)=Incognito (album Céline Dion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_to_Win=Live to Win
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Celine_Dion=The Best Of (Céline Dion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Healer_(album)=The Healer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronger_Than_Pride=Stronger Than Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_(soundtrack)=Rush (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Nights=24 Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somethin's_Happening=Somethin's Happening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frampton's_Camel=Frampton's Camel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_the_Poison=Before the Poison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Versions:_The_Essential_Duran_Duran=Night Versions: The Essential Duran Duran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthology_(Obituary_album)=Anthology (Obituary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Empire=Crystal Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Kweller_(album)=Ben Kweller (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subterranea_(album)=Subterranea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deliver_Us_from_Evil_(Budgie_album)=Deliver Us from Evil (Budgie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Bing:_Song_Hits_of_Paris=Le Bing: Song Hits of Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldhead_Slick_&_da_Click=Baldhead Slick & Da Click
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survive_(Nuclear_Assault_album)=Survive (Nuclear Assault)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_Live=Lovers Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slave_to_the_Rhythm_(album)=Slave to the Rhythm (album Grace Jones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orphans:_Brawlers,_Bawlers_&_Bastards=Orphans: Brawlers, Bawlers & Bastards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plea_for_Peace_(EP)=Plea for Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_Away_(album)=Falling Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_of_the_Snake=Blood of the Snake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illmatic=Illmatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konvicted=Konvicted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Days_of_Christmas=8 Days of Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_a_Dive_(Swingin'_Utters_album)=Live in a Dive: $wingin' Utter$
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Having_a_Party_(Chips_album)=Having a Party (Chips)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_the_Ivory_Plains=The Battle of the Ivory Plains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy_(Dragonland_album)=Astronomy (Dragonland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Map_of_What_Is_Effortless=Map of What Is Effortless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Parade=The Black Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathless_(Camel_album)=Breathless (album Camel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rembrandts_(album)=The Rembrandts (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luchando_por_el_Metal=Luchando por el metal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Jagged_Era=A Jagged Era
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Fillmore_East,_March_7,_1970:_It's_About_that_Time=Live at the Fillmore East, March 7, 1970: It's About That Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_for_Ever=Charlotte for Ever (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Herbs,_Vols._5_&_6=Special Herbs, Vols. 5 & 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5:55=5:55
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Work_Which_Transforms_God=The Work Which Transforms God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Herbs,_Vol._4=Special Herbs, Vol. 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeless_(Sarah_Brightman_album)=Timeless (Sarah Brightman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magician_Among_the_Spirits=Magician Among the Spirits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Box_of_Birds=A Box of Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.E._Heartbreak=J.E. Heartbreak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagged_Little_Thrill=Jagged Little Thrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Sessions_(The_Who_album)=BBC Sessions (The Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_(Jagged_Edge_album)=Hard (Jagged Edge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagged_Edge_(Jagged_Edge_album)=Jagged Edge (Jagged Edge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Is_Violent,_All_Is_Bright=All Is Violent, All Is Bright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Moment_of_Stillness=A Moment of Stillness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Social_Grace=A Social Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aerosol_Grey_Machine=The Aerosol Grey Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Herbs,_Vol._3=Special Herbs, Vol. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Davis_at_Fillmore=Miles Davis at Fillmore: Live at the Fillmore East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_in_the_U.K.=Born in the U.K.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Jack_Johnson_Sessions=The Complete Jack Johnson Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Herbs,_Vol._2=Special Herbs, Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Utopia=Black Utopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mythology_(Derek_Sherinian_album)=Mythology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Herbs,_Vol._1=Special Herbs, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville_Rebel=Nashville Rebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Fin_De_Los_Inicuos=El fin de los inicuos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_from_Songwriter=Music from Songwriter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_&_Sky_(album)=Earth & Sky (Graham Nash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_for_the_Road_(The_Kinks_album)=One for the Road (The Kinks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murs_3:16:_The_9th_Edition=Murs 3:16: The 9th Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_of_the_Brave_(soundtrack)=Home of the Brave (Laurie Anderson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloody_Tourists=Bloody Tourists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underground_Kingz=Underground Kingz (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV:_TRL_Christmas=MTV: TRL Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_(Ayumi_Hamasaki_album)=Secret (Ayumi Hamasaki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Depeche_Mode_Volume_1=The Best of Depeche Mode, Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_of_the_Common_People_(album)=Love of the Common People (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocent_Eyes_(Graham_Nash_album)=Innocent Eyes (Graham Nash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ad_Majorem_Sathanas_Gloriam=Ad Majorem Sathanas Gloriam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviones_de_cristal=Aviones de cristal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Chapter_(The_Mission_album)=The First Chapter (The Mission)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Own_Medicine=God's Own Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_for_Survivors=Songs for Survivors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Everything=Hello Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannonball_(album)=Cannonball (Pat Green)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_the_Beginning_(God_Is_an_Astronaut_album)=The End of the Beginning (God Is an Astronaut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_7th_Blues=The 7th Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alli_Mia_Fora_(Antique_album)=Allī mia fora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jibbs_Featuring_Jibbs=Jibbs feat. Jibbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Society_(album)=Secret Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirens_(It_Dies_Today_album)=Sirens (It Dies Today)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogg_Chit=Dogg Chit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_(The_Mission_album)=Children (The Mission)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masque_(The_Mission_album)=Masque (The Mission)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carved_in_Sand=Carved in Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Mundo_Se_Equivoca=El mundo se equivoca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queens_of_Noise=Queens of Noise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Runaways_(album)=The Runaways (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Record_(Van_der_Graaf_Generator_album)=World Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Present_(Van_der_Graaf_Generator_album)=Present (Van der Graaf Generator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Daylight_Dies=As Daylight Dies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grass_Is_Greener_(album)=The Grass Is Greener (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_Making_Sense_(album)=Stop Making Sense (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thug_Stories=Thug Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Steely_Dan_album)=Greatest Hits (Steely Dan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Steely_Dan=Citizen Steely Dan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young,_Fly_&_Flashy,_Vol._1=Young, Fly & Flashy, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_(Steely_Dan_album)=Gold (Steely Dan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lights_Out_(Sugarcult_album)=Lights Out (Sugarcult)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_(Whodini_album)=Escape (Whodini)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Vinyl_Weighs_a_Ton=My Vinyl Weighs a Ton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_(t.A.T.u._album)=The Best (t.A.T.u.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Si_monvmentvm_reqvires,_circvmspice=Si Monvmentvm Reqvires, Circvmspice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inquisitors_of_Satan=Inquisitors of Satan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infernal_Battles=Infernal Battles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wincing_the_Night_Away=Wincing the Night Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Rainbow=The Very Best of Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noch_(album)=Noč'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_the_Rainbow:_The_Anthology=Catch the Rainbow: The Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Red=Bright Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ugly_One_with_the_Jewels=The Ugly One with the Jewels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Munich_1977=Live in Munich 1977
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_New_York_(Laurie_Anderson_album)=Live in New York (Laurie Anderson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portfolio_(Grace_Jones_album)=Portfolio (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Toys_(album)=Dangerous Toys (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crispy_Park=Crispy Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circle_of_Life_(album)=The Circle of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_to_Burn_(Giant_album)=Time to Burn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Sogno=Il Sogno (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/99_Luftballons_(album)=99 Luftballons (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Richest_Man_in_Babylon_(album)=The Richest Man in Babylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Lethal=Street Lethal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Heat=Second Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh!_Gravity.=Oh! Gravity.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_Difficulties_(Racer_X_album)=Technical Difficulties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowball_of_Doom=Snowball of Doom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Can't_All_Be_Zingers=They Can't All Be Zingers: The Best of Primus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superheroes_(Racer_X_album)=Superheroes (Racer X)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shades_of_Purple=Shades of Purple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Now..._The_Runaways=And Now... The Runaways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pac's_Life=Pac's Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternally_Yours_(album)=Eternally Yours (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nerve_Agents_(EP)=The Nerve Agents (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Room=The Big Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_God_and_Country_(Good_Riddance_album)=For God and Country (Good Riddance)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Comprehensive_Guide_to_Moderne_Rebellion=A Comprehensive Guide to Moderne Rebellion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stones_(Neil_Diamond_album)=Stones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rag_and_Bone_Buffet:_Rare_Cuts_and_Leftovers=Rag & Bone Buffet: Rare Cuts & Leftovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballads_from_the_Revolution=Ballads from the Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Phoenix_(album)=Operation Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phenomenon_of_Craving=The Phenomenon of Craving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Put_Up_or_Shut_Up=Put Up or Shut Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_from_the_Wells_of_Home=Water from the Wells of Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Absence_of_Truth=In the Absence of Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cult_of_Luna_(album)=Cult of Luna (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Supremes_at_the_Copa=The Supremes at the Copa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Christmas_(The_Supremes_album)=Merry Christmas (The Supremes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symptoms_of_a_Leveling_Spirit=Symptoms of a Leveling Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bound_by_Ties_of_Blood_and_Affection=Bound by Ties of Blood and Affection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Republic=My Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unissued_Johnny_Cash=The Unissued Johnny Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_&_June=Johnny & June
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Got_a_New_Disguise:_The_Very_Best_of_Aerosmith=Devil's Got a New Disguise - The Very Best of Aerosmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loose_Salute=Loose Salute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prehistoric_Sounds=Prehistoric Sounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Filthy_Tongue_of_Gods_and_Griots=From Filthy Tongue of Gods and Griots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Nova_(album)=Heavy Nova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enjoy_the_Ride_(Sugarland_album)=Enjoy the Ride (Sugarland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desire_(Pharoahe_Monch_album)=Desire (Pharoahe Monch)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Kingdom_of_Kitsch_You_Will_Be_a_Monster=In the Kingdom of Kitsch You Will Be a Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Ragged_People_Go=Where the Ragged People Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Remedy_(Boyz_II_Men_album)=The Remedy (Boyz II Men)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_(Vanessa_Hudgens_album)=V (Vanessa Hudgens)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prayers_&_Observations=Prayers & Observations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_Holly_(album)=Buddy Holly (Buddy Holly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sailor_Not_the_Sea=The Sailor Not the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Second_(Paradise_Lost_album)=One Second (Paradise Lost)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempest_(UK_band)=Tempest (gruppo musicale britannico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muse_(Grace_Jones_album)=Muse (Grace Jones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautifully_Human:_Words_and_Sounds_Vol._2=Beautifully Human: Words and Sounds Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_So:_On=And So: On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coast_to_Coast_(Westlife_album)=Coast to Coast (Westlife)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tramp_Shining=A Tramp Shining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reproduction_(album)=Reproduction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believe_You_Me=Believe You Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dingly_Dell=Dingly Dell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Past=Future Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel_Sister_(Pentangle_album)=Cruel Sister (Pentangle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrenaline_Rush_2007=Adrenaline Rush 2007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CPR_(album)=CPR (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Closer_(Linda_Ronstadt_album)=Get Closer (Linda Ronstadt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Supremes_Sing_Rodgers_&_Hart=The Supremes Sing Rodgers & Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(The_Supremes_album)=Greatest Hits (The Supremes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starfall_(album)=Starfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mange_Tout=Mange Tout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falta_Amor=Falta amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolverlution=Revolverlution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(MC_Hammer_album)=Greatest Hits (MC Hammer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Legit_to_Quit=Too Legit to Quit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hits_(MC_Hammer_album)=The Hits (MC Hammer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Poet's_Life=A Poet's Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permanent_(Joy_Division_album)=Permanent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spitfire_(Jefferson_Starship_album)=Spitfire (Jefferson Starship)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blood_Is_Strong=The Blood Is Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Quit_Your_Day_Job!=Don't Quit Your Day Job!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Takes_a_Thief_(album)=It Takes a Thief (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Static_Lullaby_(album)=A Static Lullaby (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worst_of_Jefferson_Airplane=The Worst of Jefferson Airplane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis_Rising=Atlantis Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangre_Latina=Sangre latina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honky_Tonk_Angels=Honky Tonk Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Waylon_Jennings=The Best of Waylon Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Kelly_(soundtrack)=Ned Kelly (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Get_It_Started_(album)=Let's Get It Started (MC Hammer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Society_(soundtrack)=High Society (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Product=Return of the Product
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_My_Power=Feel My Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Wishes_(Cro-Mags_album)=Best Wishes (Cro-Mags)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sittin'_Fat_Down_South=Sittin' Fat Down South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Ballin=Back to Ballin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remains_(Alkaline_Trio_album)=Remains (Alkaline Trio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero,_Hero=Hero, Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrounded_by_Thieves=Surrounded by Thieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Heart=Metal Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visions_of_Eden=Visions of Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deuce_(Rory_Gallagher_album)=Deuce (Rory Gallagher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Sepultura=The Best of Sepultura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Past_Is_Alive_(The_Early_Mischief)=The Past Is Alive (The Early Mischief)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Gave_All=Some Gave All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Poland_(Emerson,_Lake_&_Palmer_album)=Live in Poland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Like_Neon_Love=Bright Like Neon Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regeneration_(The_Divine_Comedy_album)=Regeneration (The Divine Comedy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/702_(album)=702 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Compact_XTC=The Compact XTC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamgirls:_Music_from_the_Motion_Picture=Dreamgirls: Music from the Motion Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_Is_Back!=Elvis Is Back!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirror_Moves=Mirror Moves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkeology_(The_Ark_album)=Arkeology - The Complete Singles Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Benjamin_(EP)=Breaking Benjamin EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Apples_(album)=Silver Apples (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Alive=Live Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(Lionel_Richie_album)=Time (Lionel Richie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Concert_(Janis_Joplin_album)=Joplin in Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_a_Recording_(Kevin_Moore_album)=This Is a Recording
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freudiana=Freudiana (The Alan Parsons Project)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Like_Girls_(album)=Boys Like Girls (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Vega_(album)=Suzanne Vega (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cartel:_The_Big_Boss=El cartel: The Big Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limping_for_a_Generation=Limping for a Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Magic_(The_Blow_Monkeys_album)=Animal Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Live=The Art of Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Was_Only_a_Grocer's_Daughter=She Was Only a Grocer's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whoops!_There_Goes_the_Neighbourhood=Whoops! There Goes the Neighbourhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Van_Morrison=The Best of Van Morrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_the_Morning=See the Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transcendence_(Crimson_Glory_album)=Transcendence (Crimson Glory)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Stills_Live=Stephen Stills Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_by_Thug_Demand=Back by Thug Demand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_from_Mecca=Return from Mecca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Lolli=The Lost Lolli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Priestess_of_Soul=High Priestess of Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_All_Out=Let It All Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Lonely_Soul=Another Lonely Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pastel_Blues=Pastel Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monkey_Puzzle_(The_Saints_album)=The Monkey Puzzle (The Saints)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultans_of_Swing:_The_Very_Best_of_Dire_Straits=Sultans of Swing: The Very Best of Dire Straits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Freaks=Twin Freaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Insurrection=Live Insurrection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Life_(Wayne_Shorter_album)=High Life (Wayne Shorter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Type_O_Negative=The Best of Type O Negative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cured_(album)=Cured (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Tight=Super Tight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridin'_Dirty=Ridin' Dirty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Creatures_(album)=Beautiful Creatures (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deuce_(Beautiful_Creatures_album)=Deuce (Beautiful Creatures)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waitin'_for_the_Night=Waitin' for the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethere=Ethere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterday_(Grave_Digger_EP)=Yesterday (Grave Digger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pick_of_Destiny=The Pick of Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Man_Standing_(Jerry_Lee_Lewis_album)=Last Man Standing (Jerry Lee Lewis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stills_(Stephen_Stills_album)=Stills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Europe_(Rory_Gallagher_album)=Live in Europe (Rory Gallagher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wave_on_Wave=Wave on Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Twice_Shy=...Twice Shy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Destroy_a_Relationship=How to Destroy a Relationship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illegal_Stills=Illegal Stills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoroughfare_Gap=Thoroughfare Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Pilots=We Are Pilots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_by_You=Right by You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Train_of_Thought_(Reflection_Eternal_album)=Train of Thought (Reflection Eternal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilltown,_New_York=Chilltown, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestial_(RBD_album)=Celestial (album RBD)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Say_Can_You_Scream=Oh Say Can You Scream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Things_Remixes=Simple Things Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believe_in_Me_(Duff_McKagan_album)=Believe in Me (Duff McKagan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Light_(Gloria_Estefan_album)=Into the Light (Gloria Estefan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Top_of_the_World_(album)=On Top of the World (8Ball & MJG)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hissing_Fauna,_Are_You_the_Destroyer%3F=Hissing Fauna, Are You the Destroyer?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parade_of_the_Athletes=Parade of the Athletes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Word_from_the_Wise=A Word from the Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innamoramento=Innamoramento (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Fools_Day_(album)=All Fools Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avant_que_l'ombre...=Avant que l'ombre...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Mots_(album)=Les Mots (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_the_World_(album)=We Are the World (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mylenium_Tour=Mylenium Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silk_&_Soul=Silk & Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_(album)=Jay (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1999_(Cassius_album)=1999 (Cassius)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Feel_Gone=Still Feel Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Controllo_del_livello_di_rombo=Controllo del livello di rombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stam1na_(album)=Stam1na (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dig_It_(Klaus_Schulze_album)=Dig It (Klaus Schulze)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/15_Again=15 Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_The_Native_Americans=Music for the Native Americans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnavas=Carnavas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vintage_Violence=Vintage Violence (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignorance_(album)=Ignorance (Sacred Reich)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway-Blues-Ballads=Broadway-Blues-Ballads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Have_Some_Fun=I Wanna Have Some Fun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exhumed_of_the_Earth=Exhumed of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undead_(Ten_Years_After_album)=Undead (Ten Years After)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hits_Collection_(video)=The Hits Collection (Prince)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamonds_and_Pearls_Video_Collection=Diamonds and Pearls Video Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Album_(Westlife_album)=The Love Album (Westlife)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Suite_(The_Rascals_album)=Freedom Suite (The Rascals)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peaceful_World_(album)=Peaceful World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Bars=Back to the Bars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_for_the_Road_(April_Wine_album)=One for the Road (April Wine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Tricks_(album)=New Tricks (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coltrane's_Sound=Coltrane's Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Likwidation=Likwidation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X.O._Experience=X.O. Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firewater_(Tha_Alkaholiks_album)=Firewater (Tha Alkaholiks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faces_&_Names=Faces & Names
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Gold:_The_Best_of_Soul_Asylum=Black Gold: The Best of Soul Asylum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Girls_Aloud:_The_Greatest_Hits=The Sound of Girls Aloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_Your_Hands_Off_My_Power_Supply=Keep Your Hands Off My Power Supply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters_and_Robots=Monsters and Robots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_12-5-87_(Aprite_i_vostri_occhi)=12-5-87 (aprite i vostri occhi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirata_(album)=Pirata (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colma_(album)=Colma (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamatorium=Dreamatorium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_(Donna_Summer_album)=Once Upon a Time (album Donna Summer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_Live_(Rod_Stewart_album)=Absolutely Live (Rod Stewart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soundtracks_for_the_Blind=Soundtracks for the Blind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbra_Joan_Streisand_(album)=Barbra Joan Streisand (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angst_(soundtrack)=Angst (Klaus Schulze)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_for_You_(Lionel_Richie_album)=Just for You (album Lionel Richie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louder_Than_Words_(album)=Louder Than Words (Lionel Richie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chef_Aid:_The_South_Park_Album=Chef Aid: The South Park Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dish_of_the_Day_(album)=Dish of the Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BYO_Split_Series_Volume_V=BYO Split Series, Vol. 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clothes_Drop=Clothes Drop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westlife_(album)=Westlife (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Our_Own=World of Our Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turnaround_(Westlife_album)=Turnaround (Westlife)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Cuesta_College=Live at Cuesta College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wunschkind=Wunschkind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oath_Bound=Oath Bound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jul_i_Betlehem=Jul i Betlehem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_Love_Outlaws_(Waylon_Jennings_album)=Ladies Love Outlaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ample_Destruction=Ample Destruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Waters=On the Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulletproof_Heart=Bulletproof Heart (Grace Jones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_for_the_Taking=Life for the Taking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Coma=Angel Coma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Other_Cup=An Other Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamland_(Joni_Mitchell_album)=Dreamland (Joni Mitchell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_(Boris_album)=Pink (Boris)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Son=Irish Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Freddie_Mercury_Album=The Freddie Mercury Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closer_to_the_Stars:_Best_of_the_Twin/Tone_Years=Closer to the Stars: Best of the Twin/Tone Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friend_Opportunity=Friend Opportunity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracy_(Junior_M.A.F.I.A._album)=Conspiracy (Junior M.A.F.I.A.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Kiss,_Volume_3:_The_Millennium_Collection=The Best of Kiss, Volume 3: The Millennium Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword's_Song=Sword's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Studio=In the Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Memory=In My Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defekt=Defekt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heading_for_Tomorrow=Heading for Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Sleep_When_You're_Dead=I'll Sleep When You're Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Score_and_Seven_Years_Ago=Five Score and Seven Years Ago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemically_Imbalanced_(Ying_Yang_Twins_album)=Chemically Imbalanced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_&_Monk_at_Newport=Miles & Monk at Newport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Do_Fools_Fall_in_Love_(album)=Why Do Fools Fall in Love (album Diana Ross)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silk_Electric=Silk Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Try_This_with_Your_Eyes_Closed=Try This with Your Eyes Closed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyranny_of_Beauty=Tyranny of Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genocide_&_Juice=Genocide & Juice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Town_Girl_(album)=Small Town Girl (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerosene_(album)=Kerosene (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Meaning=The Blue Meaning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthem_(Toyah_album)=Anthem (Toyah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valotte=Valotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Changeling_(album)=The Changeling (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Red_on_a_Rose=Like Red on a Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Weekend_in_the_City=A Weekend in the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Stars_and_Boulevards=All the Stars and Boulevards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Flood:_Live_from_the_Grand_Forks_Prom,_June_28,_1997=After the Flood: Live from the Grand Forks Prom, June 28, 1997
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverbeet_(album)=Silverbeet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_of_Troy_(album)=Helen of Troy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabotage/Live=Sabotage/Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honi_Soit_(album)=Honi Soit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Cold_Winter's_Night=One Cold Winter's Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Nina_Simone=The Amazing Nina Simone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Paris_to_Berlin_(album)=From Paris to Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honky_Tonk_Heroes=Honky Tonk Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Come_(Jay-Z_album)=Kingdom Come (Jay-Z)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gospel_Collection=The Gospel Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...For_the_Kids_(Gym_Class_Heroes_album)=... For the Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_in_the_Ocean=Motion in the Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Sac_des_Filles=Le Sac des filles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chameleon_in_the_Shadow_of_the_Night=Chameleon in the Shadow of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Bad_for_No_Tour=Not Bad for No Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prostitute_(Toyah_album)=Prostitute (Toyah Willcox)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dying_for_It=Dying for It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Masters=Original Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_the_Same..._Great_Rock_Classics_of_Our_Time=Still the Same... Great Rock Classics of Our Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_&_Beautiful_(Kate_Alexa_album)=Broken & Beautiful (Kate Alexa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Hear%3F=Look Hear?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Out_of_10=Ten Out of 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Set=All Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Twisted_Christmas=A Twisted Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Babbacombe%22_Lee=''Babbacombe'' Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_a_Gun_(EP)=Son of a Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter*Face=Inter*Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Slunk_Scene=Crime Slunk Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiritual_Unity=Spiritual Unity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_(Damien_Rice_album)=9 (Damien Rice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTR_(album)=GTR (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4,5,6=4,5,6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chariots_of_Fire_(album)=Chariots of Fire (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_the_UK_Sept./2006=Live from the UK Sept./2006
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanna_Be_Your_Joe=Wanna Be Your Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Rock_(album)=Modern Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Horses_(album)=Fresh Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Stills:_The_Best_of_Stephen_Stills=Still Stills: The Best of Stephen Stills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soft_Bomb=Soft Bomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_(Crosby,_Stills,_Nash_&_Young_album)=Carry On (Crosby, Stills & Nash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Remixes_Collection=The Greatest Remixes Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Robot=The Day of the Robot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macalla=Macalla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KFC_Skin_Piles=KFC Skin Piles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Tears=Electric Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucketheadland_2=Bucketheadland 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windows_in_the_Jungle=Windows in the Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Population_Override=Population Override
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cuckoo_Clocks_of_Hell=The Cuckoo Clocks of Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inbred_Mountain=Inbred Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Hours_at_Hammersmith=Final Hours at Hammersmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_(Michael_W._Smith_album)=Stand (Michael W. Smith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Burrito_Bros_(album)=The Flying Burrito Bros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pre-Creedence=Pre-Creedence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Profundis_(Vader_album)=De Profundis (Vader)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blessing_in_Disguise_(Metal_Church_album)=Blessing in Disguise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Fly_(album)=Dragon Fly (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleidoscope_World_(The_Chills_album)=Kaleidoscope World (The Chills)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_Words=Brave Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Meanwhile=...Meanwhile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhapsodies_(album)=Rhapsodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Simone_at_Town_Hall=Nina Simone at Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadwork_(album)=Roadwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Winter=Second Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Retrospective_(Saetia_album)=A Retrospective (Saetia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Escondido=The Road to Escondido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Than_Heaven=Better Than Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Again=Flying Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Concert_(Creedence_Clearwater_Revival_album)=The Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Friends_of_Mr_Cairo=The Friends of Mr. Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Budden_(album)=Joe Budden (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_of_No_Reply=Time of No Reply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_to_Breathe_(Reba_McEntire_album)=Room to Breathe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirror_Mirror_(10cc_album)=Mirror Mirror (10cc)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Divided=So Divided
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badfoot_Brown_&_the_Bunions_Bradford_Funeral_&_Marching_Band=Badfoot Brown & the Bunions Bradford Funeral & Marching Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Earth_(album)=Mission Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucidity_(album)=Lucidity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mane_Attraction=Mane Attraction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portraits_(So_Long_Ago,_So_Clear)=Portraits (So Long Ago, So Clear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceanic_(Vangelis_album)=Oceanic (Vangelis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_or_Something_Like_It=Love or Something Like It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_Avenue=Natural Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopes,_Wishes_and_Dreams=Hopes, Wishes and Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songwriter_(Justin_Hayward_album)=Songwriter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moving_Mountains_(Justin_Hayward_album)=Moving Mountains (Justin Hayward)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Promise_(Mike_Pinder_album)=The Promise (Michael Pinder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicle,_Vol._1=Chronicle, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turtles_Present_the_Battle_of_the_Bands=The Turtles Present the Battle of the Bands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silk_Purse_(Linda_Ronstadt_album)=Silk Purse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_of_Rock=The Gift of Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warm_Leatherette_(album)=Warm Leatherette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unchain_My_Heart_(album)=Unchain My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorgeous_George_(album)=Gorgeous George (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_1_(album)=Studio 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina's_Choice=Nina's Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Watch_the_Storms=To Watch the Storms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_Worm_Saloon=Independent Worm Saloon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Time=In My Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optimystique=Optimystique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Sin_(Pandora's_Box_album)=Original Sin (Pandora's Box)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niki_Nana=Niki Nana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_in_the_World:_Non-Stop_Special_Remix/Alyssa's_Singles=The Best in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflections_of_Passion=Reflections of Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Cosby_Is_Not_Himself_These_Days=Bill Cosby Is Not Himself These Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arriving_Somewhere...=Arriving Somewhere...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Celebration_of_Life=In Celebration of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_in_My_Heart=Look in My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En=Trance=En=Trance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Party_Scene=The Party Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribute_(Yanni_album)=Tribute (Yanni)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Could_Tell_You=If I Could Tell You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_and_Fall,_Rage_and_Grace=Rise and Fall, Rage and Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadir's_Big_Chance=Nadir's Big Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yours_Truly,_Angry_Mob=Yours Truly, Angry Mob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Rock_the_Jukebox=Don't Rock the Jukebox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Revolution=Weird Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighter/Later:_A_Duncan_Sheik_Anthology=Brighter/Later: A Duncan Sheik Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hustler's_P.O.M.E._(Product_of_My_Environment)=Hustler's P.O.M.E. (Product of My Environment)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.A.R.S._The_Barry_Adrian_Reese_Story=B.A.R.S. The Barry Adrian Reese Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_of_the_Wild_(Ted_Nugent_and_the_Amboy_Dukes_album)=Call of the Wild (Ted Nugent & the Amboy Dukes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alternative_(album)=The Alternative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2000_(album)=2000 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Understand_This=Understand This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Cowboys=Wild Cowboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_State_of_New_York_vs._Derek_Murphy=The State of New York vs. Derek Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experience_&_Education=Experience & Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffocation_(album)=Suffocation (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_Station_Years:_The_Unreleased_Recordings=The Power Station Years: The Unreleased Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beside_You_in_Time=Beside You in Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt_Central_(album)=Egypt Central (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_Revival=Good Morning Revival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_Therapy_(Dope_album)=Group Therapy (Dope)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe_(Planet_X_album)=Universe (Planet X)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Foundation_(Geto_Boys_album)=The Foundation (Geto Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Oz=Live from Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MoonBabies=MoonBabies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_It's_Me=Baby It's Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Fillmore_East_(Neil_Young_album)=Live at the Fillmore East (Neil Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_(1978_album)=Ross (album 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Time_I_Saw_Him=Last Time I Saw Him
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaten_Alive_(album)=Eaten Alive (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hot_Rhythm_&_Blues=Red Hot Rhythm & Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workin'_Overtime=Workin' Overtime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biography:_The_Greatest_Hits=Biography - The Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Force_Behind_the_Power=The Force Behind the Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_Higher=Take Me Higher (album Diana Ross)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Day_Is_a_New_Day=Every Day Is a New Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_About_Me%3F_(Kenny_Rogers_album)=What About Me? (album Kenny Rogers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man_(soundtrack)=Dead Man (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anarkophobia=Anarkophobia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino:_Italian_Love_Songs=Dino: Italian Love Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_in_the_Wires=Wind in the Wires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Solution_(Beanie_Sigel_album)=The Solution (Beanie Sigel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Seal_(Rakim_album)=The Seventh Seal (Rakim)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Angel_(album)=Lost Angel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Simone_at_Newport=Nina Simone at Newport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Fruit_(Nina_Simone_album)=Forbidden Fruit (Nina Simone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julefrid_med_Carola=Julefrid med Carola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_7_(album)=The Magnificent 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Mystery_and_Imagination_(Nocturnal_Rites_album)=Tales of Mystery and Imagination (Nocturnal Rites)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Magnificent_Seven=The Return of the Magnificent 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamite_(The_Supremes_and_the_Four_Tops_album)=Dynamite!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_Vol._3_(The_Supremes_album)=Greatest Hits Vol. 3 (The Supremes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderellen=Cinderellen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._Darvill's_Wild_West_Show=B. Darvill's Wild West Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Flicks=Four Flicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symmetric_in_Design=Symmetric in Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Format_(album)=The Format
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Trees_Walking=As Trees Walking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folksy_Nina=Folksy Nina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stick_It_to_Ya=Stick It to Ya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Life_(album)=The Wild Life (Slaughter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Forever=Twisted Forever: A Tribute to the Legendary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimensions_(Freedom_Call_album)=Dimensions (Freedom Call)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temples_of_Ice=Temples of Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_of_the_Sun=Enemy of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_Silver_in_Blood=Through Silver in Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Trouble=Making Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grip_It!_On_That_Other_Level=Grip It! On That Other Level
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till_Death_Do_Us_Part_(Geto_Boys_album)=Till Death Do Us Part (Geto Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_It_Down_(Das_EFX_album)=Hold It Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Good_da_Bad_&_da_Ugly=Da Good da Bad & da Ugly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Charles_and_Betty_Carter=Ray Charles and Betty Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfectly_Frank=Perfectly Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarvis_(album)=Jarvis (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_(soundtrack)=Alexander (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Pipal_Tree=Under the Pipal Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annihilation_Principle=Annihilation Principle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitch_Black_Progress=Pitch Black Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oath_of_Black_Blood=The Oath of Black Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentimentally_Yours=Sentimentally Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora's_Toys=Pandora's Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lament_(Ultravox_album)=Lament (album Ultravox)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits:_The_Atlantic_Years=Greatest Hits: The Atlantic Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Lost_(Symphony_X_album)=Paradise Lost (Symphony X)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Angel_(EP)=My Angel (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cult_(album)=The Cult (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helldorado_(album)=Helldorado (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beginning_of_Survival=The Beginning of Survival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duets:_An_American_Classic=Duets: An American Classic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_'88=Colorado '88
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebels_(album)=Rebels (RBD)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Age_of_the_Sun=Third Age of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Where_the_Shadows_Lie=...Where the Shadows Lie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socialized_Hate=Socialized Hate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violent_by_Nature=Violent By Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Piece_of_Americana=A Piece of Americana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelogue_(Joni_Mitchell_album)=Travelogue (Joni Mitchell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzzcocks_(album)=Buzzcocks (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_a_Prairie_Girl=Songs of a Prairie Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Time_to_Chill=No Time to Chill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_If_It's_You=What If It's You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starting_Over_(Reba_McEntire_album)=Starting Over (Reba McEntire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Fact=Cold Fact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicles_of_the_Juice_Man=Chronicles of the Juice Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Now!_(Remixes_&_Rarities)=Hey Now! (Remixes & Rarities)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_and_Bones_(Foo_Fighters_album)=Skin and Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaw_4_Life:_2005_A.P.=Outlaw 4 Life: 2005 A.P.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Angel_(EP)=Burning Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spock's_Beard_(album)=Spock's Beard (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackfield_(album)=Blackfield (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Gloria_Estefan_album)=Greatest Hits (Gloria Estefan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Band_in_Upperworld=A Band in Upperworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatal_Design=Fatal Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Letting_Go=The Letting Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Paris_(Seal_album)=Live in Paris (Seal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_to_Nassau=Go to Nassau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beat_Goes_On_(Vanilla_Fudge_album)=The Beat Goes On (Vanilla Fudge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Near_the_Beginning=Near the Beginning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuck_World_Trade=Fuck World Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Simone_in_Concert=Nina Simone in Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantronix:_The_Album=Mantronix: The Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whales_&_Nightingales=Whales & Nightingales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_(album)=Judith (Judy Collins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_of_Kings=Bay of Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taste_of_Chocolate=Taste of Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Darkness_(Big_Daddy_Kane_album)=Prince of Darkness (Big Daddy Kane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Madness=Music Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looks_Like_a_Job_For...=Looks Like a Job For...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy's_Home_(Big_Daddy_Kane_album)=Daddy's Home (Big Daddy Kane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veteranz'_Day=Veteranz Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DiEversity=DiEversity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronger_(Agnes_album)=Stronger (Agnes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_This_Moment_On_(album)=From This Moment On (Diana Krall)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_of_One=Circle of One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicious_Cycle_(album)=Vicious Cycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Because_I_Love_It=Because I Love It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Read_My_Mind_(album)=Read My Mind (Reba McEntire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malpractice_(Redman_album)=Malpractice (Redman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fancy_Meeting_You_Here=Fancy Meeting You Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girlie_Show:_Live_Down_Under=The Girlie Show - Live Down Under
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Study_in_Brown=Study in Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Put_a_Spell_on_You_(album)=I Put a Spell on You (album Nina Simone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimmel_(album)=Rimmel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumor_Has_It_(Reba_McEntire_album)=Rumor Has It (album Reba McEntire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Five_(album)=Twenty Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Scene=Behind the Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_to_Heart=Heart to Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/..._and_the_Beat_Goes_On!=...and the Beat Goes On!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/534_(album)=534 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Skin_(Lindsey_Buckingham_album)=Under the Skin (Lindsey Buckingham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc's_da_Name_2000=Doc's da Name 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surf_Nicaragua=Surf Nicaragua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Girl_Blue_(album)=Little Girl Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clown_(album)=The Clown (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_and_Pain=Power and Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insult_to_Injury=Insult to Injury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albertine_(album)=Albertine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Nuff_Said!='Nuff Said!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riot,_Riot,_Upstart=Riot! Riot! Upstart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ars_Longa_Vita_Brevis_(album)=Ars Longa Vita Brevis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_People's_Lives=Other People's Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Life_(Judy_Collins_album)=In My Life (Judy Collins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsize_(Five_album)=Kingsize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_and_God_Are_Raging_Inside_Me=The Devil and God Are Raging Inside Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_Nobody_Worryin'=Ain't Nobody Worryin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soulife=Soulife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Platinum's_on_the_Wall=The Platinum's on the Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cause_for_Alarm_(album)=Cause for Alarm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitting_Targets=Sitting Targets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Hell_or_High_Water=Come Hell or High Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illumination_(Earth,_Wind_&_Fire_album)=Illumination (Earth, Wind & Fire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priceless_(Frankie_J_album)=Priceless (Frankie J)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Crunk_&_BME_Recordings_Present:_Trillville_&_Lil_Scrappy=The King of Crunk & BME Recordings Present: Trillville & Lil Scrappy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Pop=Planet Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Hand_in_Mine=His Hand in Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Fish=More Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erick_Onasis=Erick Onasis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim's_Bio:_Life_from_da_Bassment=Tim's Bio: Life from da Bassment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Our_World=Welcome to Our World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indecent_Proposal_(album)=Indecent Proposal (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Construction,_Part_II=Under Construction, Part II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Anthology_(Angel_album)=An Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_the_Lord_Taught_Us=Songs the Lord Taught Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_How_Much_Longer_Do_We_Tolerate_Mass_Murder%3F=For How Much Longer Do We Tolerate Mass Murder?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Layla_Sessions:_20th_Anniversary_Edition=The Layla Sessions: 20th Anniversary Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Link_(album)=The Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphonie_Celtique=Symphonie celtique-Tír na nÓg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Great_Thou_Art_(Elvis_Presley_album)=How Great Thou Art (Elvis Presley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_the_Day_(album)=This Is the Day (Christy Moore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gashed_Senses_&_Crossfire=Gashed Senses & Crossfire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calm_Before_the_Storm_(Venom_album)=Calm Before the Storm (Venom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweet_Escape=The Sweet Escape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/React_(Erick_Sermon_album)=React (album Erick Sermon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Use_of_Ashes=The Use of Ashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Mortal_Heroes_Sing_Your_Fame=Let Mortal Heroes Sing Your Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Love_Somebody_(album)=To Love Somebody (Nina Simone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Gold_(Nina_Simone_album)=Black Gold (Nina Simone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_(Erick_Sermon_album)=Music (Erick Sermon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_or_Nothing_(Erick_Sermon_album)=Double or Nothing (Erick Sermon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_&_Then_(The_Carpenters_album)=Now & Then (The Carpenters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Lapse=Time Lapse (Steve Hackett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_No_Life_Dwells=Where No Life Dwells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Portrait=Christmas Portrait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Outside_Looking_In=On the Outside Looking In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Age_4_Eva=Space Age 4 Eva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glam_(album)=Glam (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_the_Labyrinth=Songs from the Labyrinth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dusk_(The_The_album)=Dusk (The The)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Offerings=Christmas Offerings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U218_Singles=U218 Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Memory_of_Quorthon=In Memory of Quorthon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kum_Back=Kum Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dol_Guldur_(album)=Dol Guldur (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_a_Long_Goodbye=It's All a Long Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Burrito_Extortion_Case=The Great Burrito Extortion Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_You_I'm_Nothing_(Placebo_album)=Without You I'm Nothing (album Placebo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Live_Record=A Live Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Level_(Blackstreet_album)=Another Level (Blackstreet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctuary_(Simon_Webbe_album)=Sanctuary (Simon Webbe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_of_Love_(album)=The Game of Love (Helena Paparizou)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EV3=EV3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Change_of_Season=Change of Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Haiti:_Creole_101=Welcome to Haiti: Creole 101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bam_Boom=Big Bam Boom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Static=X-Static (Hall & Oates)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_'n_Soul_Part_1=Rock 'n Soul Part 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cities_(Anberlin_album)=Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Root_Down_(EP)=Root Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Reportin'...=Still Reportin'...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_All_Odds_(Tragedy_Khadafi_album)=Against All Odds (Tragedy Khadafi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_Album_About_Love=A Short Album About Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live!_Bootleg=Live! Bootleg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_in_Regret=United in Regret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consider_the_Birds=Consider the Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_You,_I_Love_Your_Soul=Hey You, I Love Your Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woven_Hand_(album)=Woven Hand (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briefcase_Full_of_Blues=Briefcase Full of Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furnished_Souls_for_Rent=Furnished Souls for Rent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sessions_from_Room_4=Sessions from Room 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Chris_Farlowe=The Art of Chris Farlowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Scenes_Inside_the_Gold_Mine=Weird Scenes Inside the Gold Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlem:_Diary_of_a_Summer=Harlem: Diary of a Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_The_Moore=Live at the Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Droolian=Droolian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Tree=The Silver Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ramblin'_Man=The Ramblin' Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreaming_My_Dreams_(Waylon_Jennings_album)=Dreaming My Dreams (Waylon Jennings)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanted!_The_Outlaws=Wanted! The Outlaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackintosh_&_T.J.=Mackintosh and T.J. (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_on_Sunshine_(Eddy_Grant_album)=Walking on Sunshine (album Eddy Grant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waylon_&_Willie=Waylon & Willie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Mansions=White Mansions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_and_a_Man=A Woman and a Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Waylon_Jennings_album)=Greatest Hits (Waylon Jennings)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leather_and_Lace=Leather and Lace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWII_(album)=WWII (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Winter_And=Johnny Winter And
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_of_Anyone_(album)=Army of Anyone (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ol'_Waylon=Ol' Waylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weirdness=The Weirdness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Goes_Around_Comes_Around=What Goes Around Comes Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spitting_Feathers=Spitting Feathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosso_Relativo=Rosso relativo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Winter_(album)=Johnny Winter (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles_(No._1)=The Beatles (No. 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutego=Absolutego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_in_Heat=Boys in Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Big_Live=Mr. Big Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.O.X:_Best_of_X=B.O.X ~Best of X~
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragile_(Saron_Gas_album)=Fragile (Saron Gas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_More_Drifter_in_the_Snow=One More Drifter in the Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_(Kate_Ryan_album)=Alive (Kate Ryan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaughter_in_the_Vatican=Slaughter in the Vatican
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hits_Out_of_Hell=Hits Out of Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Space_in_Time=A Space in Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(Chimaira_album)=Resurrection (album Chimaira)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_Yester_Days=Brave Yester Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_and_Monsters_(I_Am_Kloot_album)=Gods and Monsters (I Am Kloot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Dancer=Slow Dancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Head_Bangerz:_Volume_One=Body Head Bangerz: Volume One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lover_of_Life,_Singer_of_Songs=Lover of Life, Singer of Songs: The Very Best of Freddie Mercury Solo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trey_Day=Trey Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Bites_(album)=Love Bites (Buzzcocks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Is_Money_(Styles_P_album)=Time Is Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Different_Kind_of_Tension=A Different Kind of Tension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight_I'm_Yours=Tonight I'm Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Order_(Rod_Stewart_album)=Out of Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis'_Golden_Records=Elvis' Golden Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trade_Test_Transmissions=Trade Test Transmissions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Unplugged_(Ricky_Martin_album)=MTV Unplugged (Ricky Martin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Up_Sewaside=Straight Up Sewaside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Hard_Rock_Live=MTV Hard Rock Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supersonic_and_Demonic_Relics=Supersonic and Demonic Relics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/48/49=48/49
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carnival_Bizarre=The Carnival Bizarre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/111_Centoundici=111 (Tiziano Ferro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Request_(Boyzone_album)=By Request
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madstock!=Madstock!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shotgun_Justice=Shotgun Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_Land=Legend Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_(Simon_Webbe_album)=Grace (Simon Webbe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_Madness=Complete Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_to_Kill_(album)=Hard to Kill (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_What_You_Want..._This_Is_What_You_Get=This Is What You Want... This Is What You Get
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staind:_The_Videos=Staind: The Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thug_Holiday=Thug Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_EFX=Generation EFX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_(Beatles_album)=LOVE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utter_Madness=Utter Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothic_Kabbalah=Gothic Kabbalah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_X=Song X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chopped,_Screwed,_Live_and_Unglued=Chopped, Screwed, Live and Unglued
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Money_(album)=Dirty Money (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams:_The_Ultimate_Corrs_Collection=Dreams: The Ultimate Corrs Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Solo_Collection=Freddie Mercury Solo Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awakening_(Narnia_album)=Awakening (Narnia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melt_(Straitjacket_Fits_album)=Melt (Straitjacket Fits)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blow_(Straitjacket_Fits_album)=Blow (Straitjacket Fits)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Madness_(album)=Midnight Madness (Night Ranger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pre-Fix_for_Death=The Pre-Fix for Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rumour_(album)=The Rumour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombie_(album)=Zombie (Fela Kuti)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Without_Your_Love=Lost Without Your Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Ludlow_Garage:_1970=Live at Ludlow Garage: 1970
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_We_Do_(album)=How We Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Kiss=Soul Kiss (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_(Earth,_Wind_&_Fire_album)=I Am (Earth, Wind & Fire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicine_Show_(album)=Medicine Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_of_Love=Fire of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HIStory_on_Film,_Volume_II=HIStory on Film, Volume II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Bucharest:_The_Dangerous_Tour=Live in Bucharest: The Dangerous Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous:_The_Short_Films=Dangerous - The Short Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Impact_Will_Be_Felt=Our Impact Will Be Felt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Maps_of_Hell_(Bad_Religion_album)=New Maps of Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walls_Can_Fall=Walls Can Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Victory=Ultimate Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awake_(Josh_Groban_album)=Awake (Josh Groban)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_on_Earth_(Belinda_Carlisle_album)=Heaven on Earth (Belinda Carlisle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Checks_Thugs_and_Rock_n_Roll=Checks Thugs and Rock N Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Some_Go_Again=Get Some Go Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Annihilator=The Great Annihilator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_on_Sunshine_(Katrina_and_the_Waves_album)=Walking on Sunshine (album Katrina and the Waves)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_Your_Letter=Waiting for Your Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Rage_(EP)=All the Rage (Cary Brothers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_from_the_Edge_of_Heaven=Music from the Edge of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strip_(Adam_Ant_album)=Strip (Adam Ant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vive_Le_Rock=Vive le rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Nothin'_to_Somethin'=From Nothin' to Somethin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnya_Carta=Magnya Carta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voila_(album)=Voila (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Leonard_Cohen=The Best of Leonard Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unique_Thelonious_Monk=The Unique Thelonious Monk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Zappa_(album)=Francesco Zappa (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Work_of_Heart=Work of Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_All_New_Arrivals=To All New Arrivals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity_on_High=Infinity on High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Ship_One_(album)=Space Ship One (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nu_Day=A Nu Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Mine:_Faithless=Back to Mine: Faithless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Guignol_(album)=Grand Guignol (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Scary_Silver_Fairy=Pretty Scary Silver Fairy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_in_Captivity=Born in Captivity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_of_the_Night_(album)=Lady of the Night (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Radio:_Greatest_Hits_Volumes_I_&_II=On the Radio: Greatest Hits Volumes I & II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Rainbow=I'm a Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cats_Without_Claws=Cats Without Claws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Summer_Collection:_Greatest_Hits=The Summer Collection: Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dance_Collection:_A_Compilation_of_Twelve_Inch_Singles=The Dance Collection: A Compilation of Twelve Inch Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Systems_Go_(Donna_Summer_album)=All Systems Go (album Donna Summer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Donna_Summer_Anthology=The Donna Summer Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endless_Summer:_Donna_Summer's_Greatest_Hits=Endless Summer (Donna Summer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_&_More_Encore=Live & More Encore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journey:_The_Very_Best_of_Donna_Summer=The Journey: The Very Best of Donna Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_(Tamia_album)=More (Tamia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velveteen_(album)=Velveteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_Art_(album)=Pop Art (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOL_(Basshunter_album)=LOL (^^,)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangsta_Rap_(album)=Gangsta Rap (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Roulette_(Accept_album)=Russian Roulette (Accept)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Black=Back to Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gospel_According_to_Patti_LaBelle=The Gospel According to Patti LaBelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Won't_Be_Soon_Before_Long=It Won't Be Soon Before Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Deep_Purple=The Very Best of Deep Purple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamtime_Live_at_the_Lyceum=Dreamtime Live at the Lyceum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_the_Heat=Eat the Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Objection_Overruled=Objection Overruled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Row_(album)=Death Row (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predator_(album)=Predator (Accept)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Phobia=...Phobia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Vol._1=Gold Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Vol._2=Gold Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metalized=Metalized
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C'est_pour_vivre_(album)=C'est pour vivre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_No_Tales=Tell No Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Early_Singles_(Celine_Dion_album)=The Early Singles (Céline Dion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Come_Strapped=We Come Strapped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quarterflash_(album)=Quarterflash (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Olatunji_Concert:_The_Last_Live_Recording=The Olatunji Concert: The Last Live Recording
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australasia_(album)=Australasia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honky's_Ladder=Honky's Ladder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_&_Clyde_EP=Bonnie & Clyde EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redemption_(Benzino_album)=Redemption (Benzino)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weight_of_the_World_(Metal_Church_album)=The Weight of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_of_Two_Suns=Temple of Two Suns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saints_&_Sinners_(Johnny_Winter_album)=Saints & Sinners (Johnny Winter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Johnny_Winter_And=Live Johnny Winter And
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Alive_and_Well=Still Alive and Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daughtry_(album)=Daughtry (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midvinterblot_(album)=Midvinterblot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dawson_Winter_III=John Dawson Winter III (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captured_Live!=Captured Live! (Johnny Winter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Together:_Edgar_Winter_and_Johnny_Winter_Live=Together: Edgar Winter and Johnny Winter Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothin'_but_the_Blues_(Johnny_Winter_album)=Nothin' but the Blues (Johnny Winter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White,_Hot_and_Blue=White, Hot & Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_of_the_Infamous:_The_Best_of_Mobb_Deep=Life of the Infamous: The Best of Mobb Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screaming_for_More_(DVD)=Screaming for More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strip_Me%3F_(Anna_Tsuchiya_album)=Strip me?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Rebel=The Last Rebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belinda_(Belinda_Carlisle_album)=Belinda (Belinda Carlisle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Carols=Winter Carols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Only_Time=It's Only Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Walls=Paper Walls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_(Lynyrd_Skynyrd_album)=Twenty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythms_del_Mundo=Rhythms del Mundo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia_(Howie_Day_album)=Australia (Howie Day)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Funk_da_World=Project Funk da World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevens_(album)=Sevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gory_Days=Gory Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Story_(Grace_Jones_album)=Inside Story (Grace Jones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cost_of_Loving=The Cost of Loving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repeat_Offender_(Richard_Marx_album)=Repeat Offender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_Street_(album)=Rush Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation:_Get_Down=Operation: Get Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H2O_(Hall_&_Oates_album)=H2O (Hall & Oates)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_Times=Glory Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarecrow_(Garth_Brooks_album)=Scarecrow (Garth Brooks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kings_of_Hong_Kong=The Kings of Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Pledge_Allegiance_to_the_Grind=I Pledge Allegiance to the Grind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Pieces=In Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipertensione=Ipertensione (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Flight=Early Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Foreign_Town=In a Foreign Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viviendo_Deprisa=Viviendo deprisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chase_(Garth_Brooks_album)=The Chase (Garth Brooks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insanity_and_Genius=Insanity and Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_&_Violins=Sex & Violins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didn't_It_Rain_(Songs:_Ohia_album)=Didn't It Rain (Songs: Ohia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signs_of_the_Time=Signs of the Time (Mob Rules)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Only_Rock_&_Roll_(Waylon_Jennings_album)=It's Only Rock & Roll (Waylon Jennings)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Your_Blessings_(Bring_Me_the_Horizon_album)=Count Your Blessings (Bring Me the Horizon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waylon's_Greatest_Hits,_Vol._2=Greatest Hits Vol. 2 (Waylon Jennings)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertigo_(Groove_Armada_album)=Vertigo (Groove Armada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Toto=The Essential Toto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Apocalypse=Beyond the Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negotiations_and_Love_Songs=Negotiations and Love Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/45:33=45:33
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hummer=The Hummer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barathrum:_V.I.T.R.I.O.L.=Barathrum: V.I.T.R.I.O.L.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_of_Tiphareth=The Sun of Tiphareth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Storm_of_Cythraul=The Third Storm of Cythraul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_(Absu_album)=Tara (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Hits_(Juvenile_album)=The Greatest Hits (Juvenile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endangered_Species_(Lynyrd_Skynyrd_album)=Endangered Species (Lynyrd Skynyrd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elegy_(EP)=Elegy (Leaves' Eyes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_(The_Whitest_Boy_Alive_album)=Dreams (The Whitest Boy Alive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upon_Promeathean_Shores_(Unscriptured_Waters)=Upon Promeathean Shores (Unscriptured Waters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Said_and_Done=Said and Done
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Difference_(album)=Same Difference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_'n'_Roll_Gypsies=Rock 'n' Roll Gypsies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witch_Hunter_(album)=Witch Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Games_(Grave_Digger_album)=War Games (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasia_(Fantasia_Barrino_album)=Fantasia (Fantasia Barrino)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conforming_to_Abnormality=Conforming to Abnormality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halls_of_Amenti=Halls of Amenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucid_Interval=Lucid Interval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puzzle_(Biffy_Clyro_album)=Puzzle (Biffy Clyro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changer_les_Choses=Changer les choses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl_Called_Dusty=A Girl Called Dusty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock_1999_(album)=Woodstock 1999 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Angel_(album)=Street Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_at_Birdland_Vol._2=A Night at Birdland, Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Hicks_(album)=Taylor Hicks (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portable_Sounds=Portable Sounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ya_Tabtab...Wa_Dallaa=Ya tabtab...Wa dallaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oral_Fixation,_Vol._1_&_2=Oral Fixation Volumes 1&2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judas_Christ=Judas Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Chris_Gaines_album)=Garth Brooks in... The Life of Chris Gaines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Home_(Shocking_Blue_album)=At Home (Shocking Blue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Radio_One_Sessions_(Syd_Barrett_album)=The Radio One Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_of_a_Collection=Hellofacollection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Full_Effect=In Full Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Theresa's_1975=Live at Theresa's 1975
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neva_Surrenda=Neva Surrenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehab_(Quiet_Riot_album)=Rehab (Quiet Riot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Remember_You_(Brian_McKnight_album)=I Remember You (Brian McKnight)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Live_Roadrunning=Real Live Roadrunning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_What_the_Edge_of_Your_Seat_Was_Made_For=This Is What the Edge of Your Seat Was Made For
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sabbath:_The_Dio_Years=Black Sabbath: The Dio Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_How_You_Go_(Skye_Edwards_album)=Mind How You Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1st_Infantry_(album)=1st Infantry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Tryin'_ta_Live=Just Tryin' ta Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can_See_Your_House_from_Here=I Can See Your House from Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dandy_in_the_Underworld=Dandy in the Underworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarface_(soundtrack)=Scarface (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staying_a_Life=Staying a Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaizoku-Ban=Kaizoku-Ban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_&_June=Alice & June
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(Steeleye_Span_album)=Time (Steeleye Span)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zidane:_A_21st_Century_Portrait_(soundtrack)=Zidane: A 21st Century Portrait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_28_February_1980=Preston 28 February 1980
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Too_Much_(album)=Never Too Much
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever,_for_Always,_for_Love=Forever, for Always, for Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_in_Rio_(video)=Rush in Rio (video)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Yours=Inside Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Push_(Gruntruck_album)=Push (Gruntruck)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Village_Sessions=The Village Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parable_of_Arable_Land=The Parable of Arable Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secrets_of_the_Black_Arts=The Secrets of the Black Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbird_(Alter_Bridge_album)=Blackbird (album Alter Bridge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Gauge=Heavy Gauge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_to_the_Blind=Black to the Blind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortification_(album)=Mortification (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Vol_1_&_2=Space Vol 1 & 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unity_Roots_and_Family,_Away=Unity Roots and Family, Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_of_the_Idols_(Gorgoroth_album)=Twilight of the Idols - In Conspiracy with Satan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrolls_of_the_Megilloth=Scrolls of the Megilloth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Really_(album)=Really
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_(Mario_album)=Go (Mario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Momentary_Affliction=Post Momentary Affliction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trample_the_Weak,_Hurdle_the_Dead=Trample the Weak, Hurdle the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_Me_from_Myself_(album)=Save Me from Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niun_Niggung=Niun Niggung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idiology=Idiology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloak_&_Dagger_(Wet_Wet_Wet_album)=Cloak & Dagger (Wet Wet Wet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_(Wet_Wet_Wet_album)=10 (Wet Wet Wet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karma.Bloody.Karma=Karma.Bloody.Karma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forsaken_(album)=The Forsaken (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowland_(Dark_Moor_album)=Shadowland (Dark Moor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Tren_de_los_Momentos=El tren de los momentos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_to_Survive=Fight to Survive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carved_in_Stone_(Vince_Neil_album)=Carved in Stone (Vince Neil)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steelheart_(album)=Steelheart (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ochenta's=Ochenta's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threads_of_Life=Threads of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television_City_Dream=Television City Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterpiece_of_Bitterness=Masterpiece of Bitterness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Threatz=Death Threatz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelonious_Monk_Plays_Duke_Ellington=Thelonious Monk plays the Music of Duke Ellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Way..._A_Decade_of_Song_&_Video=All the Way... A Decade of Song & Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.I.M.E._(The_Inner_Mind's_Eye)=T.I.M.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buon_Sangue=Buon sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Angels_(soundtrack)=City of Angels - La città degli angeli (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body,_the_Blood,_the_Machine=The Body, the Blood, the Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distortion_(The_Magnetic_Fields_album)=Distortion (The Magnetic Fields)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explode_Together:_The_Dub_Experiments_78-80=Explode Together: The Dub Experiments 78-80
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanfare_for_the_Comic_Muse=Fanfare for the Comic Muse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pljuni_i_zapjevaj_moja_Jugoslavijo=Pljuni i zapjevaj moja Jugoslavijo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa/Brass=Africa/Brass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H418ov21.C=H418ov21.C
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sana_Nuestra_Tierra=Sana Nuestra Tierra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human's_Lib=Human's Lib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_into_Action=Dream into Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_That_Line=Cross That Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Running=In the Running
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_in_the_Backroom=Working in the Backroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_(Mika_Nakashima_album)=The End (Mika Nakashima)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_of_the_Heart=Revolution of the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collage_(Le_Orme_album)=Collage (Le Orme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headhunter_(album)=Headhunter (Krokus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_the_Fire_(Reba_McEntire_album)=Feel the Fire (Reba McEntire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Ahead_(Wild_Horses_album)=Dead Ahead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heligoland_(album)=Heligoland (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirenian_Shores=Sirenian Shores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Destinies_and_a_Downfall=Nine Destinies and a Downfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_Songs=Victory Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis'_Golden_Records_Volume_3=Elvis' Golden Records Volume 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_2_Walk=Last 2 Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive,_She_Cried=Alive, She Cried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epiphany_(T-Pain_album)=Epiphany (T-Pain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_What_People_Do=That's What People Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_to_One_(Howard_Jones_album)=One to One (Howard Jones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Scars=Soul Scars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_the_Hard_Way=Two the Hard Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Gap=Into the Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_to_Future_Days=Here's to Future Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Hollywood_Bowl_(The_Doors_album)=Live at the Hollywood Bowl (The Doors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karma_(Pharoah_Sanders_album)=Karma (Pharoah Sanders)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mythmaker=Mythmaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rooney_(album)=Rooney (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roots_of_Evil=Roots of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troubadours_of_Folk=Troubadours of Folk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Get_Enough_(Eddy_Grant_album)=Can't Get Enough (Eddy Grant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinner's_Serenade=Sinner's Serenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollies_(1965_album)=Hollies (album 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eternal_Struggle=Sotto la raffica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_(America_album)=Holiday (America)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Sound_Machine=The Incredible Sound Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Light_'til_Dawn=Blue Light 'Til Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Greatest_Hits=Who's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Through_Your_Eyes=Christmas Through Your Eyes (album Gloria Estefan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foghat_(1972_album)=Foghat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Christmas_Eve=The Lost Christmas Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energized=Energized
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_and_Roll_Outlaws=Rock and Roll Outlaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hats_Off_to_the_Buskers=Hats Off to the Buskers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pacific_Age=The Pacific Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Tax_(album)=Sugar Tax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_OMD=The Best of OMD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Take_That_album)=Greatest Hits (Take That)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_of_a_Sudden_I_Miss_Everyone=All of a Sudden I Miss Everyone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History:_America's_Greatest_Hits=History: America's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Choice=America's Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Nowhere_(Vinnie_Moore_album)=Out of Nowhere (Vinnie Moore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Vice_at_a_Time=One Vice at a Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maze_(album)=The Maze (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardware_(album)=Hardware (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideaway_(America_album)=Hideaway (America)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_Live_(album)=America Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Letter_(album)=Silent Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocket_Symphony=Pocket Symphony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Drive_(album)=Ocean Drive (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postcards_from_Heaven=Postcards from Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_Gets_You_Through_the_Day=Whatever Gets You Through the Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alibi_(America_album)=Alibi (America)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perspective_(America_album)=Perspective (America)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hourglass_(America_album)=Hourglass (America)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_That_&_Party=Take That & Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Lighthouse_Family_album)=Greatest Hits (Lighthouse Family)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Stained_Love_Story=Blood Stained Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relaxed_&_Remixed=Relaxed & Remixed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_and_Let_Die_(soundtrack)=Live and Let Die (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_Harmony=Holiday Harmony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_&_Now_(America_album)=Here & Now (America)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Io_canto=Io canto (album Laura Pausini)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Desert_Sky=Under the Desert Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horkstow_Grange=Horkstow Grange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laissez-nous_respirer=Laissez-nous respirer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passenger_(Mnemic_album)=Passenger (Mnemic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Simon_and_Garfunkel=The Essential Simon and Garfunkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fantastic_Expedition_of_Dillard_&_Clark=The Fantastic Expedition of Dillard & Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_There_(Betty_Carter_album)=Out There (Betty Carter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immortalized_(Spice_1_album)=Immortalized (Spice 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_the_Pharmacy=Live from the Pharmacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Yule=Cool Yule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_in_the_Sun_(Tim_McGraw_album)=A Place in the Sun (Tim McGraw)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_This_Circus_Down=Set This Circus Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facta_Loquuntur=Facta Loquuntur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werwolfthron=Werwolfthron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Girl_Gone_Bad=Good Girl Gone Bad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Riders_of_the_Purple_Sage_(album)=New Riders of the Purple Sage (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hits_(Joni_Mitchell_album)=Hits (Joni Mitchell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Favorite_(album)=God's Favorite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancetaria=Dancetaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Language_of_Thieves_and_Vagabonds=The Language of Thieves and Vagabonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rivalry_(album)=The Rivalry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ozark_Mountain_Daredevils_(album)=The Ozark Mountain Daredevils (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellraiser_(album)=Hellraiser (Krokus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Beauty_(soundtrack)=American Beauty (compilation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It'll_Shine_When_It_Shines=It'll Shine When It Shines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Armatrading_(album)=Joan Armatrading (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_World_(Take_That_album)=Beautiful World (Take That)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marrow_of_a_Bone=The Marrow of a Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AFX_/_LFO=AFX/LFO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powerglide_(album)=Powerglide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Submarine_Songtrack=Yellow Submarine Songtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headstrong_(Ashley_Tisdale_album)=Headstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Changes_(Take_That_album)=Everything Changes (album Take That)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody_Else=Nobody Else
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarsick=Scarsick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocket_Rock=Pocketrock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Definitive_Rock_Collection_(Dokken_album)=The Definitive Rock Collection (Dokken)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Poppy's=Welcome to Poppy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Destroyed_Room:_B-Sides_and_Rarities=The Destroyed Room: B-sides and Rarities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysalis_(album)=Chrysalis (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop!_(album)=Stop! (album Sam Brown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_World_Knows_Your_Name=When the World Knows Your Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boz_Scaggs_(album)=Boz Scaggs (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulk=Sulk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadmaster_(album)=Roadmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3614_Jackson_Highway=3614 Jackson Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_to_Your_Future=Take Me to Your Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prodigal_Son_(The_Saints_album)=Prodigal Son (The Saints)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_Horses_(album)=Runaway Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ur_jordens_djup=Ur Jordens Djup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_Sounds_(album)=Group Sounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_of_Age_(Camel_album)=Coming of Age (Camel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Mirror_Black=Into the Mirror Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Songs_for_the_Retarded=Love Songs for the Retarded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_You_All=To You All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation_(Monrose_album)=Temptation (Monrose)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Show_(soundtrack)=The Show (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fans_(album)=Fans (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Dance_(Spice_1_album)=The Last Dance (Spice 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illumination_(Tristania_album)=Illumination (Tristania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Existentia=Existentia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_Burns_Tour=The Life Burns Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_with_Strangers=Dancing with Strangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Hell=The Road to Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Beach_(Chris_Rea_album)=King of the Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Extreme:_An_Accidental_Collocation_of_Atoms%3F=The Best of Extreme - An Accidental Collication of Atoms?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Down_the_Stony_Road=Dancing Down the Stony Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Chris_Rea=The Very Best of Chris Rea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing...Presumed_Having_a_Good_Time=Missing...Presumed Having a Good Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/98_Degrees_and_Rising=98 Degrees and Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatitude_(album)=Beatitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quick_Change_World=Quick Change World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troublizing=Troublizing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexterday=Nexterday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacebrock=Spacebrock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theogonia_(album)=Theogonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arise_(Sepultura_album)=Arise (album Sepultura)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door,_Door=Door, Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heyy_Babyy=Heyy Babyy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_America_(The_Blues_Brothers_album)=Made in America (The Blues Brothers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Love=Street Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hee_Haw_(EP)=Hee Haw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_Fayre_2001=Canterbury Fayre 2001
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yule_Ritual=Yule Ritual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scare_Yourself=Scare Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackheart_Man=Blackheart Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_Realities=Church of Realities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hed_PE_(album)=Hed PE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broke_(album)=Broke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackout_(Hed_PE_album)=Blackout (Hed P.E.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_in_Amerika=Only in Amerika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_2_Base_X=Back 2 Base X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drift_(Flotsam_and_Jetsam_album)=Drift (Flotsam and Jetsam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_(Flotsam_and_Jetsam_album)=High (Flotsam and Jetsam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_RZA_Hits=The RZA Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dosburg_Online=Dosburg Online
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_House_of_Blues_(Guttermouth_album)=Live at the House of Blues (Guttermouth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WYSIWYG_(album)=WYSIWYG (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spill_the_Beans=Spill the Beans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_@_KlangArt=Live @ KlangArt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Investigations_(album)=Private Investigations: The Best of Dire Straits & Mark Knopfler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nostradamus_(album)=Nostradamus (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombie_Birdhouse=Zombie Birdhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_N.W.A_Legacy,_Vol._2=The N.W.A Legacy 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belly_of_the_Sun=Belly of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Sign_of_Hell=Under the Sign of Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Side_(Corbin_Bleu_album)=Another Side (Corbin Bleu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pa'l_Mundo=Pa'l mundo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_Space=Love in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_We_Come_(A1_album)=Here We Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_A_List_(album)=The A List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uspavanka_za_Radmilu_M.=Uspavanka za Radmilu M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Scream=Let It Scream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennett_Sings_Ellington:_Hot_&_Cool=Bennett Sings Ellington: Hot & Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Hi_(album)=Valley Hi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_the_Final_Fantasy_Tactics_series=Final Fantasy Tactics: Original Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_for_Everyone!=Elvis for Everyone!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Million_in_Prizes:_The_Anthology=A Million in Prizes: The Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis'_Gold_Records_Volume_4=Elvis' Gold Records Volume 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Eye_Live_1977=TV Eye Live 1977
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Christmas_(98_Degrees_album)=This Christmas (98 Degrees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_City_by_the_Light_Divided=A City by the Light Divided
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Malady_Lingers_On=The Malady Lingers On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introducing_Morrissey=Introducing Morrissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_God_(album)=My God (Flotsam and Jetsam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_of_Death=Dreams of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labour_of_Love_III=Labour of Love III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_at_the_Chicken_Shack=Back at the Chicken Shack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Professional_3=The Professional 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Dancing_(soundtrack)=Dirty Dancing (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_(Visions_of_Atlantis_album)=Trinity (Visions of Atlantis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Seed_(album)=Wild Seed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Dallas=Live in Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oppressing_the_Masses=Oppressing the Masses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torture_Tactics=Torture Tactics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Japan_(Primal_Scream_album)=Live in Japan (Primal Scream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tank_(album)=Tank (Asian Dub Foundation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Otis_Redding,_Vol._1=The Very Best of Otis Redding (Rhino)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Different_Beat_(Boyzone_album)=A Different Beat (album Boyzone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cream_of_Clapton=The Cream of Clapton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_&_Thieves=Heroes & Thieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exclusive_(album)=Exclusive (Chris Brown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LP_Underground_6.0=Underground 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleecker_&_MacDougal=Bleecker & MacDougal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formless=Formless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blitz_(Krokus_album)=The Blitz (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chieftains_8=The Chieftains 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Rockers_'n'_Ballads=The Essential Scorpions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frost_and_Fire_(album)=Frost and Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alter_Ego_(Tyrese_album)=Alter Ego (Tyrese)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Sting=Deadly Sting: The Mercury Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santi_(album)=Santi (The Academy Is...)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Explorer_(album)=The Explorer (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_to_Remain_Violent=Right to Remain Violent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballads_(John_Coltrane_album)=Ballads (John Coltrane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_Legends=Forgotten Legends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swan_Road=The Swan Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Aurora=Autumn Aurora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_in_Our_Wells=Blood in Our Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_Grief_and_Solitude=Songs of Grief and Solitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Got_the_Noise=Got the Noise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live:_Entertainment_or_Death=Live: Entertainment or Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatfield_and_the_North_(album)=Hatfield and the North (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooked_(Great_White_album)=Hooked (Great White)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vogts_Villa=Vogts Villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live/Indian_Summer=Live Indian Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festival_2005=Festival 2005
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Crossing=California Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_for_It..._Live!=Go for It... Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spice_1_(album)=Spice 1 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pain_&_Paper=Pain & Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screaming_Blue_Murder:_Dedicated_to_Phil_Lynott=Screaming Blue Murder (Blue Murder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_of_the_Black_Runes=Emperor of the Black Runes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chieftains_5=The Chieftains 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chieftains_6:_Bonaparte's_Retreat=The Chieftains 6: Bonaparte's Retreat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_and_Screamin'=Alive and Screamin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diabolis_Interium=Diabolis Interium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Attack_(Krokus_album)=Heart Attack (Krokus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reformation_Post_TLC=Reformation Post TLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chieftains_7=The Chieftains 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/187_He_Wrote=187 He Wrote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nocturne_(The_Human_Abstract_album)=Nocturne (The Human Abstract)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poetenes_Evangelium=Poetenes Evangelium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_of_Silver=Sound of Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_River_(album)=Blue River (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_One_Night:_Live_in_Buenos_Aires=That One Night: Live in Buenos Aires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beginnings_(Steve_Howe_album)=Beginnings (Steve Howe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Was,_Is_and_Always_Shall_Be=Always Was, Is, and Always Shall Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_the_Recently_Deceased=Music for the Recently Deceased
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Loud_Thunder=Some Loud Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Moods=Blue Moods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Winterland_'68=Live at Winterland '68
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_to_Arms_(Sick_of_It_All_album)=Call to Arms (Sick of It All)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sounds_of_the_Sounds_of_Science=The Sounds of the Sounds of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yours_Truly_(Sick_of_It_All_album)=Yours Truly (Sick of It All)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_a_Dive_(Sick_of_It_All_album)=Live in a Dive: Sick of It All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_the_Ropes=Life on the Ropes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orchestra_of_Bubbles=Orchestra of Bubbles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stadtkind=Stadtkind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capricornio=Capricornio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Mountain=Elephant Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Too_Late=Born Too Late
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Always=Love Always
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Twenty_(20)=Made in Twenty (20)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackstreet_(album)=Blackstreet (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showgirl:_Homecoming_Live=Showgirl Homecoming Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Words_&_Music_(Aphex_Twin_album)=Words & Music (Aphex Twin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Fire_(album)=Through the Fire (HSAS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Wheel_Drive_(album)=Four Wheel Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Concert_(Derek_and_the_Dominos_album)=In Concert (Derek and the Dominos)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Concert_(The_Doors_album)=In Concert (The Doors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Hollywood_(The_Doors_album)=Live in Hollywood: Highlights from the Aquarius Theatre Performances (WEA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dial_'M'_for_Motherfucker=Dial 'M' for Motherfucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pheromones_(album)=Pheromones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_in_My_Heart_(Sarah_Connor_album)=Christmas in My Heart (album Sarah Connor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Insane=Go Insane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass_Appeal:_the_Best_of_Gang_Starr=Mass Appeal: Best of Gang Starr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_House_(Angie_Martinez_album)=Animal House (Angie Martinez)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_(Kenny_Rogers_album)=Christmas (Kenny Rogers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Many_Ways=So Many Ways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpet_(album)=Carpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E_Is_for_Everything_on_Fat_Wreck_Chords=E Is for Everything on Fat Wreck Chord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novelty_Forever=Novelty Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tattoo_(Rory_Gallagher_album)=Tattoo (Rory Gallagher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_Ones_(ABBA_album)=Number Ones (ABBA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevie_Wonder's_Original_Musiquarium_I=Stevie Wonder's Original Musiquarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiem_(Bracket_album)=Requiem (Bracket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherished=Cherished
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fotheringay_(album)=Fotheringay (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angry_Fist=Angry Fist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_the_Road=Making the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Level_(Another_Level_album)=Another Level (Another Level)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexus_(Another_Level_album)=Nexus (Another Level)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Promise_(Earth,_Wind_&_Fire_album)=The Promise (Earth, Wind & Fire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_the_Way_It_Is_(Elvis_Presley_album)=That's the Way It Is (Elvis Presley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_No_Prisoners_(David_Byron_album)=Take No Prisoners (David Byron)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_Tierra=Mi tierra (album Gloria Estefan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlights:_The_Very_Best_of_Yes=Highlights: The Very Best of Yes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_KMD=Best of KMD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scenarios_of_Violence=Scenarios of Violence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myths_of_the_Near_Future_(album)=Myths of the Near Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inner_Sanctum=The Inner Sanctum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Based_on_a_True_Story_(Lil'_Mo_album)=Based on a True Story (Lil' Mo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardcore_Superstar_(album)=Hardcore Superstar (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pot_Luck_(Elvis_Presley_album)=Pot Luck with Elvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disco_Tanz=Disco Tanz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_(Sevendust_album)=Alpha (Sevendust)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Be_Afraid_(album)=Don't Be Afraid (Information Society)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby,_the_Stars_Shine_Bright=Baby, the Stars Shine Bright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Language_of_Life=The Language of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldwide_(Everything_but_the_Girl_album)=Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acoustic_(Everything_but_the_Girl_album)=Acoustic (Everything but the Girl)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Estate=Low Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Right_Place=In the Right Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_Through_O2=Odyssey Through O2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_South=Secret South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_Else_(Marillion_album)=Somewhere Else (Marillion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Free:_A_Tribute_to_Jimi_Hendrix=Stone Free: A Tribute to Jimi Hendrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You'll_Never_Walk_Alone_(Elvis_Presley_album)=You'll Never Walk Alone (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Recorded_at_Madison_Square_Garden=Elvis: As Recorded at Madison Square Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloha_from_Hawaii_Via_Satellite_(album)=Aloha from Hawaii Via Satellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_Recorded_Live_on_Stage_in_Memphis=Elvis: As Recorded Live on Stage in Memphis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Elvis_Presley_Boulevard,_Memphis,_Tennessee=From Elvis Presley Boulevard, Memphis, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_My_World_(Elvis_Presley_album)=Welcome to My World (Elvis Presley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Experiments=Some Experiments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvelous_(album)=Marvelous (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_in_the_Sky=Kiss in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascension_(Misia_album)=Ascension (Misia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_White_Lion=The Best of White Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimi_Tsunagi_Five_M=Kimi Tsunagi Five M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sol-fa_(album)=Sol-fa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janis_Joplin's_Greatest_Hits=Janis Joplin's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Start_the_Machine_(album)=Start the Machine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Preacher's_Son=The Preacher's Son (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ms._Kelly=Ms. Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_in_the_Heartland=Storm in the Heartland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Cher_album)=Greatest Hits (Cher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sackcloth_'n'_Ashes=Sackcloth 'n' Ashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elephant_in_the_Room_(album)=The Elephant in the Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Hope_for_the_Wretched=New Hope for the Wretched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Love_of_Strange_Medicine=For the Love of Strange Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Damn_Thing=The Best Damn Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Scorpions=The Best of Scorpions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neon_Bible=Neon Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uuaarrgh!=UUAARRGH!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_I=I (Patrick Moraz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fillmore_West_1969=The Complete Fillmore West 1969
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_Is_Now=The Future Is Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Fillmore_East_1970=Live at the Fillmore East 1970
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Goldfinger=The Best of Goldfinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Writer's_Block_(Peter_Bjorn_and_John_album)=Writer's Block (Peter Bjorn and John)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naughty_but_Nice_(album)=Naughty but Nice (Sarah Connor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Connor_(album)=Sarah Connor (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbelievable_(Sarah_Connor_album)=Unbelievable (Sarah Connor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Eyed_Soul=Green Eyed Soul (Sarah Connor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headlines_and_Deadlines:_The_Hits_of_A-ha=Headlines and Deadlines - The Hits of a-ha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camembert_Electrique=Camembert Electrique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Party_Album_(Vengaboys_album)=The Party Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holding_a_Wolf_by_the_Ears=Holding a Wolf by the Ears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_Musical:_The_Concert=High School Musical: Il concerto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Riddance_/_Kill_Your_Idols=Good Riddance/Kill Your Idols Split EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_Ups=Cover Ups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_Oceans=Cathedral Oceans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Hope=Wild Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thembi=Thembi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You've_Still_Got_a_Place_in_My_Heart=You've Still Got a Place in My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_Wears_Prada_(soundtrack)=Il diavolo veste Prada (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackfield_II=Blackfield II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amplifier_Worship=Amplifier Worship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_in_Babylon=Carnival in Babylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Platinum_Album=The Platinum Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hijas_del_Tomate=Hijas del Tomate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_and_Fashion=Fame and Fashion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_David_Bowie_1974/1979=The Best of David Bowie 1974/1979
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Saints_(David_Bowie_album)=All Saints (David Bowie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Days_(Joe_album)=Better Days (Joe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Joe_(album)=My Name Is Joe (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Unplugged_(Korn_album)=MTV Unplugged (Korn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Barbra_Streisand=The Essential Barbra Streisand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannibal_(Static-X_album)=Cannibal (album Static-X)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Love:_A_Beautiful_Discord=Dear Love: A Beautiful Discord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myth_Takes=Myth Takes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Circus_(album)=Continental Circus (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nude_(Camel_album)=Nude (Camel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_David_Bowie=The World of David Bowie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_on_My_B.S.=Back on My B.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_Tiny_Black_Round_Thing=Monty Python's Tiny Black Round Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C'est_Chic=C'est Chic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful_(Adam_Ant_album)=Wonderful (Adam Ant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_Happening/Screaming_Trees=Beat Happening/Screaming Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_for_Christmas_(Hall_&_Oates_album)=Home for Christmas (Hall & Oates)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo_(Current_93_album)=Halo (Current 93)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alchemy_Index_Vols._I_&_II=The Alchemy Index Vols. I & II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_Running_Through=Children Running Through
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangled_in_Reins=Tangled in Reins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_Sex/Wild_in_the_Streets=Group Sex/Wild in the Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Carpet_Massacre=Red Carpet Massacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Hits_Collection_(Alan_Jackson_album)=The Greatest Hits Collection (Alan Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Closing_of_Winterland=The Closing of Winterland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live!_Live!_Live!=Live! Live! Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xan_Valleys=Xan Valleys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phase_3:_Thrones_and_Dominions=Phase 3: Thrones and Dominions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_Home_(Traffic_album)=Far from Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_the_Time_Mr_Wolf%3F_(album)=What's the Time Mr. Wolf?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(Spearhead_album)=Home (Spearhead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Them_vs._You_vs._Me=Them vs. You vs. Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liar_(The_Jesus_Lizard_album)=Liar (The Jesus Lizard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2000_Watts=2000 Watts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrese_(album)=Tyrese (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rare_Cuts_and_Oddities_1966=Rare Cuts and Oddities 1966
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Half_Moon=Into the Half Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Annual_Report=The Second Annual Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron's_Party_(Come_Get_It)=Aaron's Party (Come Get It)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truckin'_Up_to_Buffalo=Truckin' Up to Buffalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Aaron=Oh Aaron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Las_Vegas_(Frank_Sinatra_album)=Live from Las Vegas (Frank Sinatra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Rock_We_Trust=In Rock We Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electric_Light_Orchestra_(album)=The Electric Light Orchestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Mileage=High Mileage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honky_Tonk_Christmas=Honky Tonk Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_the_Page_(album)=Turn the Page (Waylon Jennings)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_I_Am_(Alan_Jackson_album)=Who I Am (Alan Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_the_Wolf_Survive=Will the Wolf Survive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Testimony:_Vol._2,_Love_&_Politics=Testimony: Vol. 2, Love & Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupe_Fiasco's_The_Cool=The Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_The_Doors_(1985_album)=The Best of The Doors (1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangin'_Tough_(Waylon_Jennings_album)=Hangin' Tough (Waylon Jennings)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blackening=The Blackening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snakes_&_Arrows=Snakes & Arrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Most_Requested_Hits=Most Requested Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D'elles=D'elles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Sunset_(album)=The Last Sunset (Conception)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Infinity=Project Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourth_Dimension_(Stratovarius_album)=Fourth Dimension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Get_It:_The_Very_Best_of_Aaron_Carter=Come Get It: The Very Best of Aaron Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sons_of_Odin=The Sons of Odin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shot_(album)=Shot (The Jesus Lizard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Release_the_Stars=Release the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_(The_Jesus_Lizard_album)=Down (The Jesus Lizard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immortal_Otis_Redding=The Immortal Otis Redding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_Together=Very Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foley_Room=Foley Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rites_of_Passage_(Brother_Ali_album)=Rites of Passage (Brother Ali)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Patrol_(album)=Dawn Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_London_Howlin'_Wolf_Sessions=The London Howlin' Wolf Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Your_Life_Be_Free=Live Your Life Be Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_Shirt=Clean Shirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Declaration=The Declaration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/200_Motels_(soundtrack)=200 Motels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Snakes_(soundtrack)=Baby Snakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Rainbows=In Rainbows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_My_Life_(album)=Living My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timespace:_The_Best_of_Stevie_Nicks=Timespace - The Best of Stevie Nicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Holidays_(Billy_Idol_album)=Happy Holidays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_the_Fist=The Way of the Fist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobs_Dream_(album)=Jacobs Dream (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theater_of_War_(album)=Theater of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conceived_in_Fire=Conceived in Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hammering_Process=The Hammering Process
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_Brothers_and_Friends:_Live_from_Chicago's_House_of_Blues=Live from Chicago's House of Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_in_Cartoon_Motion=Life in Cartoon Motion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helpyourselfish=Helpyourselfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mermaids_(soundtrack)=Mermaids (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drums_and_Guns=Drums and Guns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_of_the_Past_(Vader_album)=Future of the Past (Vader)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esta_Es_Mi_Vida=Esta es mi vida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Note_original_soundtracks=Colonne sonore di Death Note
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giancana_Story=The Giancana Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retaliation_(Carnivore_album)=Retaliation (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instant_Vintage=Instant Vintage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U218_Videos=U218 Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Land=Desert Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Machine=The Perfect Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Brothers_(EP)=Blood Brothers (Bruce Springsteen e E Street Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_(album)=Mean (Montrose)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pebbles_(series)=Pebbles (collana di compilation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Because_of_the_Times=Because of the Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenoa_(album)=Chenoa (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soy_Mujer=Soy mujer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labour_of_Love_II=Labour of Love II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_My_Way_to_Church=On My Way to Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schrei=Schrei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_(album)=The Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You_(Diana_Ross_album)=I Love You (Diana Ross)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Phare=Le Phare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_America_(The_Carpenters_album)=Made in America (The Carpenters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scriptures_(album)=The Scriptures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Seconds_Count=When Seconds Count
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vital_Signs_(Survivor_album)=Vital Signs (Survivor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caught_in_the_Game=Caught in the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Best_2=A Best 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard's_Chosen_Few=The Wizard's Chosen Few
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Sacrifice_(album)=Living Sacrifice (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros._Presents_(Montrose_album)=Warner Brothers Presents... Montrose!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youngest_in_Charge=Youngest in Charge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finally_(Blackstreet_album)=Finally (Blackstreet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Level_II_(Blackstreet_album)=Level II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knights_Live=Knights Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masquerade_Ball=The Masquerade Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Good_2_B_True=2 Good 2 B True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Struck_(album)=Stage Struck (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(Fleetwood_Mac_album)=Live (Fleetwood Mac)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Initial_Command=The Initial Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Forget_(Where_You_Come_From)=Never Forget (Where You Come From)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorry_You're_Not_a_Winner_(EP)=Sorry You're Not a Winner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_Can_Happen_in_the_Next_Half_Hour_(EP)=Anything Can Happen in the Next Half Hour (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nodding_Acquaintance=Nodding Acquaintance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ascension_(Otep_album)=The Ascension (Otep)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Through_a_Life=All Through a Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Fire_(album)=Black Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expression_(album)=Expression (John Coltrane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rites_of_Spring_(album)=Rites of Spring (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soultrane=Soultrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minas_Morgul_(album)=Minas Morgul (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lugburz_(album)=Lugburz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_the_Best=We the Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Songs_(Fugazi_EP)=3 Songs (Fugazi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberation_(Talib_Kweli_and_Madlib_album)=Liberation (Talib Kweli e Madlib)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Razors=Pink Razors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_and_Dense_Denso=Dance and Dense Denso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Position=The Magic Position
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_Hampton=Standing Hampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_with_War:_%22In_the_Beginning%22=Living with War: "In the Beginning"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_Be_Told_(Blues_Traveler_album)=Truth Be Told
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_the_Gipsy_Kings=The Best of the Gipsy Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ear_X-Tacy=Ear X-Tacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_Zone_(Sammy_Hagar_album)=Danger Zone (Sammy Hagar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Machine_(album)=Street Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_All_That's_Left_Is_You=When All That's Left Is You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump_on_It_(Montrose_album)=Jump on It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy_Hagar_(album)=Sammy Hagar (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hot!=Red Hot!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Never_Said_Goodbye=I Never Said Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Night_Long_(Sammy_Hagar_album)=All Night Long (Sammy Hagar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_See_Her=If You See Her
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Patton_vs._The_X-Ecutioners=General Patton vs. The X-Ecutioners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deaf_to_Our_Prayers=Deaf to Our Prayers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_McPhee_(album)=Katharine McPhee (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_Prevention=Panic Prevention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_Which_Solomon_Overlooked=The Thing Which Solomon Overlooked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_Everything=The Heart of Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleep_Is_for_the_Week=Sleep Is for the Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahogany_Soul=Mahogany Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Love=Stone Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dana_Owens_Album=The Dana Owens Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Butcher=Doctor Butcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premonition_(Survivor_album)=Premonition (Survivor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor_(Survivor_album)=Survivor (Survivor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flores_de_Alquiler=Flores de alquiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dirt_Road=Red Dirt Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unboxed_(Sammy_Hagar_album)=Unboxed (Sammy Hagar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steers_&_Stripes=Steers & Stripes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marching_to_Mars=Marching to Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Musings_of_Miles=The Musings of Miles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trashes_the_World=Trashes the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raw_Sienna_(album)=Raw Sienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introducing_Joss_Stone=Introducing Joss Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_Which_Solomon_Overlooked_2=The Thing Which Solomon Overlooked 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_Which_Solomon_Overlooked_3=The Thing Which Solomon Overlooked 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akuma_no_Uta=Akuma no Uta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intuition_(TNT_album)=Intuition (TNT)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_the_Silence_(album)=Breaking the Silence (Heathen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Underground=Forever Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_of_the_Apocalypse=Dawn of the Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stairway_to_Heaven/Highway_to_Hell=Stairway to Heaven/Highway to Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grinderman_(album)=Grinderman (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D&B_Together=D&B Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(Delaney_&_Bonnie_album)=Home (Delaney & Bonnie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_a_Rock_Horse=Ride a Rock Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_the_Boys_(Roger_Daltrey_album)=One of the Boys (Roger Daltrey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Wars_(EP)=Between the Wars (Billy Bragg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Unplugged_/_Live=MTV Unplugged / Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Punks_in_Heat=Teen Punks in Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1990-Sick=1990-Sick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Bossalini=The Black Bossalini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conviction_(Aiden_album)=Conviction (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N'_My_Neighborhood=N' My Neighborhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Apocalypse_des_animaux_(album)=L'Apocalypse des Animaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragile_(Yes_album)=Fragile (Yes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UB44=UB44
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liveage!=Liveage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baggariddim=Baggariddim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sessions_(Descendents_EP)=Sessions (Descendents)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_(Simply_Red_album)=Stay (album Simply Red)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_Against_Myself=Me Against Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grow_Up_(The_Queers_album)=Grow Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_Off=Beat Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellig_Usvart=Hellig Usvart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borderline_(Brooks_&_Dunn_album)=Borderline (Brooks & Dunn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand_New_Man=Brand New Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Again_(Type_O_Negative_album)=Dead Again (Type O Negative)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticket_to_Ride_(album)=Ticket to Ride (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Benzino_Project=The Benzino Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(The_Notorious_B.I.G._album)=Greatest Hits (The Notorious B.I.G.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_That_Night=Remember That Night: Live at the Royal Albert Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_(The_Carpenters_album)=Horizon (The Carpenters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kind_of_Hush_(album)=A Kind of Hush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_(The_Carpenters_album)=Passage (The Carpenters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Want_to_Know_If_You_Are_Lonely=Don't Want to Know If You Are Lonely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_(LeAnn_Rimes_album)=Family (LeAnn Rimes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorry_Somehow=Sorry Somehow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_Lily=Waterloo Lily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Between_the_Exit_Signs=Life Between the Exit Signs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_Back_Home=Move Back Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_Late_and_a_Dollar_Short=A Day Late and a Dollar Short
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Is_Yours_(Ian_Brown_album)=The World Is Yours (Ian Brown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greetings_from_the_Side=Greetings from the Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Jules_(album)=Gary Jules (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bezerk_(album)=Bezerk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luminescence_(album)=Luminescence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Cooper:_Brutally_Live=Brutally Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.o.A:_The_Third_and_Final_Report_of_Throbbing_Gristle=D.o.A: The Third and Final Report of Throbbing Gristle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Krossed_Out=Totally Krossed Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadcasting...=Broadcasting...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facts_and_Fictions=Facts and Fictions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reba_McEntire_(album)=Reba McEntire (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_a_Dream_(Reba_McEntire_album)=Out of a Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Press_the_Eject_and_Give_Me_the_Tape=Press the Eject and Give Me the Tape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/18_B_Sides_+_DVD=18 B Sides + DVD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_of_the_Heart=Voice of the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Vincent's_Court=St. Vincent's Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/View_from_the_House=View from the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primera_Toma=Primera toma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Checkin'_Out_the_Ghosts=Checkin' Out the Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasin'_Wild_Trains=Chasin' Wild Trains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barking_at_Airplanes=Barking at Airplanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rest_on_Me=Rest on Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepthief=Sleepthief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pogue_Mahone=Pogue Mahone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnington:_The_Live_Tracks=Live at Donnington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live!_Blueswailing_July_'64=Live Blueswailing July '64
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.A.C.K.=B.A.C.K.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Up_the_Blades=Fire Up the Blades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_Zero_(album)=Year Zero (Nine Inch Nails)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Eyez_on_Me=All Eyez on Me (Tupac Shakur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounds_from_the_Thievery_Hi-Fi=Sounds from the Thievery Hi-Fi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Completely_Well=Completely Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box_of_Scorpions=Box of Scorpions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_1980_(Sammy_Hagar_album)=Live 1980
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seelenschmerz=Seelenschmerz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Voodoo=Red Voodoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_13=Ten 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animosity_(The_Berzerker_album)=Animosity (The Berzerker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chartbusters_Go_Pop=Chartbusters Go Pop! 20 Legendary Covers from 1969/70 as Sung by Elton John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Image=Bad Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choice_Cuts_(Jackyl_album)=Choice Cuts (Jackyl)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interlude_(EP)=Interlude (Iron Savior)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Workin'_Man=Hard Workin' Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Better_Change=Something Better Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ja,_Zoo=Ja, Zoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_House=Strange House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Show=My Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guld,_platina_&_passion=Guld, platina & passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overtones_(album)=Overtones (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promises_and_Lies=Promises and Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spitfire_Collection=The Spitfire Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showgirls_(soundtrack)=Showgirls (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Beale_Street_to_Oblivion=From Beale Street to Oblivion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Definitive_Collection_(Europe_album)=Definitive Collection (Europe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaughter_&_Apparatus:_A_Methodical_Overture=Slaughter & Apparatus: A Methodical Overture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Archaic_Abattoir=The Archaic Abattoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justuss=Justuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemesisters=Nemesisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islands_(Kajagoogoo_album)=Islands (Kajagoogoo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Love=Murder Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Need_of_Love=The Need of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Back_Down_(album)=Don't Back Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Later_Days_and_Better_Lays=Later Days and Better Lays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rendez-vous_(In-Grid_album)=Rendez-Vous (In-Grid)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colour_of_Your_Dreams=Colour of Your Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_Payloaded=Ultra Payloaded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Hands_Clapping=Two Hands Clapping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Another_World=Make Another World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallout_(The_Mayfield_Four_album)=Fallout (The Mayfield Four)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_(Zucchero_album)=Fly (Zucchero Fornaciari)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_City_(album)=Sun City (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Go_(Tim_McGraw_album)=Let It Go (Tim McGraw)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Deaf_Forever!=Stone Deaf Forever!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_Up_the_Music!=Turn Up the Music!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meshuggah_(EP)=Meshuggah (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyckantropen_Themes=Lyckantropen Themes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svidd_neger_(soundtrack)=Svidd neger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_of_a_Blank_Planet=Fear of a Blank Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_You_Are_(album)=Where You Are (Socialburn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovebox_(Groove_Armada_album)=Lovebox (Groove Armada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_at_Point_Zero=Freedom at Point Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Kicks=Cherry Kicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassadaga_(album)=Cassadaga (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sola_Scriptura_(album)=Sola scriptura (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Cold_Rhymin'=Stone Cold Rhymin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affection_(Lisa_Stansfield_album)=Affection (Lisa Stansfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death's_Design=Death's Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_&_Co.=Zu & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russians_&_Americans=Russians and Americans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Days_of_the_Century=Last Days of the Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Limelight_Sessions=The Complete Limelight Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Valley...=Beyond the Valley...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_or_Ball=Bang or Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walk_(album)=The Walk (Hanson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Hits_No._1=Summer Hits No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Recipe_(album)=The Recipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paper_Route=The Paper Route
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Based_on_a_True_Story_(Mack_10_album)=Based on a True Story (Mack 10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joya_(album)=Joya (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Man_Band_Man=One Man Band Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inferno_(soundtrack)=Inferno (Original Soundtrack)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anthology_(Deep_Purple_album)=The Anthology (Deep Purple)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Chronicles=Love Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_One=The Seventh One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planxty_(album)=Planxty (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_of_Iron_Blades=Dawn of Iron Blades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celcius_(album)=Celcius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Day_(Shaggy_album)=Lucky Day (Shaggy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evernight_(album)=Evernight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_on_the_Beat=Love on the Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_(Lara_Fabian_album)=Pure (Lara Fabian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Massey_Hall_1971=Live at Massey Hall 1971
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Lust_We_Trust=In Lust We Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martina_(album)=Martina (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G_Force=G Force (Kenny G)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_(Kenny_G_album)=Gravity (album Kenny G)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silhouette_(album)=Silhouette (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elton_John's_Christmas_Party=Elton John's Christmas Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricklewood_Green=Cricklewood Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillan_(album)=Gillan (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Blue_Sky=Sky Blue Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_and_Weather=Traffic and Weather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unpredictable_(Mystikal_album)=Unpredictable (Mystikal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Kind_Words=The Last Kind Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rembrandt_Pussyhorse=Rembrandt Pussyhorse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Universe_(album)=Mr. Universe (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_of_Things=The Law of Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom's_Road=Freedom's Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Girls_Who_Grow_Plump_in_the_Night=For Girls Who Grow Plump in the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Five_O'Clock=It's Five O'Clock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Planet=Another Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volta_(album)=Volta (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ssssh=Ssssh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_Me,_Drink_Me=Eat Me, Drink Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doom_(EP)=Doom (Job for a Cowboy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_Me_Free_(Marion_Raven_album)=Set Me Free (Marion Raven)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Salt_&_Nails_(album)=Rock Salt & Nails (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_(Edenbridge_album)=Shine (Edenbridge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Present_Arms_in_Dub=Present Arms in Dub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Trouble=Good Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_The_Doors_(2000_album)=The Best of The Doors (2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_and_Diz=Bird & Diz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attera_Totus_Sanctus=Attera Totus Sanctus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Girl's_in_Love_with_You=This Girl's in Love with You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moment_(Kenny_G_album)=The Moment (Kenny G)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mirror_(Ja_Rule_album)=The Mirror (Ja Rule)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_(Kenny_G_album)=Paradise (Kenny G)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Last...The_Duets_Album=At Last...The Duets Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holiday_Collection=The Holiday Collection (Kenny G)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_in_the_Mood_for_Love...The_Most_Romantic_Melodies_of_All_Time=I'm in the Mood for Love...The Most Romantic Melodies of All Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nate_Dogg_(album)=Nate Dogg (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brimstone_&_Treacle_(soundtrack)=Brimstone and Treacle (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Priority=Top Priority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Down_to_One=Back Down to One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clannad_(album)=Clannad (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Funk_Classics,_Vol._1_&_2=G-Funk Classics, Vol. 1 & 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Turns=Seven Turns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destroyer_(Gorgoroth_album)=Destroyer - Or About How to Philosophize with the Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afterglow_(Crowded_House_album)=Afterglow (Crowded House)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Earthly_Pleasures=Our Earthly Pleasures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wear_the_Face=I Wear the Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Elvis/Lost_in_Space=Black Elvis/Lost in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forget_the_World_(Afrojack_album)=Forget the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Candy_(Madonna_album)=Hard Candy (Madonna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Dead_(album)=King of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satan's_Circus=Satan's Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgin_Avenue_Breakdown=Elgin Avenue Breakdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Time_(Rollins_Band_album)=Life Time (Rollins Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antigone_(album)=Antigone (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_(Gillan_album)=Magic (Gillan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Country_(Hello_Nightclub)=Goodbye Country (Hello Nightclub)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Promises_(Carla_Bruni_album)=No Promises (Carla Bruni)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_(album)=San (High and Mighty Color)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_Business_(album)=Personal Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armchair_Apocrypha=Armchair Apocrypha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quelqu'un_m'a_dit=Quelqu'un m'a dit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboys,_Sisters,_Rascals_&_Dirt=Cowboys, Sisters, Rascals and Dirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Diagrams=8 Diagrams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waymore's_Blues_(Part_II)=Waymore's Blues Part 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manhattan_Transfer_(album)=The Manhattan Transfer (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MK_II_(Masterplan_album)=MK II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_Air_Turbulence_(album)=Clear Air Turbulence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarabus=Scarabus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_in_Time_(album)=Child in Time (Ian Gillan Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casket_Garden=Casket Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sneakin'_Sally_Through_the_Alley=Sneakin' Sally Through the Alley (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blues_Brothers_Band_Live_in_Montreux=Live! in Montreux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red,_White_&_Blues=Red, White, & Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Fun=Double Fun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_(Robert_Palmer_album)=Secrets (Robert Palmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clues_(Robert_Palmer_album)=Clues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armada_(album)=Armada (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinatra_'57_in_Concert=Sinatra '57 in Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Out_(album)=Coming Out (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manhattan_Transfer_Live=The Manhattan Transfer Live (1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecca_for_Moderns=Mecca for Moderns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_The_Manhattan_Transfer=The Best of The Manhattan Transfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodies_and_Souls=Bodies and Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bop_Doo-Wopp=Bop Doo-Wopp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vocalese_(album)=Vocalese (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man-Tora!_Live_in_Tokyo=Man-Tora! Live in Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enigmatic_Ocean=Enigmatic Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_The_Blues_Brothers=The Very Best of the Blues Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_to_the_Skies=Take to the Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_at_the_End_of_the_World=Light at the End of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolo_(album)=Kolo (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexy_8_Beat=Sexy 8 Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthology:_Down_in_Birdland=Anthology: Down in Birdland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Change=Lost Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_III:_Over_the_Under=Down III: Over the Under
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Must_B_21=Must B 21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_haircuts_//_cardboard_guitars_//_and_computer_samples=Strange haircuts // cardboard guitars // and computer samples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_Musical_2_(soundtrack)=High School Musical 2 (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_Street_(album)=Baker Street (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panda_Bear_(album)=Panda Bear (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_a_Wing_and_a_Prayer=On a Wing and a Prayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misterioso_(Thelonious_Monk_album)=Misterioso (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Person_Pitch=Person Pitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smile_Sessions=The Smile Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_(Robert_Palmer_album)=Pride (Robert Palmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Build_a_Nation=Build a Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Dokken=The Best of Dokken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rascal_Flatts_(album)=Rascal Flatts (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Dreams=Carolina Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gipsy_Kings_(album)=Gipsy Kings (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamy_(Beat_Happening_album)=Dreamy (Beat Happening)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Objects_of_Desire=Nine Objects of Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_of_Success=Color of Success
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dude_(Devin_the_Dude_album)=The Dude (Devin the Dude)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Thing:_Words_and_Sounds_Vol._3=The Real Thing: Words and Sounds Vol. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_My_Head_(album)=Over My Head (Gerry Rafferty)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_The_Manhattan_Transfer=The Very Best of The Manhattan Transfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonin'=Tonin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_of_St._Louis_(album)=The Spirit of St. Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Symphony_Sessions_(The_Manhattan_Transfer_album)=The Symphony Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coll:set=Coll:set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bird_and_the_Bee_(album)=The Bird and the Bee (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_N.W.A:_The_Strength_of_Street_Knowledge=The Best of N.W.A - The Strength of Street Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Explain_(Robert_Palmer_album)=Don't Explain (Robert Palmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradox_(Royal_Hunt_album)=Paradox (Royal Hunt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Them,_Through_Us,_to_You=From Them, Through Us, to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Momento_Siguiente=El Momento Siguiente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_81_(album)=Baby 81
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Inside_(Poco_album)=From the Inside (Poco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Eyes=Crazy Eyes (Poco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_(Poco_album)=Seven (Poco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affiliated_(album)=Affiliated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Again_(Judy_Collins_album)=Home Again (Judy Collins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Aural_Orgasm=The Ultimate Aural Orgasm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cryptograms_(album)=Cryptograms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Gun_(Poco_album)=Under the Gun (Poco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Midnight_(Nat_King_Cole_album)=After Midnight (Nat King Cole)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Buddy_Holly_album)=Greatest Hits (Buddy Holly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_National_(album)=Grand National (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aretha's_Greatest_Hits=Aretha's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Pershing:_But_Not_for_Me=At the Pershing/But Not for Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboys_&_Englishmen=Cowboys & Englishmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Town_(Poco_album)=Ghost Town (Poco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringo_Starr_and_Friends=Ringo Starr and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_(Poco_album)=Legacy (Poco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Detected=Music Detected
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Was_the_Best_of_Times=It Was the Best of Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Supertramp_2=The Very Best of Supertramp 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A's,_B's_and_Rarities=A's, B's and Rarities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strength_(Enuff_Z'nuff_album)=Strength (Enuff Z'nuff)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.E.O._Speedwagon_(album)=REO Speedwagon (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Time_We_Mean_It=This Time We Mean It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Colors_(concert_tour)=True Colors Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Live_(Butthole_Surfers_album)=Double Live (Butthole Surfers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_(Lucinda_Williams_album)=West (Lucinda Williams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_Reason_(album)=Age of Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Roundup_(album)=The Last Roundup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genius_+_Soul_=_Jazz=Genius + Soul = Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Poco_(1975_album)=The Very Best of Poco (1975)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poco:_The_Songs_of_Richie_Furay=Poco: The Songs of Richie Furay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Because_of_You_(Ne-Yo_album)=Because of You (album Ne-Yo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_to_Gain=Nothing to Gain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Old_Quarter,_Houston,_Texas=Live at the Old Quarter, Houston, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AW_II=AW II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octopus:_The_Best_of_Syd_Barrett=Octopus: The Best of Syd Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gala_Mill=Gala Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiction_(Dark_Tranquillity_album)=Fiction (Dark Tranquillity)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Poco_(1999_album)=The Very Best of Poco (1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Collection_(Poco_album)=The Ultimate Collection (Poco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Slane_Castle_(Red_Hot_Chili_Peppers_video)=Live at Slane Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackhawks_Over_Los_Angeles=Blackhawks Over Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_with_No_Name=The Boy with No Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_a_Little_More_Love=Just a Little More Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoni_(album)=Yoni (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bag_of_Hits=Bag of Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_on_Top=Soul on Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B-Sides_and_Rarities_(Cake_album)=B-Sides and Rarities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Gospel_Way=In a Gospel Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit&Fun=Hit and Fun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawl_to_China=Crawl to China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acoustic_Archives=Acoustic Archives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30Minutes_Night_Flight=30Minutes Night Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_(Dinosaur_Jr._album)=Beyond (Dinosaur Jr.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoch_wie_nie=Hoch wie nie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucille_(album)=Lucille (B.B. King)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_(Mika_Nakashima_album)=Yes (Mika Nakashima)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Death_(M.O.P._album)=To the Death (M.O.P.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Own_Way_(album)=My Own Way (Jay Sean)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Requiem=In Requiem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thom_Bell_Sessions=The Thom Bell Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_License=Blues License
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby_Snacks:_The_Collection=Scooby Snacks: The Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_and_Agony=Triumph and Agony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_InSoc_EP=The InSoc EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information_Society_(album)=Information Society (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom_(album)=United Kingdom (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goatlord_(album)=Goatlord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Mother_the_Mountain=Our Mother the Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothin'_Matters_and_What_If_It_Did=Nothin' Matters and What If It Did
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Man_Revolution=One Man Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_the_Steve_Miller_Band=The Very Best of The Steve Miller Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotthard_(album)=Gotthard (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Send_Away_the_Tigers=Send Away the Tigers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Favourite_Worst_Nightmare=Favourite Worst Nightmare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_of_War_(Manowar_album)=Gods of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Deeds_Done_Dirt_Cheap=Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmass_(album)=Christmass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metalizer=Metalizer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamweaver_(Sabbat_album)=Dreamweaver (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knights_of_the_New_Thunder=Knights of the New Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noreality=Noreality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Cut_Christmas=Fresh Cut Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Bomb_(album)=Da Bomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Elton_John=Classic Elton John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_with_the_Changes=Play with the Changes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reminder=The Reminder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byrd_in_Flight=Byrd in Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kool-Aid_(album)=Kool-Aid (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeitgeist_(The_Smashing_Pumpkins_album)=Zeitgeist (The Smashing Pumpkins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Needs_Pictures=Who Needs Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_Don't_Tell_Themselves=Tales Don't Tell Themselves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worst_(Tech_N9ne_album)=The Worst (Tech N9ne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Years_Live_Not_Dead=10 Years Live Not Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Carat_Purple=24 Carat Purple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Drag_(album)=Slow Drag (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_Pets=Music for Pets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Birthday_(Pete_Townshend_album)=Happy Birthday (Pete Townshend e Ronnie Lane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucifer_Rising_(film)=Lucifer Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slave_to_the_Thrill=Slave to the Thrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FireHouse_(album)=FireHouse (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Systematic_Chaos=Systematic Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Park_(soundtrack)=L'allenatrice (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Rain_(album)=Burning Rain (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasure_to_Burn_(Burning_Rain_album)=Pleasure to Burn (Burning Rain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whenever_We_Wanted=Whenever We Wanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_and_Bone_(Richard_Marx_album)=Flesh and Bone (Richard Marx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mellencamp_(album)=John Mellencamp (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuttin'_Heads=Cuttin' Heads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choreography_(Vanessa-Mae_album)=Choreography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_'88_(Supertramp_album)=Live '88
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Three_&_Pray=Count Three & Pray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_No_More=Trouble No More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_(FireHouse_album)=3 (FireHouse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hack_(album)=Hack (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anam_(album)=Anam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meters_(album)=The Meters (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabbage_Alley=Cabbage Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trick_Bag=Trick Bag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nice_and_Smooth_(album)=Nice & Smooth (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_(American_Music_Club_album)=San Francisco (American Music Club)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatre_of_Fate=Theatre of Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes,_Silence,_Patience_&_Grace=Echoes, Silence, Patience & Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XMII=XMII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Byrd=Black Byrd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepping_into_Tomorrow=Stepping into Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aretha_in_Paris=Aretha in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_Man_(album)=Made Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzwerk=Herzwerk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_(Megaherz_album)=5 (Megaherz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordo_Ad_Chao=Ordo Ad Chao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Things_to_All_People=All Things to All People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Thing_(album)=Girl Thing (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actual_Fucking=Actual Fucking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Dead_Angels_Lie=Where Dead Angels Lie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maha_Kali=Maha Kali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shepherd's_Dog=The Shepherd's Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Legacy=Live Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Destruction_of_Small_Ideas=The Destruction of Small Ideas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bossalinie=Bossalinie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1st_Chapter_(album)=The 1st Chapter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Doom=Imperial Doom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_(Monstrosity_album)=Millennium (Monstrosity)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Alvin_and_the_Mini-Munks=Little Alvin and the Mini-Munks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sombre_Romantic=Sombre Romantic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Black_(album)=Virgin Black (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trance_(EP)=Trance (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimmer_483=Zimmer 483
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Inheritance=By Inheritance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_of_Tomorrow=Fear of Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Is_My_Savior=Music Is My Savior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Sello_De_Los_Tiempos=El sello de los tiempos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alea_Jacta_Est=Alea jacta est
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infernal_Overkill=Infernal Overkill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cracked_Brain=Cracked Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Echoes=City of Echoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lemonheads_(album)=The Lemonheads (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Woman_(album)=Your Woman (Sunshine Anderson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Britny_Fox=The Best of Britny Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Moon_(Elliott_Smith_album)=New Moon (Elliott Smith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_(Fair_Warning_album)=Four (Fair Warning)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precious_Memories_(Alan_Jackson_album)=Precious Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armageddon_(Aria_album)=Armageddon (Aria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Fillmore_East_(Jefferson_Airplane_album)=Live at the Fillmore East (Jefferson Airplane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elements_of_Anger=Elements of Anger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briljant,_hard_en_geslepen=Briljant, Hard en Geslepen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leng_Tch'e_(album)=Leng Tch'e (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humanity:_Hour_I=Humanity: Hour I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/25_to_Life_(album)=T.I. Presents the P$C: 25 to Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightshade_Forests=Nightshade Forests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blows_Against_the_Empire=Blows Against the Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_(Fun_Boy_Three_album)=Waiting (Fun Boy Three)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Money_Is_Legal=All Money Is Legal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Era_Vulgaris_(album)=Era Vulgaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Rotterdam_Ahoy=Live at the Rotterdam Ahoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boatlift=The Boatlift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Again=Hard Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Hammersmith_Odeon=Live at Hammersmith Odeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Could_Do_It_All_Over_Again,_I'd_Do_It_All_Over_You=If I Could Do It All Over Again, I'd Do It All Over You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refugees_of_the_Heart=Refugees of the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Distant_Thunder_(album)=A Distant Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flag_of_Hate=Flag of Hate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trilla=Trilla (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Best=Perfect Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_(Belinda_Carlisle_album)=Real (Belinda Carlisle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Belinda,_Volume_1=The Best of Belinda, Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Practice=Alice Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh!=Fresh!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heretic_(Naked_City_album)=Heretic (Naked City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_the_Door_(Pentangle_album)=Open the Door (Pentangle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gabriel_Revisited=Revisited (Peter Gabriel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_White_Wonder=Great White Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Videoz=Greatest Videoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judgement_(VNV_Nation_album)=Judgement (VNV Nation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_(Inner_City_album)=Paradise (Inner City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futureperfect=Futureperfect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_of_the_Runaways=Last of the Runaways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_(EP)=Rain (40 Below Summer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Harriet=Dirty Harriet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unexpected_(Lumidee_album)=Unexpected (Lumidee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_to_Mourn=A Time to Mourn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_Songs=Field Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Act_II:_The_Meaning_of,_and_All_Things_Regarding_Ms._Leading=Act II: The Meaning of, and All Things Regarding Ms. Leading
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Forever_(album)=After Forever (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Together_Now_(Argent_album)=All Together Now (Argent)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_The=In Search of The
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Basement_Tapes=The Basement Tapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Eyes=Beautiful Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Thrash=New York Thrash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30:_Very_Best_of_Deep_Purple=30: Very Best of Deep Purple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poems,_Prayers_&_Promises=Poems, Prayers and Promises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Perspective=A New Perspective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Byrd=Love Byrd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demolition_(Girlschool_album)=Demolition (Girlschool)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_and_Run_(Girlschool_album)=Hit and Run (Girlschool)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._Brown_Posse=B.Brown Posse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encores_(EP)=Encores (Dire Straits)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance!...Ya_Know_It!=Dance!...Ya Know It!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Revolution_Transmission=A Revolution Transmission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_on_The_Sopranos=Colonna sonora de I Soprano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_(Chris_Cornell_album)=Carry On (Chris Cornell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_Knows_My_Name=The Devil Knows My Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Stone_Cherry_(album)=Black Stone Cherry (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Concert_(Jethro_Tull_album)=Jethro Tull in Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(The_Doors_album)=The Doors Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leavin'_Trunk/She_Said,_She_Said=Leavin' Trunk/She Said, She Said
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Buy_My_Love=Can't Buy My Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_a_Damn_Thing_Changed=Ain't a Damn Thing Changed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axxess_&_Ace=Axxess & Ace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Time_(Melanie_C_album)=This Time (album Melanie C)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_(Bobby_Brown_album)=Bobby (Bobby Brown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvador_(Ricardo_Villalobos_album)=Salvador (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brotherhood_(3T_album)=Brotherhood (3T)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_of_the_Kings_(EP)=Valley of the Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_Dirty_(album)=Play Dirty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Sensation=Wicked Sensation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Bill=Still Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Flesh_Aquarium=In a Flesh Aquarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historic_Performances_Recorded_at_the_Monterey_International_Pop_Festival=Historic Performances Recorded at the Monterey International Pop Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soundtrack_Recordings_from_the_Film_Jimi_Hendrix=Sound Track Recordings from the Film Jimi Hendrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_(Bobby_Brown_album)=Forever (Bobby Brown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...From_the_Pagan_Vastlands=...From the Pagan Vastlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Landing_(Jimi_Hendrix_album)=Crash Landing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Man:_The_Definitive_Hits=Rocket Man: The Definitive Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Lightning=Midnight Lightning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loose_Ends_(Jimi_Hendrix_album)=Loose Ends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experience_(Jimi_Hendrix_album)=Experience (album Jimi Hendrix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_to_the_Universe=Nine to the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wichita_Train_Whistle_Sings=The Wichita Train Whistle Sings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Bianco_(album)=Matt Bianco (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Reputation_(Joan_Jett_album)=Bad Reputation (Joan Jett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Definitive_Rock_Collection_(White_Lion_album)=The Definitive Rock Collection (White Lion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(The_Police_album)=Greatest Hits (The Police)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourth_World,_Vol._1:_Possible_Musics=Fourth World, Vol. 1: Possible Musics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worlds_Apart_(Saga_album)=Worlds Apart (Saga)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_High..._Valley_Low=Mountain High... Valley Low
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lies_for_the_Liars=Lies for the Liars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid_Acrobat_as_Regards_the_Air=Liquid Acrobat as Regards the Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Culture_Club_album)=Culture Club Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hip_Hug-Her=Hip Hug-Her
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicle,_Vol._2=Chronicle, Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ascension_(Glenn_Branca_album)=The Ascension (Glenn Branca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Excess_in_Its_Purest_Form=Sonic Excess in Its Purest Form
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Storm_(Yolanda_Adams_album)=Through the Storm (Yolanda Adams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lush_Life_(John_Coltrane_album)=Lush Life (John Coltrane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Pearls=Black Pearls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coltrane_Jazz=Coltrane Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Avant-Garde_(album)=The Avant-Garde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mating_Call=Mating Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_About_Time_(Jonas_Brothers_album)=It's About Time (Jonas Brothers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neck_and_Neck=Neck and Neck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_Daylight_(Infernal_album)=Waiting for Daylight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/23_(Blonde_Redhead_album)=23 (Blonde Redhead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disneymania_2=DisneyMania 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disneymania_4=DisneyMania 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disneymania_5=DisneyMania 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Ellington_&_John_Coltrane=Duke Ellington & John Coltrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coltrane_(1962_album)=Coltrane (album 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Major_Works_of_John_Coltrane=The Major Works of John Coltrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_to_You_(re-mix)_+_3=Nothing to You (re-mix) + 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukather=Lukather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anima_Animus=Anima Animus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_December=My December
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Time_Goes_By_(The_Carpenters_album)=As Time Goes By (The Carpenters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Love_to_Admire=Our Love to Admire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tevin_Campbell_(album)=Tevin Campbell (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Our_Worst=At Our Worst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synthesizer_(album)=Synthesizer (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscillator_(EP)=Oscillator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Hour_Revenge_Therapy=24 Hour Revenge Therapy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feast_(The_Creatures_album)=Feast (The Creatures)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Baby_Attacked_by_Rats=City Baby Attacked by Rats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headz_or_Tailz=Headz or Tailz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Snake_(album)=White Snake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_(Fischerspooner_album)=1 (Fischerspooner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Girl=Real Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesson_No._1=Lesson No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Live_Assassins=Double Live Assassins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Art_(album)=Rock Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Feet_High=Ten Feet High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omnio=Omnio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Energy_(album)=Wild Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resta_in_ascolto=Resta in ascolto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Famous_(Lumidee_album)=Almost Famous (Lumidee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis_(Job_for_a_Cowboy_album)=Genesis (Job for a Cowboy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jab_We_Met=L'amore arriva in treno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scattered_Ashes:_A_Decade_of_Emperial_Wrath=Scattered Ashes: A Decade of Emperial Wrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Paris_05=Live in Paris 05
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Inside_(Laura_Pausini_album)=From the Inside (Laura Pausini)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Circle_(Drowning_Pool_album)=Full Circle (Drowning Pool)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Last=Who's Last
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Years_(Armin_van_Buuren_album)=10 Years (Armin van Buuren)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Fast,_Die_Fast=Live Fast, Die Fast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Time_(Morning_Musume_album)=First Time (Morning Musume)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stash_(EP)=Stash (Cypress Hill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Look_Look=Look Look Look
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_(Naked_City_album)=Radio (Naked City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Still_Living=It's Still Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach_House_(album)=Beach House (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wide_Awake_in_Dreamland=Wide Awake in Dreamland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Tiger=Easy Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Must_Obey=We Must Obey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Sandy_Devotional=Born Sandy Devotional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedlam_Born=Bedlam Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disembodied_(Buckethead_album)=Disembodied (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_Duff:_All_Access_Pass=All Access Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learning_to_Fly_(video)=Learning to Fly (Hilary Duff)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Reckoning_(album)=Dead Reckoning (Threshold)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destroy_to_Create=Destroy to Create
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_in_Red_and_Gray=Songs in Red and Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_the_World=Buck the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orchestra_of_Wolves=Orchestra of Wolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Passion_Play=Dark Passion Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_for_You_(album)=Die for You (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mera_Me_Ti_Mera=Mera me tī mera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_Logia_Ellinika=Me logia ellīnika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravan_(Caravan_album)=Caravan (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Parc_(album)=Le Parc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Desert=Green Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underwater_Sunlight=Underwater Sunlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_on_the_Beach=Lily on the Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screenplaying=Screenplaying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_Rust=Beauty and Rust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_to_Heaven=Here to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seen_Between_the_Lines=Seen Between the Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_of_the_Breed_(album)=Last of the Breed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellfire_(album)=Hellfire (1349)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Colours_(Level_42_album)=True Colours (Level 42)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staring_at_the_Sun_(Level_42_album)=Staring at the Sun (Level 42)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Inhuman=Only Inhuman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellyeah_(album)=Hellyeah (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Days_You_Eat_the_Bear=Some Days You Eat the Bear...and Some Days the Bear Eats You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Up_(Mase_album)=Double Up (Ma$e)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punk_Goes_Acoustic_2=Punk Goes Acoustic 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stash_(Bongzilla_album)=Stash (Bongzilla)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_The_Doobie_Brothers=The Very Best of The Doobie Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Found_Heaven_Right_Here_on_Earth_at_%224033%22=We Found Heaven Right Here on Earth at "4033"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_(album)=Quantum (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covers_(Placebo_album)=Covers (Placebo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Button-Down_Mind_of_Bob_Newhart=The Button-Down Mind of Bob Newhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_You_(Kenny_Chesney_album)=Me and You (Kenny Chesney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classics_(Sarah_Brightman_album)=Classics (Sarah Brightman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Committee_(film)=The Committee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_House_(album)=Rough House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairweather_Johnson=Fairweather Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musical_Chairs_(Hootie_&_the_Blowfish_album)=Musical Chairs (Hootie & the Blowfish)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hootie_&_the_Blowfish_(album)=Hootie & the Blowfish (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_&_Latest_(Warrant_album)=Greatest & Latest (Warrant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psalms_of_Extinction=Psalms of Extinction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Shoes,_No_Shirt,_No_Problems=No Shoes, No Shirt, No Problems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Want_for_Christmas_Is_a_Real_Good_Tan=All I Want for Christmas Is a Real Good Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_as_You_Are_(Songs_from_an_Old_Blue_Chair)=Be as You Are (Songs from an Old Blue Chair)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apt._(album)=APT (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rory_Gallagher_(album)=Rory Gallagher (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naveed_(album)=Naveed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee_(Bran_Van_3000_album)=Glee (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awakening_(Caliban_album)=The Awakening (Caliban)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Babies_(Hall_&_Oates_album)=War Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daryl_Hall_&_John_Oates_(album)=Daryl Hall & John Oates (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_the_Red_Ledge=Along the Red Ledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livetime=Livetime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elect_the_Dead=Elect the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insomniac_Doze=Insomniac Doze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Up_(R._Kelly_album)=Double Up (R. Kelly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Grande_Dub=Rio Grande Dub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riot!=Riot!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truest_Shit_I_Ever_Said=The Truest Shit I Ever Said
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C-P-3.com=C-P-3.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_or_Death_(C-Murder_album)=Life or Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Makers_of...=From the Makers of
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_in_Crime=Trapped in Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dude_(Quincy_Jones_album)=The Dude (album Quincy Jones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mingus_Dynasty=Mingus Dynasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipservice=Lipservice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Authority_(album)=Port Authority (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warped_Tour_Bootleg_Series=Warped Tour Bootleg Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dieci_stratagemmi=Dieci stratagemmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield_(album)=Sheffield (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Ely_(album)=Joe Ely (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rom_5:12=Rom 5:12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Songs_(Beatles_album)=Love Songs (The Beatles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalancha=Avalancha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianola_Mississippi_Seeds=Indianola Mississippi Seeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel's_Egg_(album)=Angel's Egg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Scofield_Live=John Scofield Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_(Gong_album)=You (Gong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Ridge_Rangers=The Blue Ridge Rangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_Final_Fantasy_VIII=Final Fantasy VIII Original Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Teapot_(album)=Flying Teapot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Feel_Me_Tremble=Come Feel Me Tremble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overture_of_the_Wicked=Overture of the Wicked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberation_(1349_album)=Liberation (1349)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobilize_(Grant-Lee_Phillips_album)=Mobilize (Grant-Lee Phillips)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framing_Armageddon:_Something_Wicked_Part_1=Framing Armageddon (Something Wicked Part I)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasten_Down_the_Wind=Hasten Down the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Dreams=Simple Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attica_Blues_(album)=Attica Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Blood_Last_Cuts=First Blood Last Cuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crucible_of_Man:_Something_Wicked_Part_2=The Crucible of Man (Something Wicked Part II)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goin'_Off=Goin' Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Given_to_the_Rising=Given to the Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Meditations_(for_quartet)=First Meditations (for quartet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Brush_Arbors=Old Brush Arbors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Country_Hits=New Country Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Country_&_Western_Music=Mr. Country & Western Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_(Joni_Mitchell_album)=Shine (Joni Mitchell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_(Martina_McBride_album)=Evolution (Martina McBride)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotion_(Martina_McBride_album)=Emotion (Martina McBride)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrome_(Trace_Adkins_album)=Chrome (Trace Adkins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quique=Quique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burial_(Extol_album)=Burial (Extol)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Wave_(Against_Me!_album)=New Wave (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_from_Reality=Coming from Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodriguez_at_His_Best=At His Best (Rodriguez)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balaklava_(album)=Balaklava (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_II=Dream II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_of_Dreams=Dawn of Dreams (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaooohs=Khaooohs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Highway_(Bon_Jovi_album)=Lost Highway (album Bon Jovi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaooohs_and_Kon-Fus-Ion=Khaooohs and Kon-Fus-Ion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drive_(Alan_Jackson_album)=Drive (Alan Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/18_(Nana_Kitade_album)=18 -eighteen-
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vol._1_(Hurt_album)=Vol. 1 (Hurt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_David_Bowie_1980/1987=The Best of David Bowie 1980/1987
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fast_and_the_Furious_(soundtrack)=The Fast and the Furious (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriage_of_Heaven_and_Hell_Part_I=The Marriage of Heaven and Hell - Part One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriage_of_Heaven_and_Hell_Part_II=The Marriage of Heaven and Hell - Part Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tradimento=Tradimento (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Wembley_Arena,_London,_England=Live from Wembley Arena, London, England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Zeus!=Hey Zeus!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight's_the_Night...Live=Tonight's the Night...Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lullabies_(EP)=Lullabies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Door_Men=Back Door Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prophet:_The_Best_of_the_Works=The Prophet: The Best of the Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saviour_(album)=Saviour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Point_of_View=My Point of View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takin'_Off=Takin' Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Opera=Ghost Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurr=Kurr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_in_Control=She's in Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hip_Hop_Lives=Hip Hop Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_(soundtrack)=Ci vediamo venerdì (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kala_(album)=Kala (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyger_(album)=Tyger (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_the_Fuck_Is_Wrong_with_You_People%3F=What the Fuck Is Wrong with You People?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Life_(Talking)=Still Life (Talking)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strength_&_Loyalty=Strength & Loyalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_I_Do=What I Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_I_Love=Everything I Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_of_Your_Smile_(Astrud_Gilberto_album)=The Shadow Of Your Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_Volume_II_(Alan_Jackson_album)=Greatest Hits Volume II (Alan Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prayer_for_the_Weekend=Prayer for the Weekend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rakamonie_EP=The Rakamonie EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_(Luna_Sea_album)=Shine (Luna Sea)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_(Luna_Sea_album)=Mother (Luna Sea)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luna_Sea_(Luna_Sea_album)=Luna Sea (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Knowing=The Knowing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionne_Warwick_in_Valley_of_the_Dolls=Dionne Warwick in Valley of the Dolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Time_a_Bell_Rings_an_Angel_Gets_His_Wings=Every Time a Bell Rings an Angel Gets His Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallingwater_(album)=Fallingwater (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_a_Clear_Night=On a Clear Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Falcon_and_the_Snowman_(album)=The Falcon and the Snowman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_&_Crime=Beauty & Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Face=Game Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghetto_Bill=Ghetto Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Story_(album)=Secret Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idealism_(album)=Idealism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Weapon_(album)=Secret Weapon (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Black=The Big Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torture_Garden_(album)=Torture Garden (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_Gaelic=Play Gaelic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flyin'_Shoes=Flyin' Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_My_Window_(album)=At My Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prog_(album)=Prog (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abandoned_Language=Abandoned Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Here_We_Go_Sublime=From Here We Go Sublime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefinger=Bluefinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estrella_de_mar=Estrella de mar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Album_(Joan_Jett_album)=Album (Joan Jett & the Blackhearts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ideal_Condition=The Ideal Condition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Version_(album)=Version
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Old-Fashioned_Christmas=An Old-Fashioned Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relentless_(Pentagram_album)=Pentagram (Pentagram)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt,_Sun_and_Time=Salt, Sun and Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Deeper_Blue=No Deeper Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1st_(The_Rasmus_EP)=1st (The Rasmus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alias_(album)=Alias (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_a_Geisha_(soundtrack)=Memoirs of a Geisha (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonus_Fat=Bonus Fat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ga_Ga_Ga_Ga_Ga=Ga Ga Ga Ga Ga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Things_at_Once=Two Things at Once
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flies_&_Lies=Flies & Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Single_Factor=The Single Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbour_of_Tears=Harbour of Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nod_and_a_Wink=A Nod and a Wink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stationary_Traveller=Stationary Traveller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Road_1981=On the Road 1981
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pressure_Points:_Live_in_Concert=Pressure Points: Live in Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajaz=Rajaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Road_1972=On the Road 1972
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_We_Are_(Lifehouse_album)=Who We Are (Lifehouse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Con_(album)=The Con
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_1980/86=Live 1980/86
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Listening%3F_(Dolores_O'Riordan_album)=Are You Listening?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reba:_Duets=Reba: Duets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_Silence_(Red_album)=End of Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trilogy_(ATB_album)=Trilogy (ATB)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impressions_in_Blood=Impressions in Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Physics_of_Fire=The Physics of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Violate_the_Oblivious=To Violate the Oblivious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C-Note_(album)=C-Note (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molomix=Molomix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schattenreiter=Schattenreiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schindler's_List_(soundtrack)=Schindler's List (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Momento_Descuidado=El Momento Descuidado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Russell_(album)=Leon Russell (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_the_West_(album)=Once Upon a Time in the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis_(Sun_Ra_album)=Atlantis (Sun Ra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belafonte_at_Carnegie_Hall=Belafonte at Carnegie Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twins_(Super_Junior_album)=SuperJunior05 (TWINS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nona_Tapes=The Nona Tapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Who_Are_About_to_Die_Salute_You=Those Who Are About to Die Salute You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimensions_(Believer_album)=Dimensions (Believer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanity_Obscure=Sanity Obscure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Eschaton=Live Eschaton: The Art of Rebellion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crush.Fukk.Create:_Requiem_for_Generation_Armageddon=Crush.Fukk.Create: Requiem for Generation Armageddon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventh_Heaven_(Buck-Tick_album)=Seventh Heaven (Buck-Tick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurry_Up_Mode=Hurry Up Mode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darker_Than_Darkness_-Style_93-=Darker Than Darkness -Style 93-
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmos_(Buck-Tick_album)=Cosmos (Buck-Tick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance_(The_Association_album)=Renaissance (The Association)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_ist_nicht_die_ganze_Wahrheit...=Das ist nicht die ganze Wahrheit...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Dog_Daddy=Big Dog Daddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utopia_(Utopia_album)=Utopia (Utopia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pain_&_Suffering=Pain & Suffering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anonymous_(Tomahawk_album)=Anonymous (Tomahawk)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Jansch_(album)=Bert Jansch (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drop_(album)=The Drop (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neroli_(album)=Neroli (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sicks_(album)=Sicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutie_Bunny=Cutie Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velvet_Gloves_and_Spit=Velvet Gloves and Spit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Love's_Travelling_Salvation_Show=Brother Love's Travelling Salvation Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Matter_of_Attitude=A Matter of Attitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touching_You,_Touching_Me=Touching You, Touching Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expectations_(Keith_Jarrett_album)=Expectations (Keith Jarrett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_Limb_(album)=Phantom Limb (Pig Destroyer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniacal_Renderings=Maniacal Renderings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underclass_Hero=Underclass Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bone_Palace_Ballet=Bone Palace Ballet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_Show_(The_Go-Go's_album)=Talk Show (The Go-Go's)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unborn_Child=Unborn Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_for_More_(Natalia_album)=Back for More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_(The_Go-Go's_album)=Greatest (The Go-Go's)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Time_(Natalia_album)=This Time (Natalia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_and_More_(Natalia_album)=Everything & More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_the_Valley_of_The_Go-Go's=Return to the Valley of the Go-Go's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nude_&_Rude:_The_Best_of_Iggy_Pop=Nude & Rude: The Best of Iggy Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orchestral_Tubular_Bells=The Orchestral Tubular Bells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Springsteen_with_The_Sessions_Band:_Live_in_Dublin=Bruce Springsteen with the Sessions Band: Live in Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Inquisition=American Inquisition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utd._State_90=Ninety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_220=Classic 220
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Love_(album)=The Art of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wheel_of_Time_(album)=The Wheel of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Down/Sun_Rise=Sun Down / Sun Rise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Fellows_Rest=Odd Fellows Rest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_the_Caribbean:_At_World's_End_(soundtrack)=Pirati dei Caraibi - Ai confini del mondo (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Concert_2006=Live in Concert 2006
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterpiece_Theatre_(En_Vogue_album)=Masterpiece Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/28_Days_(album)=28 Days (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_of_the_Innocents=Twilight of the Innocents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shades_of_Two_Worlds=Shades of Two Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challengers_(album)=Challengers (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrash_Anthems=Thrash Anthems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Bains_Douches_18_December_1979=Les Bains Douches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Hard_It_Is=How Hard It Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperial_Live_Ceremony=Emperial Live Ceremony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage_on_the_Rocks/Rock_Bottom=Marriage on the Rocks/Rock Bottom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison'd!=Poison'd!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_(50_Cent_album)=Curtis (50 Cent)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Correct_Use_of_Soap=The Correct Use of Soap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_the_Fuzz=Here Comes the Fuzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reheated=Reheated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_(Scorpions_album)=Gold (Scorpions)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_in_Fear=Living in Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex,_Love_&_Pain=Sex, Love & Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animals_with_Human_Intelligence=Animals with Human Intelligence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/45_RPM_(album)=45 RPM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irreemplazable=Irreemplazable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Me_Irresponsible_(album)=Call Me Irresponsible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Power_(album)=Will Power (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theology_(album)=Theology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homecoming_in_Heaven=Homecoming in Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_Doom=Venus Doom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unleashed_(Toby_Keith_album)=Unleashed (Toby Keith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cartel_(album)=El cartel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Delicate_Thing_We've_Made=This Delicate Thing We've Made
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Least_Successful_Human_Cannonball=The Least Successful Human Cannonball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Hell_Breaks_Loose_(Destruction_album)=All Hell Breaks Loose (Destruction)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Discharge=Metal Discharge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bed-Sitter_Images=Bed-Sitter Images
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Ole_Opry's_New_Star=Grand Ole Opry's New Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kix_(album)=Kix (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Kids_(album)=Cool Kids (album Kix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnite_Dynamite=Midnite Dynamite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_the_Fire=Keep the Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughter_&_Lust=Laughter & Lust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blow_My_Fuse=Blow My Fuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Business_(album)=Show Business (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_No._1_(album)=Symphony No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooler_Conditions=Cooler Conditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warmer_Side_of_Cool=The Warmer Side of Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Live_and_Die_in_L.A._(soundtrack)=To Live and Die in L.A. (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bonny_Bunch_of_Roses_(album)=The Bonny Bunch of Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singularity_(Peter_Hammill_album)=Singularity (Peter Hammill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Adventure=High Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Must_Become_the_Change_We_Want_to_See=We Must Become the Change We Want to See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vox_Humana_(Kenny_Loggins_album)=Vox Humana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_4_(Joe_Jackson_album)=Volume 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bu-ikikaesu=Bu-ikikaesu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rain_(Ozzy_Osbourne_album)=Black Rain (Ozzy Osbourne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leap_of_Faith_(Kenny_Loggins_album)=Leap of Faith (Kenny Loggins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comin'_Home_Baby!=Comin' Home Baby!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance_(Renaissance_album)=Renaissance (Renaissance)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Famous_1938_Carnegie_Hall_Jazz_Concert=The Famous 1938 Carnegie Hall Jazz Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Norra_Alila=El Norra Alila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Ghosthorse_and_Stillborn=The Adventures of Ghosthorse and Stillborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BYO_Split_Series_Volume_I=BYO Split Series, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abriendo_Puertas_(Gloria_Estefan_album)=Abriendo puertas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria!=Gloria!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unwrapped_(album)=Unwrapped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passengers_(Mostly_Autumn_album)=Passengers (Mostly Autumn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Ot_'n'_Sweaty='Ot 'n' Sweaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comfort_Zone_(album)=The Comfort Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Soul=Solar Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memory_Almost_Full=Memory Almost Full
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Mother=To Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peel_Sessions_(Babes_in_Toyland_album)=The Peel Sessions (Babes in Toyland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_All_Love_Ennio_Morricone=We All Love Ennio Morricone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_(Brandi_Carlile_album)=The Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songbird_(Willie_Nelson_album)=Songbird (Willie Nelson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_On_(Izzy_Stradlin_album)=Ride On (Izzy Stradlin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Neighborhood_(album)=The Neighborhood (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Send_(album)=Send
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Else=The Else
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Days_at_the_Hotel_Existence=Dream Days at the Hotel Existence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirsty_and_Miserable=Thirsty and Miserable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weapons_of_Grass_Destruction=Weapons of Grass Destruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photo-Finish=Photo-Finish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Painkillers_(EP)=Painkillers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Venus!=Hey Venus!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love:_Destiny=Love: Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_End_of_Paths_Taken=At the End of Paths Taken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogaloo_(Nazareth_album)=Boogaloo (Nazareth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gabber_Mixes=The Gabber Mixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assault_Attack=Assault Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziltoid_the_Omniscient=Ziltoid the Omniscient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Fast_2_Furious_(soundtrack)=2 Fast 2 Furious (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_of_a_Toy=Joy of a Toy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abattoir_Blues_Tour=The Abattoir Blues Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Religion_(album)=New Religion (Primal Fear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skynyrd's_First_and..._Last=Skynyrd's First and... Last
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_(Lynyrd_Skynyrd_album)=Legend (Lynyrd Skynyrd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_of_Fortune_(Loudness_album)=Soldier of Fortune (Loudness)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Prowl_(album)=On the Prowl (Loudness)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_You_Are_(Cary_Brothers_album)=Who You Are (Cary Brothers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Were_the_Days_(Dolly_Parton_album)=Those Were the Days (Dolly Parton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standards_&_Practices_(album)=Standards & Practices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genius_of_Modern_Music:_Volume_1=Genius of Modern Music: Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Chung_(album)=Huang Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/December_(Kenny_Loggins_album)=December (Kenny Loggins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Songs_from_Pooh_Corner=More Songs from Pooh Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dethalbum=The Dethalbum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3750=3750
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Full_of_Sky=Heart Full of Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Obsessed_(album)=The Obsessed (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunar_Womb=Lunar Womb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Church_Within=The Church Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Testament=The Real Testament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Away_from_Conformity=Far Away from Conformity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Your_Blood=In Your Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Angels_(album)=All Angels (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_LeAnn_Rimes=The Best of LeAnn Rimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advance_to_the_Fall=Advance to the Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_of_Joy=Sound of Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolate_Milk_(album)=Chocolate Milk (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boomtown_(Toby_Keith_album)=Boomtown (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindcrime_at_the_Moore=Mindcrime at the Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuffria_(album)=Giuffria (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/None_Shall_Pass=None Shall Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Talk_About_Love_(Modern_Talking_album)=Let's Talk About Love (Modern Talking)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Middle_of_Nowhere=In the Middle of Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romantic_Warriors=Romantic Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_(Brainstorm_album)=Hungry (Brainstorm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Garden_of_Venus=In the Garden of Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unholy_(Brainstorm_album)=Unholy (Brainstorm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Light_(David_Coverdale_album)=Into the Light (David Coverdale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_un_amico=Per un amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runter_mit_den_Spendierhosen,_Unsichtbarer!=Runter mit den Spendierhosen, Unsichtbarer!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insomnia_(Hed_PE_album)=Insomnia (Hed P.E.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_&_Famous=Rich & Famous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennett/Berlin=Bennett/Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_(Ultra_album)=Ultra (Ultra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenosapien=Xenosapien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_(Donna_Summer_album)=Gold (Donna Summer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Legend:_Certified_D-Boy=Living Legend: Certified D-Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyalty_and_Betrayal_(E-40_album)=Loyalty and Betrayal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That_I_Am_(Joe_album)=All That I Am (Joe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Hustle:_The_Blueprint_of_a_Self-Made_Millionaire=Charlie Hustle: The Blueprint of a Self-Made Millionaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_the_Headlights=Kill the Headlights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tha_Hall_of_Game=Tha Hall of Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_(album)=Federal (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mail_Man=The Mail Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drastic_Fantastic=Drastic Fantastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collection_(Clannad_album)=The Collection (Clannad)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Wang_Chung_Tonight:_Wang_Chung's_Greatest_Hits=Everybody Wang Chung Tonight: Wang Chung's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrivals_&_Departures=Arrivals & Departures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papito_(album)=Papito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangstabilly=Gangstabilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deep_Purple_Singles_A's_and_B's=The Deep Purple Singles A's & B's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insomniac_(Enrique_Iglesias_album)=Insomniac (Enrique Iglesias)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthology_(Steve_Miller_Band_album)=Anthology (Steve Miller Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Tragedy=Beautiful Tragedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_to_Face_vs._Dropkick_Murphys=Face to Face vs. Dropkick Murphys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untold_Passion=Untold Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonedhenge=Stonedhenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hate_Freaks_Like_You=I Hate Freaks Like You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zonked!=Zonked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_tha_Ghetto:_Power=King of tha Ghetto: Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dear=My Dear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahavishnu_(album)=Mahavishnu (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_(Patti_Smith_album)=Twelve (Patti Smith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storms_of_Life=Storms of Life (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_That_See_in_the_Dark=Eyes That See in the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Lee_and_Company=Alvin Lee and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_(Delta_Goodrem_album)=Delta (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bette_Midler_Sings_the_Rosemary_Clooney_Songbook=Bette Midler Sings the Rosemary Clooney Songbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fables_from_a_Mayfly:_What_I_Tell_You_Three_Times_Is_True=Fables from a Mayfly: What I Tell You Three Times Is True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter.funda.stifle=Inter.funda.stifle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Come_the_123s=Here Come the 123s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Big_Thing=Next Big Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_End_Has_a_Start=An End Has a Start
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greasy_Truckers_Live_at_Dingwalls_Dance_Hall=Greasy Truckers Live at Dingwalls Dance Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_for_the_Sky=Late for the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deliver_Us=Deliver Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saints_Are_Coming:_The_Best_of_The_Skids=The Saints Are Coming: The Best of The Skids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Traveling_Wilburys_Collection=The Traveling Wilburys Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_&_Soul_(Joe_Cocker_album)=Heart & Soul (Joe Cocker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_of_da_Apes=Planet of da Apes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wet_(album)=Wet (Barbra Streisand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand_New_(Salt-n-Pepa_album)=Brand New (Salt-n-Pepa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antichrist_(Akercocke_album)=Antichrist (Akercocke)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_(Justice_album)=Cross (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Apollo,_I'm_Burning_Star_IV,_Volume_Two:_No_World_for_Tomorrow=Good Apollo, I'm Burning Star IV, Volume Two: No World for Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_Mouth=Church Mouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_in_the_USA=Living in the USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/22_(album)=22 (Parva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hustlenomics=Hustlenomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VYP_(Voice_of_the_Young_People)=VYP: Voice of the Young People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_by_Sun_Ra=Jazz by Sun Ra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_Look=Now Look
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahoney's_Last_Stand=Mahoney's Last Stand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_Some_Neck=Gimme Some Neck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1234_(Ronnie_Wood_album)=1234 (Ronnie Wood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slide_on_This=Slide on This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_&_Eclectic=Live and Eclectic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_for_Beginners=Not for Beginners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Days_of_Gravity=The Last Days of Gravity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Reyes_del_Nuevo_Milenio=Los reyes del nuevo milenio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_on_Board=Soul on Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shot_in_the_Dark_(album)=Shot in the Dark (Great White)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocks_in_the_Head=Rocks in the Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Nuevos_a_Viejos=De nuevos a viejos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_a_Raging_Moon_(album)=Under a Raging Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Passages=Purple Passages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collection_(Anthrax_album)=The Collection (Anthrax)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Rising_Sun=Under the Rising Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolling_Thunder_(album)=Rolling Thunder (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Stories_(album)=War Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pleasures_of_Electricity=The Pleasures of Electricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_the_Sun_(soundtrack)=Empire of the Sun: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthem_for_the_Underdog=Anthem for the Underdog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mix-Up=The Mix-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunchback_of_Notre_Dame_(soundtrack)=The Hunchback of Notre Dame (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(musical)=Time (musical)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Living_Dead_Boys=Night of the Living Dead Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Beginning_(SWV_album)=New Beginning (SWV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Glorious_Times=In Glorious Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Social_Distortion_album)=Greatest Hits (Social Distortion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dippin'=Dippin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Howling_(EP)=The Howling (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Carpenter_(album)=Karen Carpenter (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wow_(Superbus_album)=Wow (Superbus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warriorz=Warriorz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Know_Who_You_Are%3F=Do You Know Who You Are?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boomania=Boomania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Morning_(album)=Saturday Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodred_Massacre=Bloodred Massacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Full:_Live_at_the_L.A._Troubadour=House Full
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pull_the_Pin=Pull the Pin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonely_Grill=Lonely Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_More_(EP)=I Want More (Shotgun Messiah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_World_(album)=The Burning World (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Perfect_World...=In a Perfect World...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Gorge_05/06=Live at the Gorge 05/06
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supreme_Beings_of_Leisure_(album)=Supreme Beings of Leisure (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Wait_to_See_the_Movie=Can't Wait to See the Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keystones!=Keystones!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverley_Craven_(album)=Beverley Craven (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Broadway=Back to Broadway (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Gill_(1983_album)=Johnny Gill (album 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashback:_The_Best_of_38_Special=Flashback: The Best of 38 Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5th_Gear_(album)=5th Gear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Influence_(Alan_Jackson_album)=Under the Influence (Alan Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bee_Gees_Greatest=Greatest (Bee Gees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Somebody_Loves_You_(album)=When Somebody Loves You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retox_(album)=Retox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkeys_for_Nothin'_and_the_Chimps_for_Free=Monkeys for Nothin' and the Chimps for Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Early_Years_(Deep_Purple_album)=The Early Years (Deep Purple)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_the_Centre_of_the_Earth=Return to the Centre of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Created_Disco=I Created Disco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_of_Love=Light of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahead_Rings_Out=Ahead Rings Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Light_from_the_Mouth_of_Infinity=White Light from the Mouth of Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Disney_Channel=Disney Channel Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Grey_Islands=King of the Grey Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classics_(Kenny_Rogers_and_Dottie_West_album)=Classics (Kenny Rogers e Dottie West)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vida..._Es_Un_Ratico=La vida... es un ratico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Money=Holy Money (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Ocean_Between_Us=An Ocean Between Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satta_(album)=Satta (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Club_Cup=The Flying Club Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empires_(VNV_Nation_album)=Empires (VNV Nation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amid_Its_Hallowed_Mirth=Amid Its Hallowed Mirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Beauty:_Original_Motion_Picture_Score=American Beauty: Original Motion Picture Score
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Definition_of_X:_The_Pick_of_the_Litter=The Definition of X: The Pick of the Litter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sworn_to_the_Dark=Sworn to the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_Is_Begun=The End Is Begun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Fleur=Ma Fleur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomsword_(album)=Doomsword (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Tuna_(album)=Hot Tuna (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_in_the_East_(album)=Thunder in the East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_(Tokio_Hotel_album)=Scream (album Tokio Hotel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silhouette_in_Red=Silhouette in Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Time_(Los_Lobos_album)=This Time (Los Lobos)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Blueprint_of_the_World=A Blueprint of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Partying=The Art of Partying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Family_4_Life=First Family 4 Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Years_and_Gunnin'=10 Years and Gunnin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Bo_Diddley=Go Bo Diddley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colossal_Head=Colossal Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stage_Names=The Stage Names
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messengers_(album)=Messengers (August Burns Red)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Blacklight=Under the Blacklight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice-T_VI:_Return_of_the_Real=Ice-T VI: Return of the Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/90_Millas=90 millas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guns_in_the_Ghetto=Guns in the Ghetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_(Eloy_album)=Ocean (Eloy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Song_Contest_2008=Eurovision Song Contest 2008
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Different_(Kate_Ryan_album)=Different (Kate Ryan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Got_the_Last_Laugh_Now%3F=Who's Got the Last Laugh Now?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterday_and_Today=Yesterday and Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_and_the_Tyranny=Melody and the Tyranny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Adult_Fantasy_(album)=Amazing Adult Fantasy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(Yo_Gotti_album)=Life (Yo Gotti)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soak_It_Up=Soak It Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Pack_(The_Police_box_set)=Six Pack (The Police)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misery_Loves_Kompany=Misery Loves Kompany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_California_74=Live in California 74
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_the_Boys_(Gretchen_Wilson_album)=One of the Boys (Gretchen Wilson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acoustic_Shards=Acoustic Shards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instant_Karma:_The_Amnesty_International_Campaign_to_Save_Darfur=Instant Karma: The Amnesty International Campaign to Save Darfur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_Told_by_Dead_Friends=Tales Told by Dead Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lesson_in_Romantics=A Lesson in Romantics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spazchow=Spazchow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_Final_Fantasy_III=Musica di Final Fantasy III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_Final_Fantasy_IX=Final Fantasy IX Original Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contagious_(Y&T_album)=Contagious (Y&T)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ra_(Utopia_album)=Ra (Utopia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Beautiful_Day_(album)=It's a Beautiful Day (It's a Beautiful Day)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Concert_(Keith_Jarrett_album)=Paris Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nil_(album)=Nil (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Nights_&_Sunday_Mornings=Saturday Nights & Sunday Mornings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Spell=First Spell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Music_Stops=After the Music Stops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apostasy=The Apostasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_(Namie_Amuro_album)=Play (Namie Amuro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Safe_as_Yesterday_Is=As Safe as Yesterday Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Far_Away_(album)=So Far Away (The Chords)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Private_Ryan_(soundtrack)=Salvate il soldato Ryan (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Million_Dollar_Hotel_(soundtrack)=The Million Dollar Hotel (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_Jam=Strawberry Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divine_Conspiracy=The Divine Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_City_(album)=Free City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Small_Circle_of_Friends_(album)=A Small Circle of Friends (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bit_of_What_You_Fancy=A Bit of What You Fancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitter_Sweet_&_Twisted=Bitter Sweet & Twisted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whispering_Jack=Whispering Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freight_Train_Heart=Freight Train Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quatro_(album)=Quatro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carbon_Copy_Silver_Lining=The Carbon Copy Silver Lining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_People_Change=Some People Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_&_Stripes_(album)=Stars & Stripes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Boston_(The_Doors_album)=Live in Boston 1970
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Number_Ones=The Number Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monument_(Ultravox_album)=Monument - The Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whenever_You_Need_Somebody=Whenever You Need Somebody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How's_It_Going%3F=How's It Going?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Livingston_Seagull_(album)=Jonathan Livingston Seagull (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serenade_(Neil_Diamond_album)=Serenade (Neil Diamond)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box_(Guided_by_Voices_album)=Box (Guided by Voices)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Noise=Beautiful Noise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Japan_2002=Live in Japan 2002 (Simple Plan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsong=Windsong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_and_the_Order_of_the_Phoenix_(soundtrack)=Harry Potter e l'Ordine della Fenice (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Time=Soul Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_Plays_Focus=In and Out of Focus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Wave_Rockers=Last Wave Rockers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Association=The Secret of Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iza,_Now!=Iza, Now!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keb'_Mo'_(album)=Keb' Mo' (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink:_Live_in_Europe=P!nk: Live in Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afterlife_(Nocturnal_Rites_album)=Afterlife (Nocturnal Rites)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madcap's_Flaming_Duty=Madcap's Flaming Duty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collection_(Blue_album)=The Collection (Blue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fancy_Footwork=Fancy Footwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anouk_Is_Alive=Anouk Is Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Streets_(album)=City Streets (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldo_Nova_(album)=Aldo Nova (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subject...Aldo_Nova=Subject...Aldo Nova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_Refuge=Far from Refuge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Me_Your_Soul...Please=Give Me Your Soul...Please
http://dbpedia.org/resource/77_Million_Paintings=77 Million Paintings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austral_Alien=Austral Alien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jar_of_Kingdom=Jar of Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallel_Minds=Parallel Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Your_Multitude=In Your Multitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_(Lush_album)=Split (Lush)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravest_Hits=Gravest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthology_(The_Clean_album)=Anthology (The Clean)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivers_(album)=Shivers (Armin van Buuren)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samba_in_Your_Casa=Samba in Your Casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nue_(album)=Nue (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Lives_Forever=Love Lives Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Be..._Naked=Let It Be... Naked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1100_Bel_Air_Place=1100 Bel Air Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Wish_You_a_Merry_Christmas=To Wish You a Merry Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_of_Nature_(Tank_album)=Force of Nature (Tank)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Denver's_Greatest_Hits=John Denver's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arashic=Arashic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_(Arashi_album)=One (Arashi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Rainbow=The Best of Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_(Commodores_album)=Heroes (Commodores)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vagabond_Heart=Vagabond Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Fans_(Backstreet_Boys_album)=For the Fans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Offspring:_Complete_Music_Video_Collection=Complete Music Video Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Hates_You=Everybody Hates You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joy_of_Gunz=The Joy of Gunz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_8=Liverpool 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aries_(album)=Aries (Luis Miguel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dregs_of_the_Earth=Dregs of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_Invasion=Chemical Invasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Is_Outside=The World Is Outside (album Ghosts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainmaker_(Kevin_Moore_album)=Rainmaker (Keb' Mo')
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_Chances=Taking Chances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormbringer_Ruler=Stormbringer Ruler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Las_Vegas:_A_New_Day...=Live in Las Vegas - A New Day...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liars_(Liars_album)=Liars (Liars)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plagues_(album)=Plagues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_and_Horror=Hope and Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Revenge_(Amanda_Lear_album)=Sweet Revenge (Amanda Lear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_a_Photograph=I Am a Photograph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Boundaries:_A_Benefit_for_the_Kosovar_Refugees=No Boundaries: A Benefit for the Kosovar Refugees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_World_Messiah=New World Messiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowland_(Nocturnal_Rites_album)=Shadowland (Nocturnal Rites)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arashi_No.1_Ichigou:_Arashi_wa_Arashi_o_Yobu!=Arashi No.1 Ichigou: Arashi wa Arashi o Yobu!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordin_Sparks_(EP)=Jordin Sparks (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapitre_7=Chapitre 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Trust_a_Pretty_Face=Never Trust a Pretty Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tam-Tam_(album)=Tam-Tam (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaction_(album)=Reaction (album Rebbie Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R_U_Tuff_Enuff=R U Tuff Enuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xecutioner's_Return=Xecutioner's Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Years_After_(Ten_Years_After_album)=Ten Years After (1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Es_mi_nombre=Es mi nombre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_I_Self_Destruct=Before I Self Destruct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyve_from_Steel_Town=Lyve from Steel Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_of_the_Dog_(album)=Temple of the Dog (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauschgift=Lauschgift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_und_direkt=Live und direkt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_This_Light=Chase This Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Satriani_(EP)=Joe Satriani (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isolate_(Circus_Maximus_album)=Isolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Those_Who_Have_Heart=For Those Who Have Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Their_Name_Was_Treason=And Their Name Was Treason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glorious_Results_of_a_Misspent_Youth=Glorious Results of a Misspent Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Police_(album)=The Police (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Great_Traffic_Jam=The Last Great Traffic Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_the_Dragon=Chase the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Forever=Edge of Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Time_Again=Christmas Time Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynyrd_Skynyrd_Lyve:_The_Vicious_Cycle_Tour=Lynyrd Skynyrd Lyve: The Vicious Cycle Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_City=Psycho City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...If_I_Die,_I_Die=...If I Die, I Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_EP_(Great_White_EP)=The Blue EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latest_&_Greatest=Latest & Greatest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recover_(Great_White_album)=Recover (Great White)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Never_Ending_Way_of_ORWarriOR=The Never Ending Way of ORwarriOR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Aldean_(album)=Jason Aldean (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relentless_(Jason_Aldean_album)=Relentless (Jason Aldean)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Best_Songs=All the Best Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Starts_Tonight=The World Starts Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_an_EP_Release=This Is an EP Release
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beni_(album)=Beni (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nu-Mixx_Klazzics_Vol._2=Nu-Mixx Klazzics Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-Empire=I-Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_(The_Answer_album)=Rise (The Answer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roxx_Regime_Demos=The Roxx Regime Demos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hot_(album)=Red Hot (RuPaul)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_Your_Alley_(album)=Up Your Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warped_Tour_2007_Tour_Compilation=Warped Tour 2007 Tour Compilation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Sessions_(Led_Zeppelin_album)=Led Zeppelin BBC Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Bang=The Biggest Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dressed_Up_as_Life=Dressed Up as Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Earth_(Prince_album)=Planet Earth (Prince)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmutation_(Mutatis_Mutandis)=Transmutation (Mutatis Mutandis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toussaint_(album)=Toussaint (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sign_In_Please=Sign in Please
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karyn_White_(album)=Karyn White (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritual_of_Love=Ritual of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Earth_Sings_Mi_Fa_Mi=The Earth Sings Mi Fa Mi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coast_to_Coast_Carpet_of_Love=Coast to Coast Carpet of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Screen_to_Your_Stereo_Part_II=From the Screen to Your Stereo Part II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Rock_'n'_Roll:_The_Complete_50's_Masters=The King of Rock 'n' Roll: The Complete 50's Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Spirit_(Bonnie_Tyler_album)=Free Spirit (Bonnie Tyler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Radiolina=La radiolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocker_(album)=Cocker (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_a_Little_Faith_(Joe_Cocker_album)=Have a Little Faith (Joe Cocker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield_Steel=Sheffield Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Love_(Linda_Ronstadt_album)=Mad Love (Linda Ronstadt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_(Babyface_album)=Lovers (Babyface)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tender_Lover=Tender Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Will_Kill_You=Life Will Kill You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Cool_in_You=For the Cool in You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_(Babyface_album)=The Day (Babyface)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_with_Babyface=Christmas with Babyface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face2Face_(Babyface_album)=Face2Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Love_(Black_'n_Blue_album)=Without Love (Black 'N Blue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grown_&_Sexy=Grown & Sexy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_a_Mile_in_My_Shoes:_The_Essential_'70s_Masters=Walk a Mile in My Shoes: The Essential 70s Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_It_Up_Faggot=Turn It Up Faggot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Rocket_/_Fall_Out_Boy=Project Rocket/Fall Out Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Do_Your_Thing=You Do Your Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B-Side_(album)=B-Side (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychoschizophrenia=Psychoschizophrenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Collection_(Black_'n_Blue_album)=Ultimate Collection (Black 'N Blue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Fires=Two Fires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Deep_(Jimmy_Barnes_album)=Soul Deep (Jimmy Barnes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_(Jimmy_Barnes_album)=Heat (Jimmy Barnes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overpowered=Overpowered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Wrong,_It's_Right=So Wrong, It's Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Love_Again_(Diana_Ross_album)=To Love Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadavrexquis=Cadavrexquis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anyone_Can_See=Anyone Can See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Great_Hits_(Diana_Ross_album)=All the Great Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Feelin'=What a Feelin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litany_(album)=Litany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'89_Live_in_Japan='89 Live in Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alter_Ego_(Amanda_Lear_album)=Alter Ego (Amanda Lear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That'll_Be_the_Day_(album)=That'll Be the Day (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glad_Fact=The Glad Fact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Ross'_Greatest_Hits=Diana Ross' Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolen_Moments:_The_Lady_Sings..._Jazz_and_Blues=Stolen Moments: The Lady Sings... Jazz and Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_the_Animals_Have_a_Voice=Now the Animals Have a Voice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presenting_the_Fabulous_Ronettes_Featuring_Veronica=Presenting the Fabulous Ronettes Featuring Veronica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Heart_(Bonnie_Tyler_album)=Angel Heart (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Deceiver_(King_Crimson_album)=The Great Deceiver (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Times=The Good Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_(Amanda_Lear_album)=Heart (Amanda Lear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hate_It_or_Love_It_(album)=Hate It or Love It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_in_Vienna_(album)=Christmas in Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_The_Album=Transformers: The Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doors_(soundtrack)=The Doors Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Extended:_The_Remixes=Diana Extended: The Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Real_World_(Sick_Puppies_album)=Welcome to the Real World (Sick Puppies)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Love_(Amanda_Lear_album)=With Love (Amanda Lear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_(Right_Said_Fred_album)=Up (Right Said Fred)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Special_Season=A Very Special Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_of_Love=Voice of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_Brothers_(album)=Jonas Brothers (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Urge_(album)=The Urge (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muertos_Vivos=Muertos Vivos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scythe_(album)=The Scythe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_from_the_Vault=Three from the Vault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Midnight:_Live_in_America=Bright Midnight: Live in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revival_(John_Fogerty_album)=Revival (John Fogerty)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Shakin'=What's Shakin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(Diana_Ross_album)=Blue (Diana Ross)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Nightmare=...nightmare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lights_(Archive_album)=Lights (album Archive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100%25_(Negazione_album)=100% (Negazione)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenth_Sub_Level_of_Suicide=The Tenth Sub Level of Suicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ieri,_oggi=Ieri, oggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Voice_(album)=Little Voice (Sara Bareilles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soundz_of_Freedom=Soundz of Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Queen_to_Gryphon_Three=Red Queen to Gryphon Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_&_Quincy_Live_at_Montreux=Miles & Quincy Live at Montreux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiskey_for_the_Holy_Ghost=Whiskey for the Holy Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fastway_(album)=Fastway (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dealers=The Dealers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stereo_Drive=Coltrane Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alternate_Takes=Alternate Takes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Release_Some_Tension=Release Some Tension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_John_Coltrane_Quartet_Plays=The John Coltrane Quartet Plays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Antibes=Live in Antibes, 1965
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Thing_at_Newport=New Thing at Newport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selflessness:_Featuring_My_Favorite_Things=Selflessness: Featuring My Favorite Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searchin'_for_a_Rainbow=Searchin' for a Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sings_Evergreens=Sings Evergreens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Cycle=Another Cycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_of_Bricks=Made of Bricks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Rapture=Blood Rapture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treason_(album)=Treason (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roots_&_Echoes=Roots and Echoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_to_Rock=The Right to Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scouse_the_Mouse=Scouse the Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gryphon_(album)=Gryphon (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Things_Too=These Things Too
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_(Vader_album)=The Beast (Vader)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelations_(Vader_album)=Revelations (Vader)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Tree_(EP)=Cherry Tree (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_Remembers_When=The Song Remembers When
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper_County_(album)=Jasper County (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Gold_(Pearls_Before_Swine_album)=City of Gold (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quah_(album)=Quah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Nights_(Lonestar_album)=Crazy Nights (Lonestar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raindance_(Gryphon_album)=Raindance (Gryphon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_&_Platinum=Gold & Platinum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Wham!:_If_You_Were_There...=If You Were There (The Best of Wham!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweetest_Gift_(Trisha_Yearwood_album)=The Sweetest Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinkin'_About_You=Thinkin' About You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Out_(Trisha_Yearwood_album)=Inside Out (Trisha Yearwood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Live_Woman=Real Live Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Your_Road_Leads=Where Your Road Leads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_for_the_Road_(Ronnie_Lane_album)=One for the Road (Ronnie Lane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Lies_You_Could_Live_In=...Beautiful Lies You Could Live In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_Stuff_(album)=The Right Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Practice_What_You_Preach=Practice What You Preach (Testament)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archives_(Darkest_Hour_album)=Archives (Darkest Hour)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calling_Card=Calling Card
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Diana_Ross_album)=Greatest Hits (Diana Ross)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familiar_Songs=Familiar Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshower_(album)=Sunshower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Speed_of_Darkness_(EP)=The Speed of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bliss_(Vanessa_Paradis_album)=Bliss (Vanessa Paradis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_One_Rides_the_Bus_(EP)=Another One Rides the Bus (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vom_Bordstein_bis_zur_Skyline=Vom Bordstein bis zur Skyline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_House_(U.D.O._album)=Animal House (U.D.O.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colors_(Between_the_Buried_and_Me_album)=Colors (Between the Buried and Me)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Makin'_Project=Baby Makin' Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busca_una_Mujer=Busca una mujer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(Candlemass_album)=Live (Candlemass)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_in_the_Background_(album)=Living in the Background
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WarCry_(album)=WarCry (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Easy_Tears=Love's Easy Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_What_Is_Not=That What Is Not
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuel_(EP)=Fuel (Fuel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porcelain_(EP)=Porcelain (Fuel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazleton_(EP)=Hazleton (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_Is=Is Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muse_(soundtrack)=The Muse Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_Brides=Runaway Brides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Neighbourhood=Beyond the Neighbourhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Part_II_(Brad_Paisley_album)=Part II (Brad Paisley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Music_(Joan_Jett_and_the_Blackhearts_album)=Good Music (Joan Jett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hit_List_(Joan_Jett_album)=The Hit List (Joan Jett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electro_Ghetto=Electro Ghetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notorious_(Joan_Jett_album)=Notorious (Joan Jett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashback_(Joan_Jett_album)=Flashback (Joan Jett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Long_Grass=In the Long Grass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Separates=Separates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Heat_(album)=This Heat (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_the_Heat_off_Me=Take the Heat Off Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pull_My_Chain=Pull My Chain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archangels_in_Black=Archangels in Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceans_of_Fantasy=Oceans of Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Walkin'=Dream Walkin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Keith_(album)=Toby Keith (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_of_the_Hard_Stuff=More of the Hard Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Drop_of_the_Hard_Stuff=A Drop of the Hard Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_Shelton_(album)=Blake Shelton (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dreamer_(Blake_Shelton_album)=The Dreamer (Blake Shelton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dig_Out_Your_Soul=Dig Out Your Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bedlam_in_Goliath=The Bedlam in Goliath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ten_Commandments_(Malevolent_Creation_album)=The Ten Commandments (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Cold_Blood_(Malevolent_Creation_album)=In Cold Blood (Malevolent Creation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.E.O._(album)=R.E.O.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/33_(Luis_Miguel_album)=33 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Evidence=Fresh Evidence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_About_Girls=Songs About Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_Shelton's_Barn_&_Grill=Blake Shelton's Barn & Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_BS=Pure BS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Such_Sweet_Thunder=Such Sweet Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rituale_Satanum=Rituale Satanum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Blessing_of_Satan=By the Blessing of Satan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proof_of_Youth=Proof of Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baccara_(album)=Baccara (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_My_Fire_(Baccara_album)=Light My Fire (Baccara)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_into_This=Born into This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Lost_Souls=All the Lost Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foolish_Behaviour=Foolish Behaviour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridin'_the_Storm_Out=Ridin' the Storm Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Wishes=Body Wishes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disorder_(album)=Disorder (The Gazette)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacked_Rubbish=Stacked Rubbish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_to_Get_Crimson=Kill to Get Crimson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cohen_Live=Cohen Live: Leonard Cohen in Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photograph:_The_Very_Best_of_Ringo_Starr=Photograph: The Very Best of Ringo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Beat_of_My_Heart_(Rod_Stewart_album)=Every Beat of My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_&_Devils_(Fuel_album)=Angels & Devils (Fuel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TCG_(album)=TCG (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navidades=Navidades (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Time_(Van_der_Graaf_Generator_album)=Real Time (Van der Graaf Generator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_56=Elvis 56
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soy_Como_Quiero_Ser=Soy como quiero ser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flame_in_All_of_Us=The Flame in All of Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_sol=Un sol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young,_Rich_&_Dangerous=Young, Rich & Dangerous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Rod_Stewart_(1989_album)=The Best of Rod Stewart (1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan_(2007_album)=Dylan (2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staatsfeind_Nr._1=Staatsfeind Nr. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lead_Sails_Paper_Anchor=Lead Sails Paper Anchor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bau_(album)=Bau (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_Celentano=Mina Celentano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undeceived=Undeceived
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Columbia_Recordings_of_Miles_Davis_with_John_Coltrane=The Complete Columbia Recordings of Miles Davis with John Coltrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_in_the_Round=Circle in the Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Spanner_in_the_Works=A Spanner in the Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Platinum_Collection_(Mina_album)=The Platinum Collection (Mina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neverland_(The_Mission_album)=Neverland (The Mission)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(The_Mission_album)=Blue (The Mission)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aura_(The_Mission_album)=Aura (The Mission)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_(Moby_song)=Move (Moby)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Moon_Swamp=Blue Moon Swamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deja_Vu_All_Over_Again_(album)=Deja Vu All Over Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Gospels=Street Gospels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lash_(album)=Lash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Eyed=Candy Eyed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catene_(album)=Catene (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Broke_the_Rules=We Broke the Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Hate_(Aventura_album)=Love & Hate (Aventura)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aretha_Live_at_Fillmore_West=Aretha Live at Fillmore West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Who_I_Am:_Poets_&_Pirates=Just Who I Am: Poets & Pirates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vol._II_(Hurt_album)=Vol. II (Hurt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Hearts_in_the_Happy_Ending_Machine=Three Hearts in the Happy Ending Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Waters_(Amorphis_album)=Silent Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_on_Fire=Dark on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Order_in_the_Court=Order in the Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almanach_(album)=Almanach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tu_Veneno=Tu veneno (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hear_Nothing_See_Nothing_Say_Nothing=Hear Nothing See Nothing Say Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trilogy_Vinyl=The Trilogy Vinyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Emerson,_Lake_&_Palmer=The Essential Emerson, Lake & Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relapse_(Eminem_album)=Relapse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Rod_Stewart_(1976_album)=The Best of Rod Stewart (1976)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_Wrath=The Day of Wrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Separation=The Final Separation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singolare=Singolare (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minacantalucio=Minacantalucio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_mio_meglio_n._3=Del mio meglio n. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Gate_(album)=Baby Gate (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frutta_e_verdura=Frutta e verdura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanti_di_valore=Amanti di valore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_mio_meglio_n._2=Del mio meglio n. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalla_Bussola=Dalla Bussola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altro_(album)=Altro (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinquemilaquarantatre=Cinquemilaquarantatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_(1971_album)=Mina (1971)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_mio_meglio=Del mio meglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_for_You=Mina for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_discorsi=I discorsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canzonissima_'68=Canzonissima '68
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simpsons_Movie:_The_Music=The Simpsons Movie: The Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scraps_at_Midnight=Scraps at Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_That_Weird_Chill=Here Comes That Weird Chill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bump_City=Bump City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_alla_Bussola_dal_vivo=Mina alla Bussola dal vivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dedicato_a_mio_padre=Dedicato a mio padre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_anni_di_successi=4 anni di successi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_Uno_66=Studio Uno 66
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_&_Gaber:_un'ora_con_loro=Mina & Gaber: un'ora con loro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_Uno=Studio Uno (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_(1964_album)=Mina (1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knocking_at_Your_Back_Door:_The_Best_of_Deep_Purple_in_the_80's=Knocking at Your Back Door: The Best of Deep Purple in the 80's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Demo_Tape=First Demo Tape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodnight_L.A.=Goodnight L.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeping_the_Nite_Light_Burning=Keeping the Nite Light Burning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breath_of_Life_(Magnum_album)=Breath of Life (Magnum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knock_on_Wood_(Amii_Stewart_album)=Knock on Wood (album Amii Stewart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marry_Me_(album)=Marry Me (St. Vincent)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_2_Lady=Girl 2 Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hourglass_(Dave_Gahan_album)=Hourglass (Dave Gahan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unplugged...and_Seated=Unplugged ...and Seated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_and_Well=Live and Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_Samurai_Sessions_-We're_Kavki_Boiz-=7 SAMURAI SESSION
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Afternoon_in_the_Garden=An Afternoon in the Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Spice_Girls_album)=Greatest Hits (Spice Girls)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Won't_Be_the_Last=It Won't Be the Last
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meanest_of_Times=The Meanest of Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Songs_(Babyface_album)=Love Songs (Babyface)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_of_Love_(Luther_Vandross_album)=Power of Love (Luther Vandross)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Christmas_(Luther_Vandross_album)=This Is Christmas (album Luther Vandross)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_(Luther_Vandross_album)=I Know (Luther Vandross)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_the_Spheres_(Mike_Oldfield_album)=Music of the Spheres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direction_(album)=Direction (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_Mass_Destruction=Songs of Mass Destruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_with_Yolanda_Adams=Christmas with Yolanda Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moulin_Rouge!_Music_from_Baz_Luhrmann's_Film=Moulin Rouge! Music from Baz Luhrmann's Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Altar_and_the_Door=The Altar and the Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runnin'_Wild_(Airbourne_album)=Runnin' Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_the_Eagles=The Very Best of the Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_Theories_Vol._I_&_II=Sound Theories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Box_of_Dreams=A Box of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Chalk=White Chalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blueprint_Dives=The Blueprint Dives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synergy_(Extol_album)=Synergy (Extol)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Wilde_(album)=Kim Wilde (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapter_One:_Greatest_Hits=Chapter One: Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_as_Catch_Can_(album)=Catch as Catch Can (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teases_&_Dares=Teases & Dares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Step=Another Step
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_(Kim_Wilde_album)=Love Is (Kim Wilde)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_&_Forever_(Kim_Wilde_album)=Now & Forever (Kim Wilde)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Delight_(album)=Angel Delight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangefolk_(album)=Strangefolk (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Cry_Wolf_(album)=Don't Cry Wolf (London)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Trap_House=Back to the Trap House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/But_Beautiful_(Stan_Getz_&_Bill_Evans_album)=But Beautiful (Stan Getz e Bill Evans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_(Jennifer_Lopez_album)=Brave (album Jennifer Lopez)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakhbat_Shakhabit=Shakhbat Shakhabit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutto_Tony_Tammaro=Tutto Tony Tammaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Checkn_'Em=Straight Checkn 'Em
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Taranta!=Super Taranta!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...And_Life_Is_Very_Long=...And Life Is Very Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenor_Madness=Tenor Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exile_on_Mainstream=Exile on Mainstream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiesta_(Miranda_album)=Fiesta (Miranda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnt_Out=Sauf le respect que je vous dois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Renaissance_(Q-Tip_album)=The Renaissance (Q-Tip)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Here=The Road to Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berserker_(Gary_Numan_album)=Berserker (Gary Numan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boonoonoonoos=Boonoonoonoos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melrose_(album)=Melrose (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addictive_Hip_Hop_Muzick=Addictive Hip Hop Muzick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombie_Attack=Zombie Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Album_(Boney_M._album)=Christmas Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morning_After_(Tankard_album)=The Morning After (Tankard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/220_Volt_Live=220 Volt Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Talk_(Lecrae_album)=Real Talk (Lecrae)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Departure_(Taio_Cruz_album)=Departure (Taio Cruz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Kids_Scaring_Kids_(album)=Scary Kids Scaring Kids (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_to_the_World=Farewell to the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_(album)=System (Seal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warriors_(Gary_Numan_album)=Warriors (Gary Numan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Link_Alive=The Link Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fury_(album)=The Fury (Gary Numan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Thousand_Lightyears=Ten Thousand Lightyears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Square_Serenade=Washington Square Serenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zingalamaduni=Zingalamaduni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_(Joshua_Redman_album)=Wish (Joshua Redman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_in_the_Groove=Freedom in the Groove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeless_Tales_(For_Changing_Times)=Timeless Tales (For Changing Times)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_(Joshua_Redman_album)=Beyond (Joshua Redman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_of_Time=Passage of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elastic_(album)=Elastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momentum_(Joshua_Redman_album)=Momentum (Joshua Redman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_East=Back East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brass_Knuckles_(album)=Brass Knuckles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatevershebringswesing=Whatevershebringswesing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_Up_(Kevin_Ayers_album)=Falling Up (Kevin Ayers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tattoos_&_Scars=Tattoos & Scars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrying_On=Carrying On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_BBC_(Electric_Light_Orchestra_album)=Live at the BBC (Electric Light Orchestra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confide_in_Me:_The_Irresistible_Kylie=Confide in Me: The Irresistible Kylie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Earth=Live from Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caterpillar_(Elisa_album)=Caterpillar (Elisa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sticking_Fingers_into_Sockets=Sticking Fingers into Sockets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_at_Last_(Billy_Ray_Cyrus_album)=Home at Last
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Be_Christmas=Let It Be Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Work_Time=Work Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Stay_Friends=Let's Stay Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avenged_Sevenfold_(album)=Avenged Sevenfold (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Focus=Mother Focus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rent_(albums)=Rent (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(Arashi_album)=Time (Arashi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rare_(Asia_album)=Rare (Asia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritual_of_Battle=Ritual of Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Rainbow=At the Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4:13_Dream=4:13 Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruelty_Without_Beauty=Cruelty Without Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicles_(Steve_Winwood_album)=Chronicles (Steve Winwood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100%25_Hell=100% Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introducing_Wayne_Shorter=Introducing Wayne Shorter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Genesis_(album)=Second Genesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Gipsy_Kings_album)=Greatest Hits (Gipsy Kings)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_Pleasures_(Lazlo_Bane_album)=Guilty Pleasures (Lazlo Bane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_n_Roll_Jesus=Rock n Roll Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_the_World:_The_Very_Best_of_Ratt=Tell the World: The Very Best of Ratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zelluloid=Zelluloid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_the_Sparkle_Lounge=Songs from the Sparkle Lounge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/76_(album)=76 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Used_to_It_(Rhino_Bucket_album)=Get Used to It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Better,_Who's_Best=Who's Better, Who's Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moderne_Zeiten=Moderne Zeiten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_EP_(Live_at_Fashion_Rocks)=Live EP (Live at Fashion Rocks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Feet_High_and_Rising=Five Feet High and Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_2._Gebot=Das 2. Gebot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Kingston_(album)=Sean Kingston (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kind_of_Love=Kind of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frohes_Fest=Frohes Fest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1/42=1/42
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phosphor_(album)=Phosphor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scheherazade_and_Other_Stories=Scheherazade and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_Lives_(Kat_DeLuna_album)=9 Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undressed_Momento=Undressed Momento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Mick_Jagger=The Very Best of Mick Jagger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Beauty_in_Negative_Spaces=Finding Beauty in Negative Spaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Shall_Exterminate_Everything_Around_Me_That_Restricts_Me_from_Being_the_Master=I Shall Exterminate Everything Around Me That Restricts Me from Being the Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_Lucky=I Got Lucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Gold_(Elvis_Presley_album)=Pure Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Full_of_Soul_(album)=Heart Full of Soul (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutty_Professor_II:_The_Klumps_(soundtrack)=La famiglia del professore matto (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_&_Gold_(Vanessa_Williams_album)=Silver & Gold (Vanessa L. Williams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mingus_Plays_Piano=Mingus Plays Piano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everlasting_Love_(Vanessa_Williams_album)=Everlasting Love (Vanessa L. Williams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_Sings_Flaming_Star=Elvis Sings Flaming Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Be_Friends=Let's Be Friends (Elvis Presley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bop_till_You_Drop=Bop till You Drop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Santana=Ultimate Santana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simpsons:_Testify=The Simpsons: Testify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_and_the_Potters_(album)=Harry and the Potters (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeless:_Live_in_Concert=Timeless: Live in Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AmeriKKKa's_Most_Wanted=AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abrasive_(album)=Abrasive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_and_Prove=Show and Prove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illusion_(Renaissance_album)=Illusion (Renaissance)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voldemort_Can't_Stop_the_Rock!=Voldemort Can't Stop the Rock!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prologue_(Renaissance_album)=Prologue (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashes_Are_Burning=Ashes Are Burning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Bob_Dylan,_Vol._2=The Best of Bob Dylan, Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Bob_Dylan_(1997_album)=The Best of Bob Dylan, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Deep=24 Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9th_Empyrean=9th Empyrean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_(Katie_Melua_album)=Pictures (Katie Melua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_of_the_Cards=Turn of the Cards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbra_Streisand's_Greatest_Hits=Barbra Streisand's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Carnegie_Hall_(Renaissance_album)=Live at Carnegie Hall (Renaissance)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Last_Walk=His Last Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Rap=Death Rap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novella_(album)=Novella (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_&_Learn_(Vixen_album)=Live & Learn (Vixen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_for_All_Seasons=A Song for All Seasons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulletproof_(soundtrack)=Bulletproof (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabagabee:_The_Best_of_Barnes_&_Barnes=Zabagabee: The Best of Barnes & Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Only_a_Man=I'm Only a Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_the_Blade=Kiss the Blade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blut_Royale=Blut Royale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_the_Lion's_Cage=Songs from the Lion's Cage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Your_Body_Beat=Get Your Body Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accelerate_(R.E.M._album)=Accelerate (R.E.M.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleed_the_Fifth=Bleed the Fifth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watt_(album)=Watt (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_&_Roll_Music_to_the_World=Rock & Roll Music to the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dare_to_Dream_(Billy_Gilman_album)=Dare to Dream (Billy Gilman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_with_Everything:_Styx_and_the_Contemporary_Youth_Orchestra=One with Everything: Styx and the Contemporary Youth Orchestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Christmas_(Billy_Gilman_album)=Classic Christmas (Billy Gilman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O2_(O-Town_album)=O2 (O-Town)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Replugged_Live=Replugged Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_of_the_Sun=Shadows of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Beginning_(Small_Faces_album)=From the Beginning (Small Faces)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Grenade=Love Grenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temps_mort=Temps mort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warchest=Warchest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_You_Sell_Soul_to_a_Soulless_People_Who_Sold_Their_Soul%3F=How You Sell Soul to a Soulless People Who Sold Their Soul?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_(album)=Do You (Sheena Easton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Sound_But_a_Heart=No Sound But a Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kush=The Kush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Cat_Stevens_album)=Greatest Hits (Cat Stevens)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vixen_(Vixen_album)=Vixen (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rev_It_Up=Rev It Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_R*tist_4*merly_Known_as_Dangerous_Toys=The R.tist 4.merly Known as Dangerous Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animetal_Marathon_III=Animetal Marathon III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Box_(Jade_Valerie_album)=Out of the Box (Jade Valerie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/37_Days=37 Days (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madness,_Money_&_Music=Madness, Money & Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azure_d'Or=Azure d'Or
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Christmas_Spirit=In the Christmas Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Back_(The_Mar-Keys_and_Booker_T._&_the_M.G.'s_album)=Back to Back (Booker T. & the MG's)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Yazoo=Only Yazoo - The Best of Yazoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane_(Grace_Jones_album)=Hurricane (Grace Jones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Limbo=Soul Limbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLemore_Avenue=McLemore Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_the_Way_It_Should_Be=That's the Way It Should Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighter:_A_Duncan_Sheik_Collection=Greatest Hits: A Duncan Sheik Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Could_Have_Been_with_Me=You Could Have Been with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_My_Time=Take My Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lover_in_Me_(album)=The Lover in Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tha_Smokin'_Nephew=Tha Smokin' Nephew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(Hothouse_Flowers_album)=Home (Hothouse Flowers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intense=Intense (Armin van Buuren)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapid_Eye_Movement_(album)=Rapid Eye Movement (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wardance_(Rondinelli_album)=Wardance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_in_the_Real_World=Somewhere in the Real World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Charm=Strange Charm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Language_(Booker_T._&_the_M.G.'s_album)=Universal Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_Returns_(soundtrack)=Superman Returns (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Dancing=Soul Dancing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awaken_(Natalie_Grant_album)=Awaken (Natalie Grant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_Vol._II:_Memoirs_of_an_Immigrant=Carnival Vol. II: Memoirs of an Immigrant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.O.R._(album)=M.O.R. (Alabama 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbreakable_(Backstreet_Boys_album)=Unbreakable (Backstreet Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_My_Age=At My Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coco_(album)=Coco (Colbie Caillat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burned_(album)=Burned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiscreet_(FM_album)=Indiscreet (FM)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_It_Out=Tough It Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awake_(Secondhand_Serenade_album)=Awake (Secondhand Serenade)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frames_(Oceansize_album)=Frames (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_the_Catch=Catch the Catch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Falls_Over_Kortedala=Night Falls Over Kortedala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Good_Reasons=Ten Good Reasons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixed_Blood_(album)=Mixed Blood (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takin'_It_to_the_Streets_(FM_album)=Takin' It to the Streets (FM)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McVicar_(album)=McVicar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Out_(Emmy_Rossum_album)=Inside Out (Emmy Rossum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifeline_(Ben_Harper_album)=Lifeline (Ben Harper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quick_the_Word,_Sharp_the_Action=Quick the Word, Sharp the Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cease_to_Begin=Cease to Begin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Share_the_Land=Share the Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canned_Wheat=Canned Wheat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheatfield_Soul=Wheatfield Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_Paradise_(The_Guess_Who_album)=Artificial Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Food=Road Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_in_the_Music=Power in the Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Ancestors'_Souls_Gathered=Where the Ancestors' Souls Gathered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amassakoul=Amassakoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Detroit_(The_Doors_album)=Live in Detroit (The Doors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smokey_Rolls_Down_Thunder_Canyon=Smokey Rolls Down Thunder Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutti_morimmo_a_stento=Tutti morimmo a stento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison_(Bell_Biv_DeVoe_album)=Poison (album Bell Biv DeVoe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_Merchant_Vol._2=The Dream Merchant Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perception_(The_Doors_album)=Perception (The Doors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_and_Burn_(John_Foxx_album)=Crash and Burn (John Foxx & Louis Gordon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perseverance_(Percee_P_album)=Perseverance (Percee P)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Budgie_(1997_album)=The Best of Budgie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_and_the_Potters_and_the_Power_of_Love=Harry and the Potters and the Power of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Rock_or_Not_to_Be=To Rock or Not to Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_13=Round 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_(Cheap_Trick_album)=Silver (Cheap Trick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Hits_(Cheap_Trick_album)=Greatest Hits (Cheap Trick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Authorized_Greatest_Hits=Authorized Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Cheap_Trick=The Essential Cheap Trick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Leonard_Cohen=The Essential Leonard Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22O%22-Jung.Ban.Hap.="O"-Jung.Ban.Hap.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Now_On...=From Now On...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_the_Knife=Nick the Knife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Beck's_Guitar_Shop=Jeff Beck's Guitar Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22V%22_Is_for_Vagina="V" Is for Vagina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_The_Doors_(2001_album)=The Very Best of The Doors (2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firestarr=Firestarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_The_Doors_(2007_album)=The Very Best of The Doors (2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_(Glenn_Hughes_album)=Feel (Glenn Hughes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Valley_of_1984=Beyond the Valley of 1984
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addiction_(Glenn_Hughes_album)=Addiction (Glenn Hughes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Benefit_for_Victims_of_Violent_Crime=A Benefit for Victims of Violent Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclone_(Baby_Bash_album)=Cyclone (album Baby Bash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4-Way_Diablo=4-Way Diablo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comicopera=Comicopera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_It_Is_(Glenn_Hughes_album)=The Way It Is (Glenn Hughes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fur_and_Gold=Fur and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_(T)apes=Lost (T)apes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_House=Around the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E2-E4=E2-E4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Need_Drugs=I Need Drugs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...That_Great_October_Sound=...that great October sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Days:_Anthems_for_the_Apocalypse=Final Days: Anthems for the Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blowin'_the_Blues_Away=Blowin' the Blues Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Diddley's_Beach_Party=Bo Diddley's Beach Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_the_Life_(Amy_Macdonald_album)=This Is the Life (album Amy Macdonald)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Gold:_The_Very_Best_of_Barry_White=Gold: The Very Best of Barry White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phosphorescent_Rat=The Phosphorescent Rat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_Crystal_Karma=Return of Crystal Karma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_with_Strangers=Walking with Strangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Best_of_Leonard_Cohen=More Best of Leonard Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Building_the_Machine=Building the Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_in_the_Key_of_Rock=Songs in the Key of Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_More_into_the_Bleach=Once More into the Bleach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_of_the_Saint=March of the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chet_Baker_Sings=Chet Baker Sings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Priestess=Metal Priestess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Parker_with_Strings=Charlie Parker with Strings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizons_(Parkway_Drive_album)=Horizons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Mania_(album)=Dance Mania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Consternation=Live Consternation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Me_Barbra=Color Me Barbra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poguetry_in_Motion=Poguetry in Motion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Mover=Soul Mover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornbread_(album)=Cornbread (Lee Morgan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WOW_(Wendy_O._Williams_album)=WOW (Wendy O. Williams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doors:_Vinyl_Box_Set=The Doors: Vinyl Box Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kezia_(album)=Kezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Here_to_Eternity_(Giorgio_Moroder_album)=From Here to Eternity (Giorgio Moroder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodsoul=Bloodsoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dive_Deep=Dive Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Rascals_(album)=The Young Rascals (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collections_(The_Young_Rascals_album)=Collections (The Young Rascals)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_in_Your_Head%3F=What's in Your Head?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groovin'_(The_Young_Rascals_album)=Groovin' (The Young Rascals)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_Fall_the_Good_Guys=Down Fall the Good Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Winter_Storm=My Winter Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Korgis_(album)=The Korgis (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dub_Room_Special_(soundtrack)=The Dub Room Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vobiscum_Satanas=Vobiscum Satanas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sink_or_Swim_(The_Gaslight_Anthem_album)=Sink or Swim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique_Iglesias_(album)=Enrique Iglesias (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivir_(album)=Vivir (Enrique Iglesias)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosas_del_Amor_(Enrique_Iglesias_album)=Cosas del amor (Enrique Iglesias)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailamos_Greatest_Hits=Bailamos Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M&J=M&J
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_&_I=Eye & I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Facelift=Live Facelift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumb_Waiters=Dumb Waiters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Already_There=I'm Already There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_There_to_Here:_Greatest_Hits=From There to Here: Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Be_Us_Again=Let's Be Us Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sticky_George=Sticky George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souljaboytellem.com=Souljaboytellem.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Questions_(album)=Burning Questions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_N.E.C.=Live at the N.E.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Alive_Quo=Live Alive Quo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvertoner=Silvertoner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folker_(album)=Folker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitchin'=Bitchin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_World's_for_Everyone=This World's for Everyone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unplugged_(The_Korgis_album)=Unplugged (The Korgis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombie_Live=Zombie Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kollection=Kollection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_Motion_(Night_Ranger_album)=Man in Motion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcade_(Arcade_album)=Arcade (Arcade)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A/2=A/2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Basics:_Live_and_Down_Under=Back to Basics: Live and Down Under
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_the_Blind_Lead_Those_Who_Can_See_but_Cannot_Feel=Let the Blind Lead Those Who Can See but Cannot Feel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Los_Angeles_(album)=The Battle of Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Grain_(Rory_Gallagher_album)=Against the Grain (Rory Gallagher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_The_Korgis=The Best of The Korgis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Cell_in_the_Sea=One Cell in the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_&_the_Rest_of_The_Korgis=The Best of & the Rest of The Korgis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archive_Series_(The_Korgis_album)=Archive Series (The Korgis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(The_Korgis_album)=Greatest Hits (The Korgis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_(Fairport_Convention_album)=Nine (Fairport Convention)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primitive_Love=Primitive Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Hits,_So_Far=The Greatest Hits, So Far
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_and_White_Album=The Black and White Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cainian_Chronicle=The Cainian Chronicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_on_Sunset=Down on Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/25th_Anniversary_Box_Set=25th Anniversary Box Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_New_Time=My New Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Nas_album)=Greatest Hits (Nas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_(Gabrielle_album)=Always (Gabrielle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advance_and_Follow=Advance and Follow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tall_Stories_from_Under_the_Table=Tall Stories from Under the Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casualties_of_War_(album)=Casualties of War (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voices_in_My_Head_(EP)=Voices in My Head (Riverside)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Descend_into_the_Absurd=Descend into the Absurd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_(Hayley_Westenra_album)=Treasure (Hayley Westenra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_a_Collection_of_Antiques_and_Curios=Just a Collection of Antiques and Curios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(Angela_Aki_album)=Today (Angela Aki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_(Marcus_Miller_album)=Free (Marcus Miller)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_Zero_Remixed=Year Zero Remixed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midi_20=Midi 20
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intoxication_(album)=Intoxication (Shaggy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Dog_at_St._Dunstans=Blind Dog at St. Dunstans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vampire_Chronicles_(album)=The Vampire Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_(Bruce_Springsteen_album)=Magic (Bruce Springsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shotter's_Nation=Shotter's Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sting:_Live_at_the_Key_Club_L.A.=The Sting - Live at the Key Club, L.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloody_Lunatic_Asylum=Bloody Lunatic Asylum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicide_Vampire=Suicide Vampire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightbreed_of_Macabria=Nightbreed of Macabria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasure_and_Pain_(Theatres_des_Vampires_album)=Pleasure and Pain (Theatres des Vampires)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_of_the_Damager=Power of the Damager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shade_of_Poison_Trees=The Shade of Poison Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Native_Dancer_(album)=Native Dancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOL_Sessions_Undercover_(The_Red_Jumpsuit_Apparatus_EP)=AOL Sessions Undercover (The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_to_the_Bone_(George_Thorogood_&_The_Destroyers_album)=Bad to the Bone (album George Thorogood and the Destroyers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonfly_(Strawbs_album)=Dragonfly (Strawbs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dubliners_(album)=The Dubliners with Luke Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Concert_(The_Dubliners_album)=In Concert (The Dubliners)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finnegan_Wakes=Finnegan Wakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_(Leona_Lewis_album)=Spirit (Leona Lewis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot,_Cool_&_Vicious=Hot, Cool & Vicious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlinette_(album)=Berlinette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_the_Divine=Music for the Divine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Lucky_Old_Sun_(album)=That Lucky Old Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sowiesoso=Sowiesoso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Doberman=Original Doberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Love_&_War=The Art of Love & War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souvenirs_d'un_autre_monde=Souvenirs d'un autre monde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Pausini_(1993_album)=Laura Pausini (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_(Laura_Pausini_album)=Laura (Laura Pausini)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blowout_Comb=Blowout Comb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cluster_(album)=Cluster (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Rock_Montreal=Queen Rock Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_(Jeff_Beck_album)=Flash (Jeff Beck)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Ruler=The World Ruler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn's_Don_Diva=Brooklyn's Don Diva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_M.D._Original_Television_Soundtrack=House M.D. Original Television Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Mimi_(video)=The Adventures of Mimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildlife_(Mott_the_Hoople_album)=Wildlife (Mott the Hoople)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-Teknology_3=Hi-Teknology 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_cose_che_vivi=Le cose che vivi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_mia_risposta=La mia risposta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenshi_no_Revolver=Tenshi no revolver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tra_te_e_il_mare=Tra te e il mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_On_the_Corner_Sessions=The Complete On the Corner Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinksize_Session=Kinksize Session
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_Babylon_Fall=Fall Babylon Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurutta_Taiyou=Kurutta taiyō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Change_(Sugababes_album)=Change (album Sugababes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motown:_A_Journey_Through_Hitsville_USA=Motown: A Journey Through Hitsville USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Screams=Black Screams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribe_(Sadist_album)=Tribe (Sadist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison_Kiss=Poison Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.E.M._Live=R.E.M. Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roundhouse_Tapes=The Roundhouse Tapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_Life_(David_Guetta_album)=Pop Life (David Guetta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Mind_of_Jamie_Cullum=In the Mind of Jamie Cullum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atrocity_Exhibition..._Exhibit_A=The Atrocity Exhibition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiempo=Tiempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Disco_de_Rebelde_Way=El disco de Rebelde Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playlist_(Babyface_album)=Playlist (Babyface)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrome_Dreams_II=Chrome Dreams II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashdance_(soundtrack)=Flashdance (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mastercutor=Mastercutor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Dubliners=Double Dubliners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zekkeishoku=Zekkeishoku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamal_(album)=Shamal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Take_(album)=First Take
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_in_the_Between=Somewhere in the Between
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Peaks_(album)=Twin Peaks (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_Just_a_Game=Life Is Just a Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful:_The_Remix_Album=Beautiful: The Remix Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remixed_Remade_Remodeled:_The_Remix_Project=Remixed Remade Remodeled: The Remix Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andorra_(album)=Andorra (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Feels_Good=Still Feels Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melodia_(album)=Melodia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Paris_1975=Live In Paris 1975
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontessa=Fontessa (The Modern Jazz Quartet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wounded_Land=Wounded Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extension_of_a_Man=Extension of a Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronger_(Kate_Ryan_album)=Stronger (Kate Ryan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trail_of_Tears_(Billy_Ray_Cyrus_album)=Trail of Tears (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Billy_Ray_Cyrus:_Cover_to_Cover=The Best of Billy Ray Cyrus: Cover to Cover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shot_Full_of_Love=Shot Full of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Flies_(Billy_Ray_Cyrus_album)=Time Flies (Billy Ray Cyrus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Rundgren's_Utopia_(album)=Todd Rundgren's Utopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_Alive-O=Alive Alive-O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_to_Gang_Bang=Music to Gang Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Line_(album)=Hard Line (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Rain_(Nelson_album)=After the Rain (Nelson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Hell_Is_About=What Hell Is About
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Supertramp=The Very Best of Supertramp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_to_Me=Turn to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthology_of_Tom_Waits=Anthology of Tom Waits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Dimension_of_Might=A New Dimension of Might
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Forever=This Is Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Armstrong_and_Duke_Ellington:_The_Great_Summit/Complete_Sessions=Louis Armstrong and Duke Ellington: The Great Summit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinsemilla_(album)=Sinsemilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories_(Barbra_Streisand_album)=Memories (Barbra Streisand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Wonderful_Time=What a Wonderful Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Sign_of_Evil=The Final Sign of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asylum_Years=Asylum Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_of_Love_(Hour_Glass_album)=Power of Love (Hour Glass)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_Warriors=Steel Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_I_Came_of_Age=As I Came of Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Blondie_album)=Greatest Hits (Blondie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_Pain_&_the_Whole_Crazy_Thing=Love, Pain & the Whole Crazy Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cleansing_(album)=The Cleansing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Reading_(Tre_Storie_Western)=City Reading (Tre storie western)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Your_Mama_Proud=Make Your Mama Proud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_Ride=Carnival Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Jupiter_Records=Live from Jupiter Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_Your_Wig_On=Keep Your Wig On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Defense_of_the_Genre=In Defense of the Genre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Punkow=Live in Punkow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socialismo_e_Barbarie=Socialismo e barbarie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epica_Etica_Etnica_Pathos=Epica Etica Etnica Pathos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_Off_(Bow_Wow_and_Omarion_album)=Face Off (Bow Wow e Omarion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Muldaur_(album)=Maria Muldaur (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_2007=Alive 2007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_West_(Go_West_album)=Go West (Go West)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Physical_(album)=Strictly Physical (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(Blondie_album)=Live (Blondie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_a_Queen:_A_Collection_of_Hits=She's a Queen: A Collection of Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Laura_Pausini:_E_ritorno_da_te=The Best of Laura Pausini - E ritorno da te
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic:_The_Very_Best_of_Blondie=Atomic - The Very Best of Blondie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(Donny_Hathaway_album)=Live (Donny Hathaway)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacrilegium=Sacrilegium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooped_(album)=Scooped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogie_2nite_(album)=Boogie 2nite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Cover_(album)=Take Cover (Queensrÿche)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_This_Live=Picture This Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Blue_Ball=Big Blue Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout:_Video_Singles=Breakout: Video Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_the_Faith:_The_Videos=Keep the Faith: The Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey:_The_Videos=New Jersey: The Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Alan_Parsons_Project=The Essential Alan Parsons Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Grand_Opera_House_Belfast=Live at the Grand Opera House Belfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foiled_for_the_Last_Time=Foiled for the Last Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enjoy_CCCP=Enjoy CCCP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Home_(Faye_Wong_album)=Coming Home (Wang Fei)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compagni,_cittadini,_fratelli,_partigiani_/_Ortodossia_II=Compagni, cittadini, fratelli, partigiani/Ortodossia II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Picks=12 Picks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Bowie=Club Bowie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Regrets_(Faye_Wong_album)=No Regrets (Wang Fei)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Side,_Bad_Side_(Master_P_album)=Good Side, Bad Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortress_(Protest_the_Hero_album)=Fortress (Protest the Hero)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estrangement_(album)=Estrangement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beat_of_My_Heart=The Beat of My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuzao=Fuzao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Son,_the_Folk_Singer=My Son, the Folk Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hvarf/Heim=Hvarf-Heim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boomer's_Story=Boomer's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glamorous_Life_(album)=The Glamorous Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livefields=Livefields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_l'amour_le_mieux=De l'amour le mieux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Structures_of_Death=Structures of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Bitch=Diamond Bitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trick_to_Life=The Trick to Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tearstained=Tearstained
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Heat_(album)=The Big Heat (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chic_(album)=Chic (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_Centre_of_the_Eye=Journey to the Centre of the Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Collection_(Emerson,_Lake_&_Palmer_album)=The Ultimate Collection (Emerson, Lake & Palmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Under_the_Wire=First Under the Wire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100,000_Whys=100.000 Whys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Change_(Vanessa_Amorosi_album)=Change (Vanessa Amorosi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_ist_anders=Jazz ist anders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_Thoughts_(Faye_Wong_album)=Random Thoughts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decadent_Sound_of_Faye=Il suono non decadente di Faye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grave_New_World=Grave New World (Strawbs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Myself=Per compiacere se stessi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nice_(The_Nice_album)=Nice (The Nice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lust_Lust_Lust=Lust Lust Lust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_People_(album)=Real People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_the_Dark_Side_of_the_Moon=Return to the Dark Side of the Moon: A Tribute to Pink Floyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elegy_(The_Nice_album)=Elegy (Nice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thieving_from_the_House_of_God=Thieving from the House of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diadem_of_12_Stars=Diadem of 12 Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Hunters=Two Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loozanteen=Loozanteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D-Ream_On_Volume_1=D-Ream on Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_D:Ream=The Best of D:Ream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Platinum_Collection_(D:Ream_album)=The Platinum Collection (D:Ream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Londinium_(album)=Londinium (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soup_for_One_(soundtrack)=Soup for One (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_to_Die_(Bride_album)=Live to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silence_Is_Madness=Silence Is Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinetic_Faith=Kinetic Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backstreet_Symphony=Back Street Symphony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawdust_(album)=Sawdust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_King_Cole_Sings/George_Shearing_Plays=Nat King Cole Sings/George Shearing Plays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_It_Off_(album)=Take It Off (album Chic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Hostility=Open Hostility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bursting_at_the_Seams=Bursting at the Seams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_Aim_Fire=Scream Aim Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraction_from_Mortality=Extraction from Mortality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tongue_in_Chic=Tongue in Chic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Words_Worth%3F=What's Words Worth?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believer_(Chic_album)=Believer (Chic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Step_Further=A Step Further
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River:_The_Joni_Letters=River: The Joni Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winternight_Tragedies=Winternight Tragedies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_and_Heroine=Hero and Heroine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chic-ism=Chic-ism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Budokan_(Chic_album)=Live at the Budokan (Chic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiral_Castle_(album)=Spiral Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_of_the_Beast_(album)=Mark of the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En_Concert_(Jack_Johnson_album)=En concert (Jack Johnson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gates_of_Fire_(album)=Gates of Fire (Manilla Road)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extended_Play_'07=Extended Play '07
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good,_The_Bad_&_The_4-Skins=The Good, the Bad & the 4 Skins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_Don't_Know_Me_(EP)=U Don't Know Me (EP Brandy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_the_Stuff=That's the Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smells_Like_Bleach:_A_Punk_Tribute_to_Nirvana=Smells Like Bleach: A Punk Tribute to Nirvana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelation_(98_Degrees_album)=Revelation (98 Degrees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_Meets_Steel:_Ten_Years_of_Glory=Steel Meets Steel - Ten Years of Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_the_Only_One_(album)=You're the Only One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuvole_barocche=Nuvole barocche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Shoes=Dancing Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Cuts_(Strawbs_album)=Deep Cuts (Strawbs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_Me_(album)=Trust Me (Craig David)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Stay_Me=I'll Stay Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trav'lin'_Light_(Queen_Latifah_album)=Trav'lin' Light (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarecrow_Messiah=Scarecrow Messiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_the_Gates_of_Hell=Storm the Gates of Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Gonzos!:_The_Best_of_Ted_Nugent=Great Gonzos!: The Best of Ted Nugent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugarfix=Sugarfix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extended_Versions_(Ted_Nugent_album)=Extended Versions (Ted Nugent)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Then_&_Now_(Asia_album)=Then & Now (Asia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ire_Works=Ire Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Man_(Eric_Dolphy_album)=Iron Man (Eric Dolphy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Under_Pressure_Tour_(album)=Grace Under Pressure Tour (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_God_Essentials,_Vol._1=Metal God Essentials, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Us_the_Truth=Tell Us the Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Life_(Sham_69_album)=That's Life (Sham 69)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_Black_(Whodini_album)=Back in Black (Whodini)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Excellence=The Art of Excellence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Is_Business_(album)=Business Is Business (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mack_10_(album)=Mack 10 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_(Whodini_album)=Six (Whodini)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghetto,_Gutter_&_Gangsta=Ghetto, Gutter & Gangsta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collecter's_Edition_Slipcase=Collector's Edition Slipcase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reach_for_the_Sky_(The_Allman_Brothers_Band_album)=Reach for the Sky (The Allman Brothers Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Charles_in_Person=Ray Charles in Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Wild_(soundtrack)=Music from the Motion Picture: Into the Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chic_Freak_and_More_Treats=Chic Freak and More Treats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/01011001=01011001
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MoRT=MoRT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odinist:_The_Destruction_of_Reason_by_Illumination=Odinist - The Destruction of Reason by Illumination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Gregori=De Gregori (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Eyelash=Elephant Eyelash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Star_Club,_Hamburg=Live at the Star Club, Hamburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slaughter_of_Innocence,_a_Requiem_for_the_Mighty=The Slaughter of Innocence, a Requiem for the Mighty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_for_You=Burning for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songbird:_Rare_Tracks_and_Forgotten_Gems=Songbird: Rare Tracks and Forgotten Gems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Live_Adventures_of_Mike_Bloomfield_and_Al_Kooper=The Live Adventures of Mike Bloomfield and Al Kooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_a_Young_Heart=The Story of a Young Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Way_Street=4 Way Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocked,_Wired_&_Bluesed:_The_Greatest_Hits=Rocked, Wired & Bluesed: The Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_After_Midnight=Love After Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Christmas_(Bing_Crosby_album)=Merry Christmas (Bing Crosby)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_buona_novella=La buona novella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.B._King_in_London=B.B. King in London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Up=Thunder Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Fall_Down_(The_Sound_album)=All Fall Down (The Sound)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambling_with_the_Devil=Gambling with the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Don=Don't Don
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawbs_(album)=Strawbs (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Sand=Raising Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Make_You_Breathe=...Make You Breathe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitterblue=Bitterblue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_by_Myself_(Regina_Belle_album)=All by Myself (Regina Belle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Regina!=This Is Regina!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roots_Rock_Riot=Roots Rock Riot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewels_in_the_Crown:_All-Star_Duets_with_the_Queen=Jewels in the crown: All-Star duet with the Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_to_This=Getting to This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_ne_change_pas=On ne change pas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Armstrong_Plays_W.C._Handy=Louis Armstrong Plays W.C. Handy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Luchagors_(album)=The Luchagors (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rutles_(album)=The Rutles (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Pains_(Mary_J._Blige_album)=Growing Pains (Mary J. Blige)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavors_of_Entanglement=Flavors of Entanglement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Split_Program_II=The Split Program II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twin_(EP)=The Twin (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_to_the_Island=Goodbye to the Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonez_Tour_2005:_Live_at_Budokan=Bonez Tour 2005 Live at Budokan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_for_the_Count=Down for the Count
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_I_Stand_(Usher_album)=Here I Stand (album Usher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimini_(album)=Rimini (Fabrizio De André)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opheliac=Opheliac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D-Sides=D-Sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_(Brother_Beyond_album)=Trust (album Brother Beyond)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_(Bushido_album)=7 (Bushido)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Collection_(Whitney_Houston_album)=The Ultimate Collection (Whitney Houston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny_Street=Destiny Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Ellington_Meets_Coleman_Hawkins=Duke Ellington Meets Coleman Hawkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Home_(Westlife_album)=Back Home (Westlife)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarecrow_(album)=The Scarecrow (Avantasia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Churches_(album)=Seven Churches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeycreeper_(album)=Honeycreeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Gangster_(album)=American Gangster (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboy_Town=Cowboy Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.H.U.G.S._(Bone_Thugs-n-Harmony_album)=T.H.U.G.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patti_Page_(album)=Patti Page (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Go_to_My_Head_(album)=You Go to My Head (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_Yourself=Cover Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smif-n-Wessun:_The_Album=Smif-N-Wessun: The Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Brother_Beyond=The Very Best of Brother Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_(Modern_Talking_album)=America (Modern Talking)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creedence_Country=Creedence Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_(Kylie_Minogue_album)=X (Kylie Minogue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listen_to_Your_Heart_(album)=Listen to Your Heart (D.H.T.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Built_from_Scratch=Built from Scratch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Diana_Krall=The Very Best of Diana Krall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathless_(Shayne_Ward_album)=Breathless (album Shayne Ward)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tillbaka_till_samtiden=Tillbaka till samtiden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Degree=3rd Degree (Johnny Winter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Walk_with_Us!=Fire Walk with Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mingus_Moves=Mingus Moves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extinct_Instinct=Extinct Instinct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dying_Daylights=The Dying Daylights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Profoundemonium=Profoundemonium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nights_from_the_Alhambra=Nights from the Alhambra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_Why_(Wynonna_Judd_album)=Tell Me Why (album Wynonna Judd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourplay_(Fourplay_album)=Fourplay (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Insanity=Sweet Insanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleeding_Heart_(album)=Woke Up This Morning and Found Myself Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Crash_Test_Dummies=The Best of Crash Test Dummies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underground_Hero=Underground Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spontaneous_Combustion_(album)=Spontaneous Combustion (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Dance=Morning Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncaged=Uncaged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Fakin'_It=Not Fakin' It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_People,_for_the_People=By the People, for the People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awakening_(Melissa_Etheridge_album)=The Awakening (Melissa Etheridge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Killed_Amanda_Palmer=Who Killed Amanda Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Force_(album)=G-Force (Gary Moore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gathering_of_Freaks=Gathering of Freaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freak_of_Nature_(Freak_of_Nature_album)=Freak of Nature (Freak of Nature)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_Julie_Wants=Whatever Julie Wants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Io_Sono_Nato_Libero=Io sono nato libero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_President_of_the_LSD_Golf_Club=The President of the LSD Golf Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sum_of_No_Evil=The Sum of No Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Else!!!!=Something Else!!!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeletons_(Wednesday_13_album)=Skeletons (Wednesday 13)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternal_Melody=Eternal Melody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Page_One_(Joe_Henderson_album)=Page One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_da_Baddest=Still da Baddest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hook_Me_Up=Hook Me Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_in_London=A Night in London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_Somethin'_(album)=Move Somethin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_(album)=See (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compton's_O.G.=Compton's O.G.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zone_(album)=The Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fur_(Jane_Wiedlin_album)=Fur (Jane Wiedlin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milking_the_Sacred_Cow=Milking the Sacred Cow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordin_Sparks_(album)=Jordin Sparks (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_(B'z_album)=Action (B'z)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Holdin'_Back=No Holdin' Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Streak_(album)=Mean Streak (Y&T)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fugs_First_Album=The Fugs First Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whodini_(album)=Whodini (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_in_Love_Again=I'm in Love Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleep_Through_the_Static=Sleep Through the Static
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Night_(Moby_album)=Last Night (Moby)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rewind:_The_Unreleased_Recordings=Rewind (J.J. Cale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_the_World_(Kick_Axe_album)=Rock the World (Kick Axe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Mouth_of_Badd(d)ness=Into the Mouth of Badd(d)ness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bittersweet_World=Bittersweet World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exciting_Wilson_Pickett=The Exciting Wilson Pickett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Life_(Joan_as_Police_Woman_album)=Real Life (Joan as Policewoman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_&_Dust=Shadows & Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rainy_Season=The Rainy Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_the_Daze=Burning the Daze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seed_(Mami_Kawada_album)=Seed (Mami Kawada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everlasting_(EP)=Everlasting (Refused)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrate_the_Bullet=Celebrate the Bullet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_and_Boys_(album)=Girls and Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loose:_The_Concert=Loose: The Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_Goes!_(C+C_Music_Factory_album)=Anything Goes!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_Clapton=Complete Clapton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride,_Ride,_Ride=Ride, Ride, Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounds_of_Silence=Sounds of Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Scorpions_Vol._2=Best of Scorpions Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Steve_Howe_Album=The Steve Howe Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Even=Get Even
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witchcult_Today=Witchcult Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_B.A.D.=Planet B.A.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Hits_(Big_Audio_Dynamite_album)=Super Hits (Big Audio Dynamite)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Told_You_I_Was_Trouble:_Live_in_London=I Told You I Was Trouble: Live in London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Is_Time_for_a_Love_Revolution=It Is Time for a Love Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Les_Baux_de_Provence=Live in Les Baux de Provence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Fall_Into_Fear=Free Fall Into Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Disco=Club Disco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strength/The_Sound/The_Songs=The Strength/The Sound/The Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Doe_Rehab=The Big Doe Rehab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korven_Kuningas=Korven Kuningas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighter_Than_Creation's_Dark=Brighter Than Creation's Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisztomania_(album)=Lisztomania (Rick Wakeman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Line_on_the_Horizon=No Line on the Horizon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legendary_A&M_Sessions=The Legendary A&M Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watershed_(k.d._lang_album)=Watershed (k.d. lang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Funky_Nation=New Funky Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Girl_Crazy!=The Dictators Go Girl Crazy!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_(Nada_Surf_album)=Lucky (Nada Surf)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Attack:_A_Tribute_to_Queen=Dragon Attack: A Tribute to Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kick_Axe_IV=IV (Kick Axe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_the_Dark=Made in the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_LP=The LP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empezar_Desde_Cero=Empezar desde cero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mix-Up=Mix-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_to_Remember=One Night to Remember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Hank_Williams=The Complete Hank Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweeping_Up_the_Spotlight=Sweeping Up the Spotlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Dreamer=Night Dreamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ark_(The_Animals_album)=Ark (The Animals)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Thunder=Naked Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toolbox_(album)=Toolbox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamcatcher_(Ian_Gillan_album)=Dreamcatcher (Ian Gillan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_(Scarface_album)=Made (Scarface)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weasel_Mania=Weasel Mania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Windows=Storm Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimless_Love=Aimless Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Sense_(John_Prine_album)=Common Sense (John Prine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Revenge_(John_Prine_album)=Sweet Revenge (John Prine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamonds_in_the_Rough_(album)=Diamonds in the Rough (John Prine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Funeral_of_Being=The Funeral of Being
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skullgrid=Skullgrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyborg_Slunks=Cyborg Slunks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alchemy_Index_Vols._III_&_IV=The Alchemy Index Vols. III & IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untitled_Nas_album=Untitled (Nas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jukebox_(Cat_Power_album)=Jukebox (Cat Power)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blacken_the_Angel=Blacken the Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Art_of_Rebellion=Higher Art of Rebellion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_(Night_Ranger_album)=Seven (Night Ranger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decoding_the_Tomb_of_Bansheebot=Decoding the Tomb of Bansheebot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broadway_Album=The Broadway Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enter_the_Grave=Enter the Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Babies_(album)=Water Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dressed_Up_&_in_Line=Dressed Up & in Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erotik=Erotik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Siro_2007=San Siro 2007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trap-A-Thon=Trap-A-Thon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_(L'Arc-en-Ciel_album)=Kiss (L'Arc~en~Ciel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_(Estelle_album)=Shine (Estelle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_na_sam=Sam na sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_(Sonny_Rollins_album)=The Bridge (Sonny Rollins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_All_Seasons=For All Seasons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_the_Free_II=Land of the Free II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Clapton_at_His_Best=Eric Clapton at His Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culture_Club_(box_set)=Culture Club - Box Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Capers=Brain Capers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(Mott_the_Hoople_album)=Live (Mott the Hoople)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Magus=Dark Magus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paint_My_Love_-_Greatest_Hits=Paint My Love - Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_to_Lose_(Michael_Learns_to_Rock_album)=Nothing to Lose (Michael Learns to Rock)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Night_(Michael_Learns_to_Rock_album)=Blue Night (Michael Learns to Rock)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthworks_(album)=Earthworks (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aman_Iman=Aman Iman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupus_Dei=Lupus Dei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_Airplane_Loves_You=Jefferson Airplane Loves You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Golden_Gate_Park=At Golden Gate Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Plan_(album)=Simple Plan (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_The_Smiths=The Sound of The Smiths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Long_Time_Comin'=A Long Time Comin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enchant_(album)=Enchant (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandes_(album)=Grandes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nightmare_Before_Christmas_(soundtrack)=The Nightmare Before Christmas: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Byrd=Electric Byrd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_Love_&_Loss=Songs of Love & Loss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_over_Europe_2007=Live Over Europe 2007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_with_Me_(Regina_Belle_album)=Stay with Me (Regina Belle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Season_(album)=Killing Season (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Album_(Barbra_Streisand_album)=A Christmas Album (Barbra Streisand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Is_Fine=Everything Is Fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Kloot_Play_Moolah_Rouge=I Am Kloot Play Moolah Rouge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HAARP_(album)=HAARP (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabretta=Cabretta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rock_(The_Frankie_Miller_Band_album)=The Rock (Frankie Miller)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolette_(album)=Nicolette (Nicolette Larson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Black_Death=The Return of the Black Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_the_Kings_(album)=We the Kings (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indestructible_(Disturbed_album)=Indestructible (album Disturbed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_House_(Frankie_Miller_album)=Full House (Frankie Miller)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Street_Crawler_(album)=Back Street Crawler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventh_Tree=Seventh Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_My_Children_Hear_Music=Let My Children Hear Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Salt_with_a_Deadly_Pepa=A Salt with a Deadly Pepa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blacks'_Magic=Black's Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Trouble_(Frankie_Miller_album)=Double Trouble (Frankie Miller)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Times,_Bad_Times..._Ten_Years_of_Godsmack=Good Times, Bad Times... Ten Years of Godsmack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacrifist=Sacrifist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metatron_(Praxis_album)=Metatron (Praxis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_The_Moody_Blues=This is The Moody Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Struttin'=Cool Struttin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Child's_Adventure=A Child's Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_the_Storm=Live the Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blooddrunk=Blooddrunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mark_of_the_Judas=The Mark of the Judas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Angels_&_Serpents_Dance=When Angels & Serpents Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_in_Silhouette=Jazz in Silhouette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychopathics_from_Outer_Space_3=Psychopathics from Outer Space 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_DJ_Quik:_Da_Finale=The Best of DJ Quik: Da Finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartoon_Heroes:_The_Best_of_Aqua=Cartoon Heroes: The Best of Aqua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clic_(album)=Clic (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undeniable_(AZ_album)=Undeniable (AZ)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Youth:_The_Unplugged_Invasion=Alien Youth: The Unplugged Invasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Memphis_Album=The Memphis Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y2K_(EP)=Y2K EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_la_Vida_or_Death_and_All_His_Friends=Viva la vida or Death and All His Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/+'Justments=+'Justments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_to_Rock=Ready to Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wazoo_(album)=Wazoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funplex=Funplex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_3D_EP=The 3D EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_(album)=Point (Cornelius)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dig,_Lazarus,_Dig!!!=Dig, Lazarus, Dig!!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Sounds_Like_This=...Sounds Like This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_the_Future=Remember the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super-Sonic_Jazz=Super-Sonic Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_to_Land_(Little_Big_Town_album)=A Place to Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubilee_(Sex_Pistols_album)=Jubilee (Sex Pistols)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pour_l'Amour_des_Chiens=Pour l'Amour des Chiens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasma=Fantasma (disambigua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_(Simon_Webbe_album)=Live (Simon Webbe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newk's_Time=Newk's Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondo_Cane_(album)=Mondo cane (Mike Patton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Hours_(Linda_Perry_album)=After Hours (Linda Perry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh,_by_the_Way=Oh, by the Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_to_the_Point_(album)=Getting to the Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_of_Seven=Last of Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VH1_Behind_the_Music:_Go-Go's_Collection=VH1 Behind the Music: Go-Go's Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outsideinside=Outsideinside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Your_Momma=Who's Your Momma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Flight_(Linda_Perry_album)=In Flight (Linda Perry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loud_and_Clear_(Autograph_album)=Loud and Clear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Angels_Fear_to_Tread_(Mink_DeVille_album)=Where Angels Fear to Tread (Mink DeVille)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BulletBoys_(album)=BulletBoys (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freakshow_(BulletBoys_album)=Freakshow (BulletBoys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Za-Za=Za-Za
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blond_Ambition_World_Tour_Live=Live! - Blond Ambition World Tour 90
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New!_Improved!=New! Improved!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Rock_'n'_Roll_Swindle_(album)=The Great Rock 'n' Roll Swindle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Martin..._Live_Black_&_White_Tour=Live - Black & White Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Shoot_the_Messenger=Don't Shoot the Messenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Five_album)=Greatest Hits (5ive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sportin'_Life_(Mink_DeVille_album)=Sportin' Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equilibrium_(Crowbar_album)=Equilibrium (Crowbar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Station_(album)=Metro Station (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Montreux_2003=Live at Montreux 2003 (Yes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_About=It's All About
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfamiliar_Faces=Unfamiliar Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Influence_(Terra_Naomi_album)=Under the Influence (Terra Naomi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapter_VII:_Hope_&_Sorrow=Chapter VII: Hope & Sorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Preacher=Country Preacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaos_Born=Chaos Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hankou_Seimeibun=Hankou Seimeibun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovey_(album)=Lovey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightning_Strikes_Again=Lightning Strikes Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Day_(Cascada_album)=Perfect Day (album Cascada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_(album)=The Power (Vanessa Amorosi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visitor_(Arena_album)=The Visitor (Arena)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candleland=Candleland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dainihon_Itangeishateki_Noumiso_Gyaku_Kaiten_Zekkyou_Ongenshuu=Dainihon itangeishateki nōmiso gyaku kaiten zekkyō ongenshū
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Other_Bruises=Love & Other Bruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supply_and_Demand_(Dagmar_Krause_album)=Supply & Demand (Dagmar Krause)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nook_(album)=Nook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Trail=Paper Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bottom_of_Chaos=The bottom of chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaughterhouse_on_the_Prairie=Slaughterhouse on the Prairie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boots_(album)=Boots (Nancy Sinatra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_&_Hymns=Rhythm & Hymns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_in_Rome_2007=When in Rome 2007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Station=Heart Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribe_(EP)=Tribe (Soulfly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pagan_Storm=A Pagan Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jormundgand=Jormundgand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Hoo_Ha=Diamond Hoo Ha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Je_m'appelle_Barbra=Je m'appelle Barbra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genius_of_Modern_Music:_Volume_2=Genius of Modern Music: Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simply_Streisand=Simply Streisand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_'69=Soul '69
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materia_(album)=Materia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jugganauts:_The_Best_of_Insane_Clown_Posse=Jugganauts: The Best of Insane Clown Posse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ursa_Major_(album)=Ursa Major (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_It_(Britt_Nicole_album)=Say It (Britt Nicole)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Cartoon_Motion=Live in Cartoon Motion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_About_Today%3F=What About Today?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Learns_to_Rock_(2004_album)=Michael Learns to Rock (2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringo_Starr:_Live_at_Soundstage=Ringo Starr: Live at Soundstage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alsou_(album)=Alsou (album 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_First_to_Last_(album)=From First to Last (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ObZen=ObZen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_True_Human_Design=The True Human Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hits_&_Rarities=Hits & Rarities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Highway:_The_Concert=Lost Highway: The Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Broadway_Run_Down=East Broadway Run Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mingus_at_the_Bohemia=Mingus at the Bohemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pro_Tools_(album)=Pro Tools (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lick_(album)=Lick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Featuring...Eazy-E=Featuring...Eazy-E
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Covenant_Progress=The Covenant Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inner_Worlds=Inner Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnaval_(Spyro_Gyra_album)=Carnaval (Spyro Gyra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Evening_with_Wild_Man_Fischer=An Evening with Wild Man Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_(Bob_James_album)=One (Bob James)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_(Go_album)=Go (Go)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Live_from_Paris=Go Live from Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reborn_(Northern_Kings_album)=Reborn (Northern Kings)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Formation_of_Damnation=The Formation of Damnation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(The_Jesus_Lizard_album)=Blue (The Jesus Lizard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_(The_Jesus_Lizard_album)=Bang (The Jesus Lizard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugarhill_Gang_(album)=Sugarhill Gang (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8th_Wonder_(album)=8th Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Experience=More Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warning_Device=Warning Device
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_Plus_(album)=The Bad Plus (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoolly_D_(album)=Schoolly D (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_Some_Kill=Smoke Some Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ego_Trippin'=Ego Trippin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1953:_An_Exceptional_Encounter=1953: An Exceptional Encounter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Live_the_King_(album)=Long Live the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_(Alice_Nine_album)=Alpha (Alice Nine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/19_(Alsou_album)=19 (Alsou)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghetto_Fabulous_(album)=Ghetto Fabulous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blott_en_dag_(album)=Blott en dag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_(Vanessa-Mae_album)=Storm (Vanessa-Mae)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radiohead_Box_Set=Radiohead Box Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Days_and_Time=Last Days and Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cosmos_Rocks=The Cosmos Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Weather_(Marianne_Faithfull_album)=Strange Weather (Marianne Faithfull)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harem_Scarem_(album)=Harem Scarem (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardians_of_the_Flame_(album)=Guardians of the Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Giorni=I giorni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppet_Show_(album)=Puppet Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumping_All_Over_the_World=Jumping All Over the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Missing_(album)=Who's Missing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two's_Missing=Two's Missing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufus_Does_Judy_at_Carnegie_Hall=Rufus Does Judy at Carnegie Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Montana_2:_Non-Stop_Dance_Party=Hannah Montana 2: Non-Stop Dance Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnin'_(Patti_LaBelle_album)=Burnin' (Patti LaBelle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winner's_Journey_(Natalie_Gauci_album)=The Winner's Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_You_Fell_in_Love_with_a_Musician...=So You Fell in Love with a Musician...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Profanation_(Preparation_for_a_Coming_Darkness)=Profanation (Preparation for a Coming Darkness)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_(Willie_Nelson_album)=Spirit (Willie Nelson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_in_the_Blue=Out in the Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B-Sides_Volume_1=B-Sides Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Hope_Is_Gone=All Hope Is Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_World_Live_in_Paris=Secret World (Live in Paris 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Awkward=Get Awkward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_(Ayumi_Hamasaki_album)=Guilty (Ayumi Hamasaki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Evil_(album)=Prime Evil (Venom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Rainbow_(Connie_Talbot_album)=Over the Rainbow (Connie Talbot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patti_Austin_(album)=Patti Austin (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backwoods_Barbie=Backwoods Barbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Krig=I Krig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitch_Black_Brigade=Pitch Black Brigade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_Thing=The God Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Monterey=Live at Monterey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heretic_Pride=Heretic Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pochette_Surprise_(Surprise_Package)=Pochette Surprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuff_Enuff=Tuff Enuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_and_Earth_(Al_Jarreau_album)=Heaven and Earth (Al Jarreau)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Det_tapte_liv=Det Tapte Liv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defeat_of_Satan=The Defeat of Satan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Heat_(Quincy_Jones_album)=Body Heat (album Quincy Jones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Top_(Cozy_Powell_album)=Over the Top (Cozy Powell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Is_Here=Eric Is Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_of_Genius=Portrait of Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good,_the_Bad_and_the_Upsetters=The Good, the Bad and the Upsetters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sogna_ragazzo_sogna=Sogna ragazzo sogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Themes_for_Great_Cities_79/81=Themes for Great Cities 79/81
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Promised=The Promised
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quaristice=Quaristice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_It_Again,_Shan=Play It Again, Shan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jailhouse_Rock_(EP)=Jailhouse Rock (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_in_Dreams=Trouble in Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Andrea_Bocelli:_Vivere=Vivere - The Best of Andrea Bocelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saviour_Machine_I=Saviour Machine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supergott=Supergott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_We_Made=What We Made
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Answers_to_Nothing=Answers to Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'esquisse=L'Esquisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B_Sides_and_C_Sides=B Sides and C Sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_Life_(Bret_Michaels_album)=Songs of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_in_the_Name_of_Love=All in the Name of Love (Atlantic Starr)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_(Tila_Tequila_EP)=Sex (Tila Tequila)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_the_Real_World=Live in the Real World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eighth_World=Eighth World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robyn's_Best=Robyn's Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes,_Friends_and_Relatives=Yes, Friends and Relatives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounds_of_the_Season:_The_KT_Tunstall_Holiday_Collection=Sounds of the Season: The KT Tunstall Holiday Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Moses_(album)=Black Moses (Isaac Hayes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presenting_Isaac_Hayes=Presenting Isaac Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_Me_in_Your_Arms_(album)=Hold Me in Your Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Hitters=Heavy Hitters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neue_Deutsche_Welle_(album)=Neue Deutsche Welle (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolutions_(The_X-Ecutioners_album)=Revolutions (X-Ecutioners)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Barricades=Through the Barricades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singles_Collection_(Spandau_Ballet_album)=The Singles Collection (Spandau Ballet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tostaky=Tostaky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Spandau_Ballet=The Best of Spandau Ballet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Gold_(Spandau_Ballet_album)=Original Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody's_Daughter=Nobody's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Infinitives=Twin Infinitives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accelerator_(Royal_Trux_album)=Accelerator (Royal Trux)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Struggle_(Nonpoint_album)=Struggle (Nonpoint)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Amerykah_Part_One_(4th_World_War)=New Amerykah Part One (4th World War)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iconoclast_(Part_1:_The_Final_Resistance)=Iconoclast (Part 1: The Final Resistance)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixes_&_Sevens=Sixes & Sevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adentro=Adentro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bright_Lights_of_America=The Bright Lights of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Me_Your_Love_(album)=Bring Me Your Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_Drop_and_Roll!!!=Stop Drop and Roll!!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_Off_the_Lavender_Bridge=Falling Off the Lavender Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Large=Living Large
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Tyme=Big Tyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Carpet_(album)=The Black Carpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peaceful_Journey=Peaceful Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Funk=Blue Funk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cannonball_Adderley_Quintet_in_San_Francisco=The Cannonball Adderley Quintet in San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loaded_(Brotha_Lynch_Hung_album)=Loaded (Brotha Lynch Hung)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterbed_Hev=Waterbed Hev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Too_Loud=Never Too Loud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakaway_(Art_Garfunkel_album)=Breakaway (Art Garfunkel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Twilight_Dwells=Where Twilight Dwells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_(Heavy_D_album)=Heavy (Heavy D)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_on_Now,_Youngster...=Hold on Now, Youngster...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped!_(album)=Trapped!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverback_Gorilla=Silverback Gorilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_(Regina_Belle_album)=Passion (Regina Belle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bees_Made_Honey_in_the_Lion's_Skull=The Bees Made Honey in the Lion's Skull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laced/Unlaced=Laced/Unlaced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhymes_&_Reasons_(John_Denver_album)=Rhymes and Reasons (John Denver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_to_Tomorrow=Take Me to Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whose_Garden_Was_This=Whose Garden Was This?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerie_(album)=Aerie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Mountain_High_(album)=Rocky Mountain High (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_Andromeda=Farewell Andromeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Home_Again_(John_Denver_album)=Back Home Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Evening_with_John_Denver=An Evening with John Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Mountain_Christmas=Rocky Mountain Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_(John_Denver_album)=Spirit (John Denver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Denver's_Greatest_Hits,_Volume_2=John Denver's Greatest Hits, Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Denver's_Greatest_Hits,_Volume_3=John Denver's Greatest Hits, Volume 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virus_(album)=The Virus (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bit_o'_This_&_That=A Bit O' This & That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peakin'_at_the_Beacon=Peakin' at the Beacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Future=In the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner_(album)=The Prisoner (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Lucky_(John_Lee_Hooker_album)=Mr. Lucky (album John Lee Hooker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Parade_Is_Dead!=The Black Parade Is Dead!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/120_Days_(album)=120 Days (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Gangster_(Extraordinary_Gentleman)=Super Gangster (Extraordinary Gentleman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theorius_Campus=Theorius Campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sotto_il_segno_dei_pesci=Sotto il segno dei pesci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prendilo_tu_questo_frutto_amaro=Prendilo tu questo frutto amaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Are_the_Good_Times_People=These Are the Good Times People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konk_(album)=Konk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunburnt=Sunburnt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moods_(Neil_Diamond_album)=Moods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_People_Have_Real_Problems=Some People Have Real Problems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Rottenhat=Old Rottenhat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_(Mindless_Self_Indulgence_album)=If (Mindless Self Indulgence)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1985_(album)=1985 (Enuff Z'nuff)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Gothic_(EP)=American Gothic (The Smashing Pumpkins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Wacken_Open_Air_2006=Live at Wacken Open Air 2006
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two-Faced_(Tankard_album)=Two-Faced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disco_Destroyer=Disco Destroyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lush_Life_(Linda_Ronstadt_album)=Lush Life (Linda Ronstadt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Album_(Baroness_album)=Red Album (Baroness)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Blues_for_Thirteen_Moons=13 Blues for Thirteen Moons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Carnival_Christmas=A Carnival Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conception_(album)=Conception (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Period_(album)=Blue Period
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewel_of_the_Nile=Jewel of the Nile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IV_:_Blazing_Hot=IV: Blazing Hot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dig_(Miles_Davis_album)=Dig (Miles Davis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refugee_(Refugee_album)=Refugee (Refugee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_The_Doors_(1973_album)=The Best of The Doors (1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N_(album)=N (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Advantage_(album)=The Advantage (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guetta_Blaster=Guetta Blaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Come_the_Lords=Here Come the Lords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keepers_of_the_Funk=Keepers of the Funk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Beck_with_the_Jan_Hammer_Group_Live=Jeff Beck with the Jan Hammer Group Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Formula_(album)=The Formula (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journey_and_the_Labyrinth=The Journey and the Labyrinth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphonic_Live=Symphonic Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_to_the_Living=Lost to the Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Could_It_Be=How Could It Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbit_Habits=Rabbit Habits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Float_(Flogging_Molly_album)=Float (album Flogging Molly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Morrissey_album)=Greatest Hits (Morrissey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptune_City_(album)=Neptune City (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showtime_(James_Brown_album)=Showtime (James Brown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Joe_/_Radio_Ethiopia=Hey Joe/Radio Ethiopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Passenger=The Glass Passenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turning_Season_Within=Turning Season Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_Over_the_Slaughterhouse=Somewhere Over the Slaughterhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walthamstow_(album)=Walthamstow (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_(East_17_album)=Steam (album East 17)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_All_Night_(East_17_album)=Up All Night (East 17)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_Hit_Singles:_The_Journey_So_Far=Around the World Hit Singles: The Journey So Far
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(East_17_album)=Resurrection (East 17)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_17:_The_Platinum_Collection=East 17 - The Platinum Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_of_Sound=Freedom of Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Letter_from_Death_Row_(album)=A Letter from Death Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detours_(Sheryl_Crow_album)=Detours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Milwaukee=Live in Milwaukee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Dan_Fogelberg_album)=Greatest Hits (Dan Fogelberg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can_See_Clearly_Now_(Johnny_Nash_album)=I Can See Clearly Now (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_B-Side_Collection=The B-Side Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moment_of_Forever=Moment of Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remembering_White_Lion=Remembering White Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocking_the_USA=Rocking the USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metamorfoz=Metamorfoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_(album)=Rosie (Fairport Convention)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_New_Orleans_(album)=City of New Orleans (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Weekend_(album)=Vampire Weekend (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_the_News=Break the News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Road:_Best_of_Bon_Jovi=Tokyo Road: Best of Bon Jovi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glitter_4_Your_Soul=Glitter 4 Your Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Warrant=The Best of Warrant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punkzilla=Punkzilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Lou_Reed_&_The_Velvet_Underground=The Best of Lou Reed & Velvet Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NYC_Man:_Greatest_Hits=NYC Man: Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feedback_Is_Payback=Feedback Is Payback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Of_(The_Cardigans_album)=Best Of (The Cardigans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grave_New_World_(Discharge_album)=Grave New World (Discharge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11_(Bryan_Adams_album)=11 (Bryan Adams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Pride=Return of the Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Evening_with_the_Allman_Brothers_Band:_First_Set=An Evening with the Allman Brothers Band: First Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oracular_Spectacular=Oracular Spectacular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Wars=Love Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong:_Jean-Luc_Ponty_Plays_the_Music_of_Frank_Zappa=King Kong: Jean-Luc Ponty Plays the Music of Frank Zappa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_to_Pretend_(EP)=Time to Pretend (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunar_Eclipse_(album)=Lunar Eclipse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relentless_(Natalie_Grant_album)=Relentless (Natalie Grant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mafia_(B.U.G._Mafia_album)=Mafia (B.U.G. Mafia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_(EP)=Chicken (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Albert_Rotunda=Fat Albert Rotunda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dresden_Dolls_(EP)=The Dresden Dolls (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lessons_to_Be_Learned=Lessons to Be Learned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfume:_Complete_Best=Perfume ~Complete Best~
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hole_in_the_Sun=Hole in the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_Up_(UB40_album)=Cover Up (UB40)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Bee_Gees,_Volume_2=Best of Bee Gees, Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Evening_with_the_Allman_Brothers_Band:_2nd_Set=An Evening with the Allman Brothers Band: 2nd Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Morgan's_Revenge=Captain Morgan's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incognito_(Spyro_Gyra_album)=Incognito (Spyro Gyra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phaseshifter=Phaseshifter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_&_Release=Attack & Release
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_(album)=The Face (BoA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Time_(album)=Good Time (album Alan Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_Tsongas=Songs from Tsongas - Yes 35th Anniversary Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Video_Hits_(Yes_video)=Greatest Video Hits (Yes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_of_the_Earth=Gods of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Caress_of_the_Void=A Caress of the Void
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Thrust_Mastery=Brain Thrust Mastery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty._Odd.=Pretty. Odd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fury_&_Flames=Fury & Flames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Not_There_(soundtrack)=I'm Not There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Mali=Radio Mali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_I_Heart_Revolution:_With_Hearts_as_One=The I Heart Revolution: With Hearts as One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Then_and_Now_(Warrant_album)=Then and Now (Warrant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Closer_You_Get...=The Closer You Get...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/19_(Adele_album)=19 (Adele)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_vies=7 vies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hit_(...And_21_Other_Pretty_Cool_Songs)=Greatest Hit (...and 21 Other Pretty Cool Songs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Mushrumps=Midnight Mushrumps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Songs_(Billy_Ray_Cyrus_album)=Love Songs (Billy Ray Cyrus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uomo_di_pezza=Uomo di pezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_12%22_Collection=The 12" Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watershed_(Opeth_album)=Watershed (Opeth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raw_Footage=Raw Footage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sense_of_Purpose=A Sense of Purpose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Lake_(album)=Greg Lake (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_(Asia_album)=Phoenix (Asia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_the_Moon=Down to the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pass_It_On_Down_(Alabama_album)=Pass It On Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Remixes=Dance Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_It_Simple=Keep It Simple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_from_Above=Light from Above
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_Telling_Myself_It's_Alright=Keep Telling Myself It's Alright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Fight_Fate=Can't Fight Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affenstunde=Affenstunde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hosianna_Mantra=Hosianna Mantra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scars_&_Souvenirs=Scars & Souvenirs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkin'_the_Razor's_Edge=Walkin' the Razor's Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Life_Gives_You_Lemons,_You_Paint_That_Shit_Gold=When Life Gives You Lemons, You Paint That Shit Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Iz_the_Japanese_Kabuki_Rock=This Iz the Japanese Kabuki Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_We_Go!_(Arashi_album)=Here We Go!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Don't_Make_Them_Like_They_Used_To=They Don't Make Them Like They Used To
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happiness_(The_Beloved_album)=Happiness (The Beloved)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximum_(Murat_Boz_album)=Maximum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scouting_for_Girls_(album)=Scouting for Girls (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Definitive_Collection_(Lionel_Richie_album)=The Definitive Collection (Lionel Richie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_We_Were_(Barbra_Streisand_album)=The Way We Were (album Barbra Streisand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh,_Blood,_&_Videotape=Flesh, Blood, & Videotape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Love_(Lisa_Stansfield_album)=Real Love (Lisa Stansfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_It_to_My_Heart_(album)=Tell It to My Heart (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satisfied_(Taylor_Dayne_album)=Satisfied (Taylor Dayne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_a_Little_Lovin'=Just a Little Lovin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Poetry=Street Poetry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ecstatic=The Ecstatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_&_Thieves=Angels & Thieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Moment_Is_a_Flash=This Moment Is a Flash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Clare=Angel Clare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watermark_(Art_Garfunkel_album)=Watermark (Art Garfunkel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fate_for_Breakfast=Fate for Breakfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Featuring_Pharoah_Sanders_&_Black_Harold=Featuring Pharoah Sanders & Black Harold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_to_the_Sky=Head to the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frantic_(album)=Frantic (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmystery=Palmystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine_15=Machine 15
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narrow_Stairs=Narrow Stairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Collection_(Jon_and_Vangelis_album)=Private Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockferry=Rockferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinsel_Town_Rebellion=Tinseltown Rebellion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hell_E.P.=The Hell E.P.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Units_in_the_City=Units in the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_to_Be_Bad=Good to Be Bad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_Your_Distance=Keep Your Distance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Wax_Solvent=Imperial Wax Solvent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Blue:_The_Best_of_Sonic_the_Hedgehog=True Blue - The Best of Sonic the Hedgehog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_(Portishead_album)=Third (Portishead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Is_Everything_(Donny_Hathaway_album)=Everything Is Everything (Donny Hathaway)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seldom_Seen_Kid=The Seldom Seen Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_from_Siesta=Music from Siesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speeding_Time=Speeding Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Lost_the_Skyline=We Lost the Skyline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Sessions_(Rory_Gallagher_album)=BBC Sessions (Rory Gallagher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punk_Goes_Crunk=Punk Goes Crunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Dollhouse_(album)=Welcome to the Dollhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottoms_Up_(Obie_Trice_album)=Bottoms Up (Obie Trice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Urges=Evil Urges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future's_Gone_Tomorrow_/_Life_Is_Here_Today=Future's Gone Tomorrow/Life Is Here Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herrenhandtasche=Herrénhandtasche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Years_of_Piracy=The First Years of Piracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Doors_Down_(album)=3 Doors Down (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Is_the_Question!=Tomorrow Is the Question!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Sing._We_Dance._We_Steal_Things.=We Sing. We Dance. We Steal Things.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_My_World_(album)=Rock My World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Away_White=Go Away White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storia_di_un_minuto=Storia di un minuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'isola_di_niente=L'isola di niente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photos_of_Ghosts=Photos of Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defying_Gravity_(Vinnie_Moore_album)=Defying Gravity (Vinnie Moore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_Best_(Celine_Dion_album)=Complete Best (Céline Dion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Box=Ultimate Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bee_Gees'_1st=Bee Gees 1st
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_Praise_(The_Adicts_album)=Songs of Praise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearsay_(album)=Hearsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldchanger=Worldchanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tide_and_Its_Takers=The Tide and Its Takers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Es_lo_Mismo=No es lo mismo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Bridge_(album)=Rainbow Bridge (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elements_of_Life=Elements of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carved_in_Stone_(Rage_album)=Carved in Stone (Rage)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Mack_(album)=Return of the Mack (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_God=The Blue God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexuality_(album)=Sexuality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Definitive_Collection_(Stevie_Wonder_album)=Stevie Wonder: The Definitive Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katapult_(album)=Katapult (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Swan_(Story_of_the_Year_album)=The Black Swan (Story of the Year)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_England_(The_Adicts_album)=Made in England (The Adicts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Mecca=Red Mecca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8-Way_Santa=8-Way Santa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonloop=Moonloop EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Play=The Long Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_in_the_Present_Future=Living in the Present Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storia_di_un_impiegato=Storia di un impiegato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiral_Circus=Spiral Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odd_Couple_(album)=The Odd Couple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Approaching_Normal=Approaching Normal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antidotes_(album)=Antidotes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Have_No_Idea_What_You're_Getting_Yourself_Into=You Have No Idea What You're Getting Yourself Into
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency!_(album)=Emergency! (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Stone_Unturned=No Stone Unturned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolled_Gold:_The_Very_Best_of_the_Rolling_Stones=Rolled Gold: The Very Best of the Rolling Stones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hits_(New_Found_Glory_album)=Hits (New Found Glory)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_for_You_(Bizzy_Bone_album)=A Song for You (Bizzy Bone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damaged_(Course_of_Nature_album)=Damaged (Course of Nature)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Russia=Live from Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shogun_(Trivium_album)=Shogun (Trivium)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gokutama_Rock_Cafe=Gokutama ROCK CAFE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Kids_(album)=City Kids (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belafonte_Sings_the_Blues=Belafonte Sings the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tip_of_the_Iceberg_(EP)=Tip of the Iceberg/Takin' It Ova!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomme_C=Pomme C
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Quiet_Room=In My Quiet Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calypso_in_Brass=Calypso in Brass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Versatile_Doom=Digital Versatile Doom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturdays_=_Youth=Saturdays = Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tie_Your_Mix_Down:_A_Queen_Tribute=Tie Your Mix Down: A Queen Tribute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silence_Followed_by_a_Deafening_Roar=Silence Followed by a Deafening Roar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_Fingers_(album)=20 Fingers (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Ghost_Colours=In Ghost Colours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_Soho=Death in Soho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/September_(2008_album)=September (2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_&_Stripes_(EP)=Stars and Stripes (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smile_(Boris_album)=Smile (Boris)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jude_(album)=St. Jude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discosis=Discosis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Loose_(album)=Let It Loose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuthrone=Neuthrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armageddon's_Evolution=Armageddon's Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Not_the_World=This Is Not the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Premonition_(album)=The Premonition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_to_Bury_Strangers_(album)=A Place to Bury Strangers (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ask_a_Woman_Who_Knows=Ask a Woman Who Knows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yael_Naim_(album)=Yael Naim (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraft_(album)=Kraft (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peerla=Peerla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velocifero=Velocifero (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zephyr_National=Zephyr National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Departure_(Jesse_McCartney_album)=Departure (Jesse McCartney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Definition_of_Real=Definition of Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Japan_(Vader_album)=Live in Japan (Vader)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasti_Muzik=Nasti Muzik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_Not_Sex=Love Is Not Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boz_Scaggs_&_Band=Boz Scaggs & Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Way..._or_Another=One Way... or Another
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restrictions_(album)=Restrictions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retrospective_2=Retrospective 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_Fairport_Convention=The History of Fairport Convention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweat_(Hadise_album)=Sweat (Hadise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_at_Last..._Bee_Gees..._Live=Here at Last... Bee Gees... Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Boom=Midnight Boom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Down_Under=Fire Down Under
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Perfect_on_the_Wrong_Day=Everything Perfect on the Wrong Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strikes_(album)=Strikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_(Jefferson_Starship_album)=Earth (Jefferson Starship)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_(album)=Rockstar (Bosson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Plans=All the Plans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_the_UK_2008=Live in the UK 2008
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Andrew_Lloyd_Webber_Collection=The Andrew Lloyd Webber Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classics:_The_Best_of_Sarah_Brightman=Classics: The Best of Sarah Brightman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna_(album)=Vienna (album Ultravox)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_(Grace_Slick_album)=Dreams (Grace Slick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_(album)=Software (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Fish_(album)=Three Fish (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_the_411%3F_Remix=What's the 411? Remix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_vs_Satchel=Brad vs Satchel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alas,_I_Cannot_Swim=Alas, I Cannot Swim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhole_(album)=Manhole (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life,_Death,_Love_and_Freedom=Life, Death, Love and Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sgt._Disco=Sgt. Disco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unblessing_the_Purity=Unblessing the Purity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_Burner=Book Burner (Pig Destroyer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunfighter=Sunfighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wie_Pech_&_Schwefel=Wie Pech & Schwefel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic:_The_Poetry_of_War=Epic: The Poetry of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anywhere_I_Lay_My_Head=Anywhere I Lay My Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Chubbyland:_Popa_Chubby_Plays_Jimi_Hendrix=Electric Chubbyland: Popa Chubby Plays Jimi Hendrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/22_Dreams=22 Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Za_Bakdaz=Za Bakdaz: The Unfinished Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_Among_the_Deadmen=Down Among the Deadmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Twist_in_My_Story=A Twist in My Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanethes=Amanethes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Access_All_Areas_(Spyro_Gyra_album)=Access All Areas (Spyro Gyra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extracts_from_the_Album_A_Hard_Day's_Night=Extracts from the Album "A Hard Day's Night"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suits_(album)=Suits (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigbang_Vol.1=Bigbang Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballads_of_Sacco_&_Vanzetti=Ballads of Sacco and Vanzetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_von_Tollbooth_&_the_Chrome_Nun=Baron von Tollbooth & the Chrome Nun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Fever_(album)=Yellow Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_of_the_Night_(album)=Rhythm of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Call_of_the_Wretched_Sea=The Call of the Wretched Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildest_Dreams_(Saga_album)=Wildest Dreams (Saga)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risky_Business_(soundtrack)=Risky Business (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wavelength_(soundtrack)=Wavelength (Tangerine Dream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_of_Iska=Odyssey of Iska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashpoint_(soundtrack)=Flashpoint (Tangerine Dream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreakers_(soundtrack)=Heartbreakers (Tangerine Dream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Coop=From the Coop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_Up_(Ministry_album)=Cover Up (Ministry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Both_Worlds_Concert_(soundtrack)=Best of Both Worlds Concert (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivers_of_Babylon_(A_Best_of_Collection)=Rivers of Babylon (A Best of Collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trick_or_Treat_(Fastway_album)=Trick or Treat (Fastway)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knife_(album)=Knife (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_(Tech_N9ne_album)=Killer (Tech N9ne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_Roulette=Revolution Roulette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Glad_You're_Here_with_Me_Tonight=I'm Glad You're Here with Me Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solitary_(album)=Solitary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zapp_II=Zapp II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_the_Boss_(album)=Who's the Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_One_(She_&_Him_album)=Volume One (She & Him)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warpaint_(The_Black_Crowes_album)=Warpaint (The Black Crowes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_Up_(album)=Face Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Dose_(Hot_Tuna_album)=Double Dose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_the_Understatement=The Age of the Understatement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13th_Star=13th Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Japan_(Deep_Forest_album)=Made in Japan (Deep Forest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_of_Crows=Field of Crows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praises_to_the_War_Machine=Praises to the War Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Furthurmore...=And Furthurmore...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Takes_a_Nation_of_Millions_to_Hold_Us_Back=It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_of_Life_(album)=The Game of Life (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hits_from_the_Bow=Hits from the Bow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Halls_of_Eternity=The Halls of Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diabolical_Conquest=Diabolical Conquest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Blow_and_the_Rainy_Night=Cold Blow and the Rainy Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restless_Breed=Restless Breed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Two_Fires_(album)=Between Two Fires (Paul Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unexpected_(Michelle_Williams_album)=Unexpected (album Michelle Williams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hits_(Kelis_album)=The Hits (Kelis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butcher's_Ballroom=The Butcher's Ballroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_(Rick_Astley_album)=Free (Rick Astley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill,_I_Oughtta=Kill, I Oughtta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winger_Live=Live (Winger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Ire_&_Song=Love Ire & Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Lives_(Steve_Winwood_album)=Nine Lives (Steve Winwood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounds_So_Good=Sounds So Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(Spyro_Gyra_album)=Breakout (Spyro Gyra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studentessi=Studentessi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_On=Heart On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_to_Reel_(Marillion_album)=Real to Reel (Marillion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brief_Encounter_(album)=Brief Encounter (Marillion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Kiss_(album)=The Last Kiss (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunsets_on_Empire=Sunsets on Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pair_a_Dice_Found=Pair a Dice Found
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Phoenix=Live in Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_an_Old_Fashioned_Waltz=Like an Old Fashioned Waltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Archive:_Live,_Lost_&_Found=The Archive: Live, Lost & Found
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_George_Benson_Cookbook=The George Benson Cookbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthems_for_the_Damned=Anthems for the Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_and_Gentlemen_(Lou_Bega_album)=Ladies and Gentlemen (Lou Bega)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_Months,_Eleven_Days=Twelve Months, Eleven Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_&_Soul_(Rick_Astley_album)=Body & Soul (Rick Astley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_It_Turned_On=Keep It Turned On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_(Rick_Astley_album)=Portrait (Rick Astley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_(Agua_de_Annique_album)=Air (Agua de Annique)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/II_Trill=II Trill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ode_to_J._Smith=Ode to J. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snakes_&_Arrows_Live=Snakes & Arrows Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holographic_Universe_(album)=Holographic Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Genius_Sings_the_Blues=The Genius Sings the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_O'Clock=4 o'Clock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Feel_Good_Record_of_the_Year=The Feel Good Record of the Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_an_Accelerated_Culture=Music for an Accelerated Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okumuki=Okumuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Aura_(album)=L'Aura (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_or_Nothing_(The_Subways_album)=All or Nothing (The Subways)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_the_Light_(The_Jeff_Healey_Band_album)=See the Light (album Jeff Healey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Feel=All I Feel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22V%22_Is_for_Viagra._The_Remixes="V" Is for Viagra. The Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arise!_(Amebix_album)=Arise!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_at_Devil_Dirt=Sunday at Devil Dirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_in_A&E=Songs in A&E
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Kind_of_Love=This Kind of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Emma,_Forever_Ago=For Emma, Forever Ago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pussysoul=Pussysoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Love_&_Justice=Mr Love & Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atado_a_Tu_Amor=Atado a tu amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiempo_de_Vals=Tiempo de vals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_You're_Married_But_I've_Got_Feelings_Too=I Know You're Married But I've Got Feelings Too
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civilized_Man=Civilized Man (Joe Cocker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Hollywood_(RBD_album)=Live in Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troubadour_(George_Strait_album)=Troubadour (George Strait)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_to_Prove_(H2O_album)=Nothing to Prove (H2O)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavin_DeGraw_(album)=Gavin DeGraw (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Business_(EPMD_album)=Strictly Business (album EPMD)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citadel_(Starcastle_album)=Citadel (Starcastle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fountains_of_Light=Fountains of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starcastle_(album)=Starcastle (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quilt=The Quilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_(Cherish_album)=The Truth (Cherish)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Antebellum_(album)=Lady Antebellum (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_the_Back_Horn=Best The Back Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digi_Snacks=Digi Snacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lookout_Mountain,_Lookout_Sea=Lookout Mountain, Lookout Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thought_Remains_the_Same=The Thought Remains the Same
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encanto_(album)=Encanto (Sérgio Mendes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(Venom_album)=Resurrection (Venom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recommended_Records_Sampler=Recommended Records Sampler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cape_Breton_Lobster_Bash_Series=The Cape Breton Lobster Bash Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Davis_and_Horns=Miles Davis and Horns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Loved_Yesterday=I Loved Yesterday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evensong_(album)=Evensong (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poolside_(album)=Poolside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Wall_(album)=Chinese Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.S.A._Crew=A.S.A. Crew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_and_Love_Affair_(album)=Hercules and Love Affair (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Day_Yesterday_(Joe_Bonamassa_album)=A New Day Yesterday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happiness_Is_the_Road=Happiness Is the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AngL=AngL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Navigating_by_the_Stars=The Art of Navigating by the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychedelic_Lollipop=Psychedelic Lollipop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystical_Adventures=Mystical Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praise_the_Fallen=Praise the Fallen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Walters_(album)=Jamie Walters (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_to_Remember=Songs to Remember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wacken_Carnage=The Wacken Carnage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Satchafunkilus_and_the_Musterion_of_Rock=Professor Satchafunkilus and the Musterion of Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unborn_(2009_film)=Il mai nato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Ground_(Barbra_Streisand_album)=Higher Ground (album Barbra Streisand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Happening_in_Central_Park=A Happening in Central Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbreakable_(Fireflight_album)=Unbreakable (Fireflight)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Healing_of_Harms=The Healing of Harms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unborn_(album)=Unborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_&_Well_(B.B._King_album)=Live & Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Believer=Midnight Believer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_in_the_Past_(album)=Living in the Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_of_Love_(Anita_Baker_album)=Rhythm of Love (Anita Baker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_in_Stereo=Strange in Stereo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Way_to_the_Sky=On the Way to the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Myth_Fades_to_Legend=Where Myth Fades to Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consolers_of_the_Lonely=Consolers of the Lonely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Hawkins_and_the_Coattail_Riders_(album)=Taylor Hawkins and the Coattail Riders (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cass_Elliot_(album)=Cass Elliot (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Hour_Cymbals=All Hour Cymbals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alternating_Currents_(album)=Alternating Currents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arde_el_Cielo=Arde el cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_Indeed!_(Ray_Charles_album)=Yes Indeed!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hymn_for_My_Soul=Hymn for My Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_of_Sin=One Night of Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Calls_(album)=Night Calls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_(Perfume_album)=GAME
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadise_(album)=Hadise (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Love_Like_Ours=A Love Like Ours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Taylor_Dayne_album)=Greatest Hits (Taylor Dayne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volver_a_Nacer=Volver a nacer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1958_Miles=1958 Miles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/35_Biggest_Hits=35 Biggest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairport_Live_Convention=Fairport Live Convention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Pit=Rock Pit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Matter_Moving_at_the_Speed_of_Light=Dark Matter Moving at the Speed of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digging_Your_Scene:_The_Best_of_The_Blow_Monkeys=Digging Your Scene - The Best of The Blow Monkeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Awake=The Great Awake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foot_in_Mouth_(Goldfinger_album)=Foot in Mouth (Goldfinger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_with_Chet_Atkins=Christmas with Chet Atkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Bands_Have_Won=The Boy Bands Have Won
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_Stage_Right=Exit Stage Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Access_All_Areas:_A_Rock_&_Roll_Odyssey=Access All Areas: A Rock & Roll Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringo_5.1:_The_Surround_Sound_Collection=Ringo 5.1: The Surround Sound Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_or_Die_Trying=Rise or Die Trying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_in_Line=Stand in Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victim_of_the_System=Victim of the System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbeque_King=Barbeque King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Rock_(soundtrack)=Camp Rock (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No,_Virginia...=No, Virginia...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fucking_Smilers=Fucking Smilers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_con_Proby=Focus con Proby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_Back_in_Time=Somewhere Back in Time: The Best of 1980-1989
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Silico_(Pendulum_album)=In silico (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Does_That_Grab_You%3F=How Does That Grab You?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Apples_of_the_Sun_(album)=Golden Apples of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_My_Way_Here=On My Way Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Somatic_Defilement=The Somatic Defilement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil,_You_+_Me=The Devil, You + Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Dome_Musick=Rainbow Dome Musick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_It_Up_(Rev_Theory_album)=Light It Up (album Rev Theory)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Lucious_Left_Foot:_The_Son_of_Chico_Dusty=Sir Lucious Left Foot: The Son of Chico Dusty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11i_(album)=11i
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youth_Novels=Youth Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nude_with_Boots=Nude with Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudades_de_Rock=Saudades de Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Gentleman=Year of the Gentleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_the_Mind=Confessions of the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_Live=Around the World Live (Deep Purple)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_the_Heartache:_The_BBC_Sessions=Swing the Heartache: the BBC Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Earth_to_the_Dandy_Warhols...=...Earth to the Dandy Warhols...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historia_(video)=Historia (video)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hawk_Is_Howling=The Hawk Is Howling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live:_In_the_Round,_in_Your_Face=Live: In the Round, in Your Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visualize=Visualize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erreway_en_Concierto=Erreway en concierto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...To_Be_Continued_(Isaac_Hayes_album)=...To Be Continued
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_SoHo_(Maroon_5_EP)=Live from SoHo (Maroon 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historia_/_Live:_In_the_Round,_in_Your_Face=Historia/Live: In the Round, in Your Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visualize_/_Video_Archive=Visualize/Video Archive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_Sally_&_Other_Killer_Lullabies=Hungry Sally & Other Killer Lullabies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Hole=Music Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Harlem_(album)=Spanish Harlem (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extracts_from_the_Film_A_Hard_Day's_Night=Extracts from the Film "A Hard Day's Night"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_(Paul_King_album)=Joy (Paul King)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cunning_Stunts_(Caravan_album)=Cunning Stunts (Caravan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_im_Park_2001=Rock im Park 2001
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saints_of_Los_Angeles=Saints of Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exotic_Creatures_of_the_Deep=Exotic Creatures of the Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bitch=Little Bitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radiohead:_The_Best_Of=Radiohead: The Best Of
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphabeat_(album)=This Is Alphabeat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_World_Live=Beautiful World Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleet_Foxes_(album)=Fleet Foxes (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagoda_(album)=Pagoda (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_We_Stand_(The_Fratellis_album)=Here We Stand (The Fratellis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet:_Live_in_Hawaii=Janet: Live in Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quadrophenia_(soundtrack)=Quadrophenia (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_Came_a_Spider_(album)=Along Came a Spider (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_&_Friends=Heroes & Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agony_&_Irony=Agony & Irony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanderlust_(Gavin_Rossdale_album)=WANDERlust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Sparro_(album)=Sam Sparro (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Caesars_Palace=Live at Caesars Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Horizons_(Abney_Park_album)=Lost Horizons (Abney Park)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asunder_(album)=Asunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Ringz=Thr33 Ringz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Directions_to_See_a_Ghost=Directions to See a Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_War_and_the_Ghost_of_Whitey_Ford=Love, War and the Ghost of Whitey Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_to_Promises=Truth to Promises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santogold_(album)=Santogold (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donkey_(album)=Donkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riskin'_It_All=Riskin' It All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Songs,_My_Way=Classic Songs, My Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_the_Eighties=The Best of the Eighties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walls_(Apparat_album)=Walls (Apparat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_This_Love_(album)=All This Love (album DeBarge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Special_Way=In a Special Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/.limbo_messiah=.limbo messiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aretha_(1986_album)=Aretha (album 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aretha_(1980_album)=Aretha (album 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Mount_Zoomer=At Mount Zoomer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy_Ride=Fantasy Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identified=Identified
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julianne_Hough_(album)=Julianne Hough (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_on_It=Step on It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stories_Without_Words=Stories Without Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Antidote_(Benzino_album)=The Antidote (Benzino)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Strings_(Bonnie_Tyler_album)=Heart Strings (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_That_Day=Until That Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extra,_Vol._1=Extra, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternal_Kingdom=Eternal Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_Shower=The Power of Shower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crayons_(album)=Crayons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_dimensioni_del_mio_caos=Le dimensioni del mio caos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Mixes_from_the_Album_Debut_for_All_the_People_Who_Don't_Buy_White_Labels=The Best Mixes from the Album Debut for All the People Who Don't Buy White Labels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ficca=Ficca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colour_All_My_Days=Colour All My Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Son,_the_Celebrity=My Son, the Celebrity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_in_Wonderland=Allan in Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Son,_the_Nut=My Son, the Nut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail_the_New_Dawn=Hail the New Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_&_Honour_(album)=Blood & Honour (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfectly_Clear=Perfectly Clear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strong_Survive=The Strong Survive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_What_Freedom=Freedom What Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail_Victory=Hail Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Cover,_No_Minimum=No Cover, No Minimum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Cry=Silent Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Madness=The Sound of Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Vinyl_(Hot_Tuna_album)=Final Vinyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Ya_to_the_Brink=Bring Ya to the Brink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_The_Moody_Blues=The Best of The Moody Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wha'ppen%3F=Wha'ppen?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Pledge_Allegiance_to_the_Grind_II=I Pledge Allegiance to the Grind II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_London_(Natalie_Imbruglia_EP)=Live from London (Natalie Imbruglia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_to_Analog=Death to Analog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Meantime_and_In_Between_Time=In The Meantime and In Between Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Bit_Longer=A Little Bit Longer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Started_Nothing=We Started Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peel_Sessions_Album_(Wire_album)=The Peel Sessions Album (Wire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Works_(Taylor_Hicks_album)=Early Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_When_I_Knew_It_All=Back When I Knew It All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analog_Heart=Analog Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_a_Fix=This Is a Fix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encore_(Sam_Cooke_album)=Encore (Sam Cooke)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survive,_Kaleidoscope=Survive, Kaleidoscope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rites_of_Summer=Rites of Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_of_Innocence_(Miami_Sound_Machine_album)=Eyes of Innocence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INRI_(Psyclon_Nine_album)=INRI (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scars_on_Broadway_(album)=Scars on Broadway (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Surrender=New Surrender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Sound=Fat Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Around_the_World=Once Around the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasa_Wasa=Wasa Wasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tragedies_(album)=Tragedies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rook_(album)=Rook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Midst_of_Beauty=In the Midst of Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_of_Hands=Ring of Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(The_Moody_Blues_album)=Greatest Hits (The Moody Blues)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hate_Your_Friends=Hate Your Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creator_(album)=Creator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/44_&_66=44 & 66
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_in_the_Dark=Spirit in the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_of_Fame_(The_Moody_Blues_album)=Hall of Fame (The Moody Blues)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Available_for_Propaganda=Available for Propaganda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNV_FLA=GNV FLA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diario_Mali=Diario Mali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Playroom_(Airbourne_album)=Live at the Playroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Stansfield_(album)=Lisa Stansfield (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Collection_(Lisa_Stansfield_album)=The Complete Collection (Lisa Stansfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing:_Original_Motion_Picture_Soundtrack=Swing (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_the_Fire_(Overkill_album)=Feel the Fire (Overkill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moment_(Lisa_Stansfield_album)=The Moment (Lisa Stansfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sol-Angel_and_the_Hadley_St._Dreams=Sol-Angel and the Hadley St. Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_Back_(Stevie_Wonder_album)=Looking Back - Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metamorphosis_(Papa_Roach_album)=Metamorphosis (Papa Roach)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_the_Ages=Heart of the Ages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flicker_(album)=Flicker (Niall Horan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Object_47=Object 47
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Sleeping_Corpses_Lie=Let Sleeping Corpses Lie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Band_Bossa_Nova=Big Band Bossa Nova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Quinta_Esencia=La quinta esencia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Knock_the_Baldhead:_Live=Don't Knock the Baldhead: Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_We_Do_Is_Secret_(EP)=What We Do Is Secret (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelation_(Third_Day_album)=Revelation (Third Day)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girlicious_(album)=Girlicious (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_Love_(Air_Supply_album)=Lost in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_That_You_Love_(album)=The One That You Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_and_Forever_(Air_Supply_album)=Now and Forever (Air Supply)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Supply_(1985_album)=Air Supply (album 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiem_(John_5_album)=Requiem (John 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_'til_Proved_Innocent!=Guilty 'Til Proved Innocent!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_in_Motion=Hearts in Motion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lucky_Ones_(Mudhoney_album)=The Lucky Ones (Mudhoney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Christmas_Album_(Air_Supply_album)=The Christmas Album (Air Supply)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquering_Ruler=Conquering Ruler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Times_at_Barrington_High=Fast Times at Barrington High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_in_Orbit=Dancing in Orbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flaunt_the_Imperfection=Flaunt the Imperfection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Insanity=Edge of Insanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximum_Security_(Tony_MacAlpine_album)=Maximum Security (Tony MacAlpine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Future_Part_III:_Original_Motion_Picture_Soundtrack=Back to the Future Part III: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Back_to_the_Future_Trilogy_(soundtrack)=The Back to the Future Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Price_Paradise=What Price Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Permafrost=Beyond the Permafrost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Communards_(album)=Communards (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_of_the_World_(album)=Eyes of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_to_Fly=Freedom to Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madness_(Tony_MacAlpine_album)=Madness (Tony MacAlpine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premonition_(Tony_MacAlpine_album)=Premonition (Tony MacAlpine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_(Tony_MacAlpine_album)=Evolution (Tony MacAlpine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violent_Machine=Violent Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_Paradise=Master of Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chromaticity_(album)=Chromaticity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_with_Tools=Fight with Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Show=Killer Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyokuto_Symphony:_The_Five_Stars_Night_@Budokan=Kyokuto Symphony ~The Five Stars Night~ @Budokan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demo_Anthology=Demo Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Love,_Can't_Hurt=Can't Love, Can't Hurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_(Aztec_Camera_album)=Love (Aztec Camera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Route_666_(The_Iron_Maidens_album)=Route 666
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Root_of_All_Evil_(EP)=The Root of All Evil (The Iron Maidens)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Maladies=Beautiful Maladies: The Island Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fountain_(album)=The Fountain (Echo & the Bunnymen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folkjokeopus=Folkjokeopus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Ain't_Woman_Enough=You Ain't Woman Enough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Come_Home_a_Drinkin'_(With_Lovin'_on_Your_Mind)=Don't Come Home a Drinkin' (With Lovin' on Your Mind)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_the_Dawn_(Kotipelto_album)=Waiting for the Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diva:_The_Singles_Collection=Diva: The Singles Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Driver=Project Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Gothic=Live Gothic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrisko_To_Logo_Na_Zo=Vrisko to logo na zo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Christmas=Country Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hymns_(Loretta_Lynn_album)=Hymns (Loretta Lynn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fist_City_(album)=Fist City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Squaw_Is_on_the_Warpath=Your Squaw Is on the Warpath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_We_Put_Our_Heads_Together=If We Put Our Heads Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_Upon_Your_Horns=Wings Upon Your Horns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ooku_(album)=Ooku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stewart_Copeland_Anthology=The Stewart Copeland Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Girl_Gone_Bad_Live=Good Girl Gone Bad Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_Miner's_Daughter_(album)=Coal Miner's Daughter (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Only_Make_Believe=We Only Make Believe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Be_Free_(album)=I Wanna Be Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Hags_(album)=Sea Hags (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can_Do_Anything=You Can Do Anything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alternate_Endings=Alternate Endings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tibetan_Freedom_Concert_(album)=Tibetan Freedom Concert (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remain_in_Memory:_The_Final_Show=Remain in Memory - The Final Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S-mode_3=S-mode 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S-mode_2=S-mode 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masami_Kobushi=Masami Kobushi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S-mode_1=S-mode 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_&_Age=Day & Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_XXXII:_Stone_of_Sisyphus=Chicago XXXII: Stone of Sisyphus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slip_(album)=The Slip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splatterhouse_(2010_video_game)=Splatterhouse (videogioco 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introspection_(Greg_Howe_album)=Introspection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncertain_Terms=Uncertain Terms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devotion_(Masami_Okui_album)=Devotion (Masami Okui)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li-Book_2000=Li-Book 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narita_(album)=Narita (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NEEI=NEEI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Intended_to_Be=All I Intended to Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma-KING=Ma-KING
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punkara=Punkara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V-sit=V-sit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huck_It=Huck It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_Hudson_(album)=Katy Hudson (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelation_(Journey_album)=Revelation (Journey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(Miley_Cyrus_album)=Breakout (Miley Cyrus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterpieces_(HammerFall_album)=Masterpieces (HammerFall)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_War_(Sabaton_album)=The Art of War (Sabaton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Race_(album)=Space Race (album Mi-Sex)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_of_a_Man=Pieces of a Man (Gil Scott-Heron)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prophet_Returns=The Prophet Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Seeking_Something_That_Has_Already_Found_Me=I'm Seeking Something That Has Already Found Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percussion_Bitter_Sweet=Percussion Bitter Sweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shove_It=Shove It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad,_Bad_and_Dangerous_to_Know_(The_Cross_album)=Mad, Bad and Dangerous to Know (The Cross)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Rock_(album)=Blue Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Introduction=No Introduction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Recession=The Recession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Steel_(album)=Southern Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americana_(The_Offspring_video)=Americana (video The Offspring)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voobaha=Voobaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_at_Short_Notice=Romance at Short Notice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Voyage=Secret Voyage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Texas=Live from Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Beez_wit_the_Remedy=J Beez wit the Remedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_3rd_World_(Immortal_Technique_album)=The 3rd World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singles_90/98=Singles 90/98
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traced_in_Air=Traced in Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shallow_Grave_(album)=Shallow Grave (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_de_suture=Point de suture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theater_of_the_Mind=Theater of the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movin'_On_(Commodores_album)=Movin' On (Commodores)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabid_Death's_Curse=Rabid Death's Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fasciinatiion=Fasciinatiion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Guilt=Modern Guilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ocean_and_the_Sun=The Ocean and the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheetah_Girls:_One_World_(soundtrack)=The Cheetah Girls: One World (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casus_Luciferi=Casus Luciferi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruin_(album)=Ruin (Architects)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_All_You_Madmen=Come All You Madmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_It_May_Take=Whatever It May Take
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_Entrails=Demon Entrails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Brain=Citizen Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Candlelight_Years=The Candlelight Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_from_Egypt=Letter from Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_Blodymary=Un Blodymary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Person_Friday_and_Saturday_Nights_at_the_Blackhawk,_Complete=In Person Friday and Saturday Nights at the Blackhawk, Complete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Else_(Robin_Thicke_album)=Something Else (Robin Thicke)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyone's_Got_One=Everyone's Got One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booze,_Broads_and_Beelzebub=Booze, Broads and Beelzebub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phish_(album)=Phish (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Spoons_&_Broken_Bones=Silver Spoons & Broken Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Noise_(The_Living_End_album)=White Noise (album The Living End)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Only_Truth_(album)=The Only Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovescape=Lovescape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_for_All_of_Us...=Something for All of Us...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Infekt=Divine Infekt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crwn_Thy_Frnicatr=Crwn Thy Frnicatr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raingods_with_Zippos=Raingods with Zippos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_Communion=Complete Communion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_(The_Jesus_Lizard_album)=Show (The Jesus Lizard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soft_Machine_(Ozark_Henry_album)=The Soft Machine (Ozark Henry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_(Zebrahead_album)=Phoenix (Zebrahead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolossus=Kolossus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Underground_Nuclear_Kitchen=First Underground Nuclear Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jesus_Lizard_(EP)=The Jesus Lizard (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosa_resta..._Un_fiore=Cosa resta... un fiore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_the_West=The Best of the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capo_Nord_(album)=Capo Nord (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_(Per_Elisa)=Alice (Alice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Liberty_of_Norton_Folgate=The Liberty of Norton Folgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Hall_of_Fame=The Devil's Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azimut_(Alice_album)=Azimut (Alice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackout_in_the_Red_Room=Blackout in the Red Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falsi_allarmi=Falsi allarmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gioielli_rubati=Gioielli rubati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Hotel_(album)=Park Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisir_(Alice_album)=Elisir (Alice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Japan_(The_Runaways_album)=Live in Japan (The Runaways)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang!_(Corey_Hart_album)=Bang! (Corey Hart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_sole_nella_pioggia=Il sole nella pioggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Stop_(Annie_album)=Don't Stop (Annie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_to_the_Moon=Gone to the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Keep_from_Crying=To Keep from Crying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Song_Contest_2009=Eurovision Song Contest 2009
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mezzogiorno_sulle_Alpi=Mezzogiorno sulle Alpi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Resort_(album)=The Last Resort (Trentemøller)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_On,_I'm_Comin'=Hold On, I'm Comin' (album Sam & Dave)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Show_(album)=Super Show Tour Concert Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Difficult_Shapes_&_Passive_Rhythms,_Some_People_Think_It's_Fun_to_Entertain=Difficult Shapes & Passive Rhythms, Some People Think It's Fun To Entertain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_on_the_Inside=Love on the Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio:Active=Radio:Active
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_(Alice_album)=Exit (Alice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutta_(album)=Gutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boodle_Boodle_Boodle=Boodle Boodle Boodle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Eats_Airplane_(album)=Sky Eats Airplane (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Is_My_DJ=God Is My DJ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Santa_Monica_'72=Live Santa Monica '72
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Script_(album)=The Script (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_Jukebox_(album)=Personal Juke Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mince_Spies=Mince Spies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Test_02=Crash Test 02
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deuce_(Kurtis_Blow_album)=Deuce (Kurtis Blow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_and_Soul_(Steve_Brookstein_album)=Heart and Soul (Steve Brookstein)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotus_(Elisa_album)=Lotus (Elisa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_by_Far=Better by Far
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virginia_EP=The Virginia EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_Forever_You'll_Be_Mine=Say Forever You'll Be Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_of_View_(Spyro_Gyra_album)=Point of View (Spyro Gyra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_(album)=Dancing (album Elisa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simplemente_(Chayanne_album)=Simplemente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarot_(album)=Tarot (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_from_the_Lab=Straight from the Lab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew!!!=Andrew!!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Going_to_Do_What_I_Wanna_Do:_Live_at_My_Father's_Place_1978=I'm Going to Do What I Wanna Do: Live at My Father's Place 1978
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Censored_Colors=Censored Colors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LP3_(Ratatat_album)=LP3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endangered_Species_(Y&T_album)=Endangered Species (Y&T)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_in_Sincerity=Truth in Sincerity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigo_(Matt_Bianco_album)=Indigo (Matt Bianco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_in_Avalon=Days in Avalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Giant=Sun Giant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manhattan_Project_(album)=The Manhattan Project (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Day_(Priscilla_Ahn_album)=A Good Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Brown_&_Max_Roach=Clifford Brown & Max Roach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Own_Best_Enemy=My Own Best Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lei,_gli_amici_e_tutto_il_resto=Lei, gli amici e tutto il resto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_Design_(album)=The Grand Design (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Sugar_Sits_Untouched=Your Sugar Sits Untouched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chambermaid_(EP)=Chambermaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_Hina=Ana Hina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Ayler_in_Greenwich_Village=Albert Ayler in Greenwich Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liar/Dead_Is_the_New_Alive=Liar/Dead Is the New Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_of_the_Thunder_God=Twilight of the Thunder God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunada=Lunada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Years_of_Refusal=Years of Refusal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Exile=This Is Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stand_Ins=The Stand Ins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicide_Season=Suicide Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BYO_Split_Series_Volume_II=BYO Split Series, Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Billy_Idol:_Idolize_Yourself=Idolize Yourself: The Very Best of Billy Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Shades=Night Shades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Old_Man=Same Old Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_(Oomph!_album)=Monster (OOMPH!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classical_Variations_and_Themes=Classical Variations and Themes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Days_at_the_Lodge=Last Days at the Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quaristice.Quadrange.ep.ae=Quaristice.Quadrange.ep.ae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_Dead_(Kerli_album)=Love Is Dead (album Kerli)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seul..._avec_vous=Seul... avec vous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reviens=Reviens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerli_(EP)=Kerli (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_Your_Kisses=Save Your Kisses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folklore_and_Superstition=Folklore and Superstition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_the_City:_Original_Motion_Picture_Soundtrack=Sex and the City, Vol. 2: More Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Je_te_dis_vous=Je te dis vous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dans_ma_chair=Dans ma chair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Notwist_(album)=The Notwist (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Rebel_Rockers=All Rebel Rockers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Side_Trips=Side Trips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_10cc=The Very Best of 10cc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_Beatdown=Ultra Beatdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mademoiselle_chante...=Mademoiselle chante...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bee_Gees_Gold=Bee Gees Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexe_fort=Sexe fort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_and_Wild=Sweet and Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mouthful=A Mouthful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_England_(Atomic_Rooster_album)=Made in England (Atomic Rooster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calogero_(album)=Calogero (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oracle_(Michael_Hedges_album)=Oracle (Michael Hedges)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Hot_Tuna=The Best of Hot Tuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Mind_Control=Universal Mind Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Is_Borrowed=Everything Is Borrowed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waste_Management_(album)=Waste Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_All_Flesh_(album)=The Way of All Flesh (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Through_the_Pain=Only Through the Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Million_Trillion_Stars=A Million Trillion Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Other_Disasters_(album)=Love and Other Disasters (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NME_in_Association_with_War_Child_Presents_1_Love=1 Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manorisms=Manorisms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_It_Is_(James_Brown_album)=There It Is (James Brown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frostland_Tapes=Frostland Tapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_Earth_(Jem_album)=Down to Earth (Jem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microcastle=Weird Era Cont.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acid_Queen=Acid Queen (album Tina Turner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headline_News_(album)=Headline News (Atomic Rooster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piece_of_My_Soul=Piece of My Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garou_(album)=Garou (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Up_Off_Me!=Back Up Off Me!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Max_Beyond_Thunderdome_(soundtrack)=Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flock_(album)=The Flock (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits:_The_Evidence=Greatest Hits: The Evidence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colby_O=Colby O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_songs_featured_in_Shrek=Shrek 2: The Motion Picture Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Radio_1_Live_in_Concert_(New_Order_album)=BBC Radio 1 Live in Concert (New Order)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maske=Maske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Hudson_(album)=Jennifer Hudson (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirens_of_the_Sea=Sirens of the Sea (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Then_Comes_the_Sun=Then Comes the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Balls=God's Balls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_'59_Sound=The '59 Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asile's_World=Asile's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipes_&_Flowers=Pipes & Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Damn_Tour:_Live_in_Toronto=The Best Damn Tour - Live in Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doll_Domination=Doll Domination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Time_(Thomas_Anders_album)=This Time (Thomas Anders)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_Forever=Songs Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Offspring_Collection=The Offspring Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_Violence_(album)=A History of Violence (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Ross_&_the_Supremes_Sing_and_Perform_%22Funny_Girl%22=Diana Ross & the Supremes Sing and Perform "Funny Girl"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_(Venom_album)=Hell (Venom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cast_in_Stone=Cast in Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Talk_About_Love_/_Falling_into_You_/_A_New_Day_Has_Come=Let's Talk About Love/Falling into You/A New Day Has Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Want_In:_The_Street_LP=We Want In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_the_Sound_of_Separation=Lost in the Sound of Separation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_Faith_(Aretha_Franklin_album)=Songs of Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animalize_Live_Uncensored=Animalize: Kiss Live Uncensored
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Nice_Girls=No More Nice Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Days_(Loaded_album)=Dark Days (Loaded)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_G_Files=The G Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anytime...Anywhere=Anytime...Anywhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Harry_Met_Sally..._(soundtrack)=When Harry Met Sally... (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Built_to_Destroy=Built to Destroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coltrane_for_Lovers=Coltrane for Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Plan_(album)=God's Plan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Translucence/Drift_Music=Translucence/Drift Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Global=We Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Dragon_(album)=Little Dragon (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Shot_Deal=One Shot Deal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaday=Shaday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_on_This=Eyes on This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Act_Like_You_Know_(MC_Lyte_album)=Act Like You Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_No_Other=Ain't No Other
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowflake_Midnight=Snowflake Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rephormula=RePhormula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_as_I_Wanna_B=Bad as I Wanna B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_MC_Lyte=The Very Best of MC Lyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feed_the_Animals=Feed the Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meanderthal=Meanderthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Platinum_Collection_(Blue_album)=The Platinum Collection (Blue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_Hope=There's Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyone_Is_Everybody_Else=Everyone Is Everybody Else
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Illusion_of_Progress=The Illusion of Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_Montserrat=Music for Montserrat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaFee_(album)=LaFee (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetzt_erst_recht=Jetzt erst recht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Cocaine=Free Cocaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Storm_(Aretha_Franklin_album)=Through the Storm (album Aretha Franklin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Not_Me,_It's_You=It's Not Me, It's You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_Musical_3:_Senior_Year_(soundtrack)=High School Musical 3: Senior Year (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cage_the_Elephant_(album)=Cage the Elephant (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Camilo_(album)=Michel Camilo (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_More_Once=One More Once
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forth_(album)=Forth (The Verve)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brotherhood_(The_Chemical_Brothers_album)=Brotherhood (The Chemical Brothers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny_(Chaka_Khan_album)=Destiny (Chaka Khan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farscape_(album)=Farscape (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memory_and_Destiny=Memory and Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fire_of_Awakening=The Fire of Awakening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_the_Sky_(ATC_album)=Touch the Sky (A Touch of Class)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repentance_(Lee_%22Scratch%22_Perry_album)=Repentance (Lee Perry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribute_to_Bobby=Tribute to Bobby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Chariot_of_Destruction=Fire Chariot of Destruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_Titles..._Stories_for_Film=End Titles... Stories for Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stamina_Daddy=Stamina Daddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cost_of_Living_(Rick_Wakeman_album)=Cost of Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxury_You_Can_Afford=Luxury You Can Afford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Lives_Many_Faces=Seven Lives Many Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_by_the_Night=Only by the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deface_the_Music=Deface the Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oblivion_(Utopia_album)=Oblivion (Utopia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/POV_(album)=POV (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadsongs_(Townes_van_Zandt_album)=Roadsongs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Losing_Sleep_(Axle_Whitehead_album)=Losing Sleep (Axle Whitehead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Blaze=Imperial Blaze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_in_the_Deep=Shadows in the Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotion_(Barbra_Streisand_album)=Emotion (Barbra Streisand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welela=Welela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trance_&_Acid=Trance & Acid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Japan_(Hot_Tuna_album)=Live in Japan (Hot Tuna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Montreux_1991/1992=Live at Montreux 1991/1992
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilderness_(Brett_Anderson_album)=Wilderness (Brett Anderson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Kind_Favor=One Kind Favor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Want_(3OH!3_album)=Want (3OH!3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fabled_City=The Fabled City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble_(album)=Noble (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_for_Trane=Four for Trane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nights_Are_So_Long=Nights Are So Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISelect=ISelect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Stronger_Than_Death=Will Stronger than Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centuries_of_Torment:_The_First_20_Years=Centuries of Torment: The First 20 Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_the_South..._The_Hits=Prince of the South...The Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salto_Mortal=Salto mortal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipstick_on_the_Mirror=Lipstick on the Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirt_Nasty_(album)=Dirt Nasty (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasvegas_(album)=Glasvegas (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Tokyo_(Public_Image_Limited_album)=Live in Tokyo (Public Image Ltd.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rising_Tide_of_Oblivion=The Rising Tide of Oblivion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_the_Tempest_Come=Let the Tempest Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armamentarium_(album)=Armamentarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearless_(Jazmine_Sullivan_album)=Fearless (Jazmine Sullivan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagas_(album)=Sagas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Sun_(Candlebox_album)=Into the Sun (Candlebox)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offend_Maggie=Offend Maggie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinnitus_Sanctus=Tinnitus Sanctus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conscience_(The_Beloved_album)=Conscience (The Beloved)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reincarnation_(Galneryus_album)=Reincarnation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Team_One_Spirit=One Team One Spirit - The Very Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakin'_Away_(album)=Breakin' Away (Al Jarreau)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Time_(Al_Jarreau_album)=This Time (Al Jarreau)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_It_Is=Where It Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hakai=Hakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five-star_(album)=Five-star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Unplugged_(Julieta_Venegas_album)=MTV Unplugged (Julieta Venegas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Descendants_of_Smith=Descendants of Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_of_Uranium=Garden of Uranium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memory_and_Humanity=Memory and Humanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Street_(album)=Sunday Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Absente=L'Absente (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Body_Tells_a_Story=Every Body Tells a Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_the_One..._Nobody_Else=I'm the One... Nobody Else
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motivation_Radio=Motivation Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Well_Below_the_Valley_(album)=The Well Below the Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_to_Normal=Way to Normal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Earthshaker=The Earthshaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Heart_of_a_Woman=From the Heart of a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_of_Nature_(Koko_Taylor_album)=Force of Nature (Koko Taylor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_in_America=Winter in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Van_Ronk_Sings_Ballads,_Blues,_and_a_Spiritual=Dave Van Ronk Sings Ballads, Blues and a Spiritual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concert_Classics,_Vol._4=Concert Classics, Vol. 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrio_Raid=Barrio Raid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Dave_Van_Ronk_(compilation)=Inside Dave Van Ronk (raccolta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maniacal_Vale=The Maniacal Vale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protiv_pravil=Protiv pravil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_It_to_the_Limit_(Hinder_album)=Take It to the Limit (Hinder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Jonas_(album)=Nicholas Jonas (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Sweetwater=Live at Sweetwater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Sweetwater_Two=Live at Sweetwater Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L_(Steve_Hillage_album)=L (Steve Hillage)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Mask,_Black_Gloves=Black Mask, Black Gloves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q's_Jook_Joint=Q's Jook Joint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Symphony=Black Symphony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overcome_(All_That_Remains_album)=Overcome (All That Remains)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_B._Goode_(album)=Johnny B. Goode (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Winterland=Live at Winterland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock_(Jimi_Hendrix_album)=Woodstock (album Jimi Hendrix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dawn_of_Grace=The Dawn of Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Symphony_Ideas=Morning Symphony Ideas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madvillainy_2=Madvillainy 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Heat_(The_Romantics_album)=In Heat (The Romantics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpio's_Dance=Scorpio's Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gift_of_Screws=Gift of Screws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Era=The Very Best of Era
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Album_(Shocking_Blue_album)=Third Album (Shocking Blue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gathering_(Jorn_album)=The Gathering (Jorn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_Armini=Me and Armini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_the_New_Album_EP=Not the New Album EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ill_at_Ease_(The_Methadones_album)=Ill at Ease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awaken_the_Dreamers=Awaken the Dreamers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dystopia_(Beneath_the_Massacre_album)=Dystopia (Beneath the Massacre)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Ice_(album)=Black Ice (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Passion=Sweet Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Roses_(The_Rasmus_album)=Black Roses (The Rasmus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Piece_of_What_You_Need=A Piece of What You Need
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_of_Evil=Legacy of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acid_Tongue=Acid Tongue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_a_Brother=Be a Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1983_(album)=1983 (Flying Lotus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfinished_Business_(Johnny_Crash_album)=Unfinished Business (Johnny Crash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_Beggars_and_Thieves=Among Beggars and Thieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breezin'=Breezin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_in_L.A.=Weekend in L.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringo_Starr_&_His_All_Starr_Band_Live_2006=Ringo Starr & His All Starr Band Live 2006
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_One_(album)=Radio One (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_by_Pride=Murder by Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_(Steve_Hillage_album)=Green (Steve Hillage)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_to_the_World_(Faith_Hill_album)=Joy to the World (Faith Hill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Diva_(Aretha_Franklin_album)=La Diva (Aretha Franklin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Watched_the_Sky=She Watched the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bungled_&_the_Botched=The Bungled & the Botched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_(Tuxedomoon_album)=You (Tuxedomoon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desire_(Tuxedomoon_album)=Desire (Tuxedomoon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Session_(Albert_King_and_Stevie_Ray_Vaughan_album)=In Session (Albert King e Stevie Ray Vaughan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guitar_Gangsters_&_Cadillac_Blood=Guitar Gangsters & Cadillac Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fathomless_Mastery=The Fathomless Mastery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Collins_3=Judy Collins 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonder_Years_(Wonder_Girls_album)=The Wonder Years (Wonder Girls)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godspeed_on_the_Devil's_Thunder=Godspeed on the Devil's Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Midwinter_Night's_Dream=A Midwinter Night's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_San_Francisco_at_the_Palace_of_Fine_Arts=Live in San Francisco at the Palace of Fine Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XYZ_(XYZ_album)=XYZ (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophisticated_Beggar=Sophisticated Beggar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Alliance_(album)=The Last Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Loose_(EP)=On the Loose (Europe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day_as_a_Lion_(EP)=One Day as a Lion (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Science=Dear Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violence_&_Force=Violence & Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Block_(album)=The Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live,_Raw_&_Uncut=Live, Raw & Uncut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Gates_of_Utopia=At the Gates of Utopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History,_Mystery_&_Prophesy=History, Mystery & Prophecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Sensation=Summer Sensation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Damaged=Get Damaged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_for_Good_(album)=Back for Good (Modern Talking)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bad_World=Big Bad World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_One_Here_Gets_Out_Alive_(album)=No One Here Gets Out Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playin'_with_Fire=Playin' with Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demonic_Art=Demonic Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellscope=Mellscope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wires...and_the_Concept_of_Breathing=Wires... and the Concept of Breathing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Complete:_All_Singles=A Complete: All Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canned_Heat_'70_Concert_Live_in_Europe=Canned Heat '70 Concert Live in Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vintage_(Canned_Heat_album)=Vintage (Canned Heat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Minute_of_a_New_Day=The First Minute of a New Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Topanga_Corral=Live at Topanga Corral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shwayze_(album)=Shwayze (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Death_Travel_Box_Set=Love/Death/Travel Box Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendly_Fires_(album)=Friendly Fires (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypnagogic_States=Hypnagogic States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Mania=Pure Mania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Out_Fighting_Ghengis_Smith=Come Out Fighting Ghengis Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stati_di_immaginazione=Stati di immaginazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Everything_(Anita_Baker_album)=My Everything (Anita Baker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Fantasy=Christmas Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_Again_(album)=Love Me Again (album Rita Coolidge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamma_Mia!_The_Movie_Soundtrack=Mamma Mia! The Movie Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Yankovic=The Best of Yankovic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexy_as_Hell=Sexy as Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Without_End_(album)=War Without End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_miedo=Sin miedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diesel_&_Power=Diesel and Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_(Chris_Cornell_album)=Scream (Chris Cornell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_That_Happens_Will_Happen_Today=Everything That Happens Will Happen Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_the_LBC_&_Diamonds_in_the_Rough=Live in the LBC & Diamonds in the Rough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_(Modern_Talking_album)=Victory (Modern Talking)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ich_(album)=Ich (Sido)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_(Don't)_Care=We (Don't) Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolver_(John_Legend_album)=Evolver (John Legend)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Love_(Pat_Benatar_album)=True Love (Pat Benatar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Paris_(U2_album)=Live from Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Hits=Just Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chemistry_of_Common_Life=The Chemistry of Common Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Anita_Baker=Sweet Love: The Very Best of Anita Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_but_the_Best_(album)=Nothing but the Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gathering_Speed=Gathering Speed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_March_(album)=The March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Improvised_Meditations_and_Excursions=Improvised Meditations & Excursions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Banana=Yellow Banana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Symmetry_(Keane_album)=Perfect Symmetry (album Keane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uroboros_(album)=Uroboros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_All_the_Rules_(Peter_Frampton_album)=Breaking All the Rules (Peter Frampton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Di_Di_Di=Di Di Di
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Beautiful,_We_Are_Doomed=We Are Beautiful, We Are Doomed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Come,_Easy_Go_(Marianne_Faithfull_album)=Easy Come, Easy Go (Marianne Faithfull)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hundred_Million_Suns=A Hundred Million Suns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Love_(album)=Book of Love (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_KAT-TUN=Best of KAT-TUN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Touch_the_Light=Don't Touch the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartoon_KAT-TUN_II_You=Cartoon KAT-TUN II You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Good_to_Yourself_at_Least_Once_a_Day=Be Good to Yourself at Least Once a Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Overground=The Ghost Overground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tear_Your_Soul_Apart=Tear Your Soul Apart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konkurs_(album)=Konkurs (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Annie_Lennox_Collection=The Annie Lennox Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Babes_in_Toyland_and_Kat_Bjelland=The Best of Babes in Toyland and Kat Bjelland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Further_Out=Time Further Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KAT-TUN_III:_Queen_of_Pirates=KAT-TUN III: Queen of Pirates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson's_Tree_of_Liberty=Jefferson's Tree of Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowedges=Lowedges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_with_Their_Heads_(album)=Off with Their Heads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Every_Punk_Bitch_and_Arsehole=For Every Punk Bitch and Arsehole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_City=Tales from the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxy_Lady_(Hang_on_the_Box_album)=Foxy Lady (Hang on the Box)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Timing_(McAuley_Schenker_Group_album)=Perfect Timing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Songs_(Hollywood_Undead_album)=Swan Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covers_(James_Taylor_album)=Covers (James Taylor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinx_(Rory_Gallagher_album)=Jinx (Rory Gallagher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defender_(album)=Defender (Rory Gallagher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Love:_The_Very_Best_of_Bob_Marley_&_The_Wailers=One Love: The Very Best of Bob Marley & The Wailers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrooom_Vrooom=VROOOM VROOOM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannibal_Killers_Live=Cannibal Killers Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padded_Room_(album)=Padded Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Influencias=Influencias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Know_(Jessica_Simpson_album)=Do You Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Revisited=Nightmare Revisited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blueprint_3=The Blueprint 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Boom_X_De_Devil_Dead=Time Boom X De Devil Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insurgentes_(album)=Insurgentes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Houston=Mr. Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Bright_Future=Our Bright Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mood_Muzik_3:_The_Album=Mood Muzik 3: The Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appena_prima_di_partire=Appena prima di partire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Forget=Don't Forget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinka_Trinka=Trinka Trinka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Hilary_Duff=Best of Hilary Duff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Animetal=Animetal No Besuto (The Best of Animetal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-Lex=A-Lex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Change!=Color Change!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearless_(Taylor_Swift_album)=Fearless (album Taylor Swift)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Me_the_Night_(album)=Give Me the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sacrilege_of_Fatal_Arms=The Sacrilege of Fatal Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_Mix=The Road Mix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Rush_(1984_album)=Jennifer Rush (album 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Wild_One=Little Wild One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Credo_(Jennifer_Rush_album)=Credo (Jennifer Rush)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santamental=Santamental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephants...Teeth_Sinking_into_Heart=Elephants... Teeth Sinking Into Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_las_cinco_en_el_Astoria=A las cinco en el Astoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_More_(album)=Forever More (Tesla)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues-ette=Blues-ette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ever_Changing_Times=Ever Changing Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Go_(Will_Young_album)=Let It Go (album Will Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_War_Is_Ours=This War Is Ours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catfights_and_Spotlights=Catfights and Spotlights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_(van_Canto_album)=Hero (album Van Canto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_That's_What_It_Takes_(album)=If That's What It Takes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Nowhere_in_Particular=Live from Nowhere in Particular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Judas_Priest=The Best of Judas Priest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decade_in_the_Sun:_Best_of_Stereophonics=Decade in the Sun: The Best of Stereophonics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Up_(EP)=Stand Up (Big Bang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinging_to_a_Scheme=Clinging to a Scheme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigo_Nights=Indigo Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mes_Fantaisies=Mes fantaisies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_(Brandy_album)=Human (Brandy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina!=Tina!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireworks_(Bonfire_album)=Fireworks (Bonfire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Blank_(Bonfire_album)=Point Blank (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knock_Out_(Bonfire_album)=Knock Out (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreaker_(Dionne_Warwick_album)=Heartbreaker (album Dionne Warwick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaside_Rock=Seaside Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_It_Funky=Ain't It Funky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladyhawke_(album)=Ladyhawke (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Cream_Spiritual=Ice Cream Spiritual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutte_storie=Tutte storie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colors_Live=Colors Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_My_Surprise_(album)=To My Surprise (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Honey=Little Honey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuel_to_the_Flames=Fuel to the Flames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socialismo_Tascabile_(Prove_Tecniche_di_Trasmissione)=Socialismo tascabile (Prove tecniche di trasmissione)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/29_Golden_Bullets=29 Golden Bullets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonia_(A_Camp_album)=Colonia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Kept_Secret_(Sheena_Easton_album)=Best Kept Secret (Sheena Easton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Standing_(Monica_album)=Still Standing (Monica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadache=Deadache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intimacy_(Bloc_Party_album)=Intimacy (Bloc Party)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_X_(album)=Double X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparks_of_Ancient_Light=Sparks of Ancient Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Classy,_Not_Classic=It's Classy, Not Classic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1987_Versions=1987 Versions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_(SMV_album)=Thunder (S.M.V.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jack_City_II=New Jack City II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grey_Album=The Grey Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pass_It_Around_(Donavon_Frankenreiter_album)=Pass It Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schizophrenia_(Wayne_Shorter_album)=Schizophrenia (Wayne Shorter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tweaked=Tweaked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Reaction=Common Reaction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Lies_Love=Here Lies Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Era_Cont.=Weird Era Cont.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Thomas,_New_Man=Joe Thomas, New Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funhouse_(Pink_album)=Funhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_After_Tomorrow_(Joan_Baez_album)=Day After Tomorrow (Joan Baez)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riot_Live_(album)=Riot Live (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Love:_Essential_Collection=My Love: Essential Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_&_Rare_(Reagan_Youth_album)=Live & Rare (Reagan Youth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signature_(Joe_album)=Signature (Joe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thundersteel=Thundersteel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enchanted_(soundtrack)=Enchanted (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Diamond:_The_Anthology=Black Diamond: The Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carried_to_Dust=Carried to Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Karma_(Body,_Mind_and_Soul)=Visual Karma (Body, Mind and Soul)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightbreaker=Nightbreaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Palace_2008=Live at the Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_Trip_Home=Safe Trip Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Conversation_of_Kings=Final Conversation of Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominion_VIII=Dominion VIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untitled_Korn_album=Untitled (Korn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loso's_Way=Loso's Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pampered_Menial=Pampered Menial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Divide_(Willie_Nelson_album)=The Great Divide (Willie Nelson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discipline_(Janet_Jackson_album)=Discipline (Janet Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Pop_(album)=King of Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_(Michael_Jackson_album)=Dangerous (album Michael Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thriller_25=Thriller (album Michael Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_Impact=Age of Impact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Hell's_Breaking_Loose_Down_at_Little_Kathy_Wilson's_Place=All Hell's Breaking Loose... Down at Little Kathy Wilson's Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifestyles_of_the_Broke_and_Obscure=Lifestyles of the Broke and Obscure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chase_(Marit_Larsen_album)=The Chase (Marit Larsen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Affectionate_Punch=The Affectionate Punch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourth_Drawer_Down=Fourth Drawer Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_in_Love_(Dionne_Warwick_album)=Friends in Love (Dionne Warwick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Many_Times_Can_We_Say_Goodbye=How Many Times Can We Say Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finder_of_Lost_Loves_(album)=Finder of Lost Loves (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedal_to_the_Metal_(Blessed_by_a_Broken_Heart_album)=Pedal to the Metal (Blessed by a Broken Heart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Gavin_Dance_(album)=Dance Gavin Dance (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judgement_Day_(album)=Judgement Day (Esham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_London_2006=Live from London 2006
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jigoku-Retsuden=Jigoku-Retsuden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powerlight=Powerlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organic_(Joe_Cocker_album)=Organic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Music_Music=Music Music Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncreation=Uncreation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocking_the_Cradle:_Egypt_1978=Rocking the Cradle: Egypt 1978
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prospekt's_March=Prospekt's March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_World_(EP)=Another World (Antony and the Johnsons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crying_Light=The Crying Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attic_Thoughts=Attic Thoughts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird:_The_Complete_Charlie_Parker_on_Verve=Bird: The Complete Charlie Parker on Verve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Nero=The Age of Nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fellini_Days=Fellini Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_(The_Law_album)=The Law (The Law)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_due=In due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icon_(Icon_album)=Icon (Icon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perpetual_Flame=Perpetual Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Short_Stories=My Short Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberta_Flack_&_Donny_Hathaway=Roberta Flack & Donny Hathaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Love=Born to Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_Yourself_(McAuley_Schenker_Group_album)=Save Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Valleys=In Valleys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_at_Last=Gravity at Last
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violation_(album)=Violation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeps_Gettin'_Better:_A_Decade_of_Hits=Keeps Gettin' Better - A Decade of Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_World_Comes_Down=When the World Comes Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_Adam=The Death of Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gathering_(Testament_album)=The Gathering (Testament)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/808s_&_Heartbreak=808s & Heartbreak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bliss_Torn_from_Emptiness=Bliss Torn from Emptiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murs_for_President=Murs for President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_Album_Title=Random Album Title
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touched_(Nadja_album)=Touched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Happy%22_in_Galoshes="Happy" in Galoshes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Edge_of_the_Earth=To the Edge of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evil_Jeanius=The Evil Jeanius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Wire_(album)=Live Wire (Third Day)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Been_Waiting=Been Waiting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Rotation_(Anastacia_album)=Heavy Rotation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertebrae_(album)=Vertebrae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuck_It,_We'll_Do_It_Live=Fuck It, We'll Do It Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_Ballroom=Revolution Ballroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Winter_Symphony=A Winter Symphony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reasons_to_Stay_Indoors=Reasons to Stay Indoors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NunSexMonkRock=NunSexMonkRock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savoy_Songbook_Vol._1=Savoy Songbook Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbehagen=Unbehagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Words_(Tony_Rich_album)=Words (Tony Rich)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shocking_Blue_(album)=Shocking Blue (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Legend_Began=Where Legend Began
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primavera_in_anticipo=Primavera in anticipo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peaceful,_the_World_Lays_Me_Down=Peaceful, the World Lays Me Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Enough_(album)=Good Enough (Ola Svensson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Unplugged=Almost Unplugged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Knew_Jesus_(Before_He_Was_a_Star)=I Knew Jesus (Before He Was a Star)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dichotomy_(album)=Dichotomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_at_Us=Look at Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkness_Darkness=Darkness Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Joe_Cocker_album)=Greatest Hits (Joe Cocker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Ordinary_World=No Ordinary World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Respect_Yourself_(album)=Respect Yourself (Joe Cocker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tone_(Jeff_Ament_album)=Tone (Jeff Ament)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Certifiable:_Live_in_Buenos_Aires=Certifiable: The Police Reunion Live in Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vesyolye_Ulybki=Vesëlye ulybki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Secret_Life_(Eric_Burdon_album)=My Secret Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Times=Simple Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LAX_(album)=LAX (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_Back_Sunday_(album)=Taking Back Sunday (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_Blind_(Limahl_album)=Love Is Blind (Limahl)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Suppose=Don't Suppose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sool_(album)=Sool (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Because_They_Can=Because They Can
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non_ti_scordar_mai_di_me_(EP)=Non ti scordar mai di me (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight:_Franz_Ferdinand=Tonight: Franz Ferdinand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Spineshank=The Best of Spineshank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_Legacy=Eye Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Philosophy=Monster Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cupcakes_Taste_Like_Violence=Cupcakes Taste Like Violence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Present_Wasteland=This Present Wasteland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Again..._No_Matter_What=Back Again... No Matter What
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Point_in_Wasting_Tears=No Point in Wasting Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_Drugs_and_Jesus_Christ=Sex and Drugs and Jesus Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_(Britney_Spears_album)=Circus (album Britney Spears)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_for_You_Baby=Bad for You Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_a_Souvenir=Just a Souvenir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediocre_(album)=Mediocre (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computers_and_Blues=Computers and Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_Love_&_Loss_2=Songs of Love & Loss 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Astaire_Story=The Astaire Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Radar_(Daniel_Powter_album)=Under the Radar (Daniel Powter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeline_(Ayreon_album)=Timeline (Ayreon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collectors'_Items=Collectors' Items
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Game=The New Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mambo_Sinuendo=Mambo Sinuendo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spin_the_Bottle:_An_All-Star_Tribute_to_Kiss=Spin the Bottle: An All-Star Tribute to Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_the_Conqueror=Time the Conqueror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_and_Light_(Wilson_Phillips_album)=Shadows and Light (Wilson Phillips)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_Now_(Leon_Jackson_album)=Right Now (Leon Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe_(Modern_Talking_album)=Universe (Modern Talking)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Road_(videos)=Cross Road: The Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_cose_da_difendere=Le cose da difendere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Love_Pop=Dance Love Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble_Savage_(album)=Noble Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albino_Slug=Albino Slug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinology=Cardinology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_Is_Unknown=The Future Is Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowheart_(album)=Shadowheart (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alesha_Show=The Alesha Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_&_Indestructible=Live & Indestructible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Deep_Breath_(album)=Take a Deep Breath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Brutal=Total Brutal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Hunter_(album)=Ian Hunter (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_American_Alien_Boy=All American Alien Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_for_You,_Truths_for_Me=Songs for You, Truths for Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rentrer_en_Soi_(album)=RENTRER EN SOI (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overnight_Angels=Overnight Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Never_Alone_with_a_Schizophrenic=You're Never Alone with a Schizophrenic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3OH!3_(album)=3OH!3 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzi_Quatro_(album)=Suzi Quatro (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young,_Wild_and_Free=Young, Wild and Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Machine_(album)=Love Machine (Brighton Rock)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cause_and_Effect_(Maria_Mena_album)=Cause and Effect (Maria Mena)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_(Akon_album)=Freedom (Akon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Back_'n'_Sides=Short Back 'n' Sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crack_(album)=Crack (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cactus_V=Cactus V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Bounds_(No_Fun_at_All_album)=Out of Bounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Nek:_L'anno_zero=The Best of Nek - L'anno zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sincero=Sincero (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safari_(Jovanotti_album)=Safari (album Jovanotti)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crunch_(Cry_Wolf_album)=Crunch (Cry Wolf)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpiumRoz=OpiumRoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mayall_Plays_John_Mayall=John Mayall Plays John Mayall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Retaliation=Radio Retaliation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Archuleta_(album)=David Archuleta (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Madman's_Return=The Madman's Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Power=World Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_Tuna=Ninja Tuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Japan_(Rodrigo_y_Gabriela_album)=Live in Japan (Rodrigo y Gabriela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Labyrinth_(Saxon_album)=Into the Labyrinth (Saxon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Horse_(Nickelback_album)=Dark Horse (Nickelback)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Majesty_the_Decemberists=Her Majesty the Decemberists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_the_Truth_(Otis_Redding_album)=Tell the Truth (Otis Redding)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glen_Campbell_Goodtime_Album=The Glen Campbell Goodtime Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_Back_to_Yesterday=Looking Back to Yesterday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_(Matisyahu_album)=Light (Matisyahu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Old_Sun=Lucky Old Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercy_Falls=Mercy Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Not_for_You_(album)=If Not for You (Olivia Newton-John)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe's_Menage=Joe's Menage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezkaton=Ezkaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cautivo=Cautivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Suffocation=The Best of Suffocation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_(In_This_Moment_album)=The Dream (In This Moment)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_(Circle_album)=Empire (Circle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Sew=Sea Sew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Zapp_IV_U=The New Zapp IV U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Rituals=Death Rituals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Control_(Girls_Aloud_album)=Out of Control (Girls Aloud)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Very_Best=My Very Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Past,_Present,_Future_(Tiki_Taane_album)=Past, Present, Future (Tiki Taane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tug_of_War_(Carly_Rae_Jepsen_album)=Tug of War (album Carly Rae Jepsen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_About_Me_(Anne_Murray_album)=What About Me (album Anne Murray)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_It_Over_in_the_Morning=Talk It Over in the Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/98_Degrees_(album)=98 Degrees (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collection_(98_Degrees_album)=The Collection (98 Degrees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_(The_Connells_album)=Ring (The Connells)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeways_(EP)=Freeways (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_parte_di_me_(Nek_album)=Una parte di me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabbie's_Love=L'amore di Nabbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfway_House_(album)=Halfway House (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_On_(Samson_album)=Head On (Samson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zapp_VI:_Back_by_Popular_Demand=Zapp VI: Back by Popular Demand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Electric_Night=Night Electric Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble_Beast=Noble Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_(Seal_album)=Soul (Seal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esperanza_(Esperanza_Spalding_album)=Esperanza (Esperanza Spalding)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Purple_in_Rock=Deep Purple in Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nella_stanza_26=Nella stanza 26
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Tree_(N.W.A_album)=Family Tree (N.W.A)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigo:_Women_of_Song=Indigo: Women of Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Hits_(Paulina_Rubio_album)=Top Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulina_Remixes=Paulina Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaetana=Gaetana (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Arguments=Electric Arguments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles!_Miles!_Miles!=Miles! Miles! Miles!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gil_Evans_&_Ten=Gil Evans & Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_You=Cover You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrants_of_the_Rising_Sun=Tyrants of the Rising Sun - Live in Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_Just_Wanna_Have_Fun_&_Bohemian_Rhapsody=Girls Just Wanna Have Fun/Bohemian Rhapsody EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X&Y=X&Y
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Will_Never_Die=Rock Will Never Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animals_(This_Town_Needs_Guns_album)=Animals (This Town Needs Guns)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparkle_in_the_Rain=Sparkle in the Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severgreen=Severgreen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yardbirds_Greatest_Hits=The Yardbirds Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_in_Love=Stay in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pogled_ispod_obrva=Pogled ispod obrva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Earth,_Wind_&_Fire,_Vol._1=The Best of Earth, Wind & Fire, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hordes_of_Chaos_(album)=Hordes of Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/17_(Ricky_Martin_album)=17 (Ricky Martin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_a_Lil'_Somethin'=Shake a Lil' Somethin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_One=The Real One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Crasher=Party Crasher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merriweather_Post_Pavilion_(album)=Merriweather Post Pavilion (Animal Collective)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringworm_Interiors=Ringworm Interiors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Definitive_Collection_(Alan_Parsons_album)=The Definitive Collection (Alan Parsons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_(album)=Color (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Craig_David_album)=Greatest Hits (Craig David)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am..._Sasha_Fierce=I Am... Sasha Fierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Off_Your_Colours=Take Off Your Colours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extra,_Vol._3=Extra, Vol. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extra,_Vol._2=Extra, Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Enrique_Iglesias_album)=Greatest Hits (Enrique Iglesias)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Hearts=Young Hearts: Complete Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Don't_Make_Me_a_Bad_Guy=That Don't Make Me a Bad Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_and_Response:_The_Remix_Album=Call and Response: The Remix Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So,_Who's_Paranoid%3F=So, Who's Paranoid?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_Up_the_Concrete=Break Up the Concrete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Blood_(Blood,_Sweat_&_Tears_album)=New Blood (Blood, Sweat & Tears)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Sweat_(Blood,_Sweat_&_Tears_album)=No Sweat (Blood, Sweat & Tears)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slipway_Fires=Slipway Fires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_voce_del_Padrone=La voce del padrone (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amaia_Montero_(album)=Amaia Montero (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Metal_Payback=Heavy Metal Payback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Front_(Gilbert_O'Sullivan_album)=Back to Front (Gilbert O'Sullivan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Chapter=The Dark Chapter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaid_(album)=Plaid (Blues Saraceno)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounds_of_the_Season:_The_Julianne_Hough_Holiday_Collection=Sounds of the Season: The Julianne Hough Holiday Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circus_(Take_That_album)=The Circus (Take That)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Kotzen_(album)=Richie Kotzen (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Joy=Electric Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever_Dream_(Richie_Kotzen_album)=Fever Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_and_Gratitude=Grace and Gratitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Celebration_in_Song=A Celebration in Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ego_Trip_(Kurtis_Blow_album)=Ego Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cook_(album)=David Cook (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Revolution:_Live_at_Milton_Keynes=Road to Revolution: Live at Milton Keynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plastic_Fang=Plastic Fang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Evening_with_Belafonte/Makeba=An Evening with Belafonte/Makeba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwingungen=Schwingungen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Original_Monster_Mash=The Original Monster Mash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Richard_(album)=Little Richard (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Empyrean=The Empyrean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Dancing_(album)=Shadow Dancing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troubadour_(K'naan_album)=Troubadour (K'naan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Christmas,_Aretha=This Christmas, Aretha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ball_Street_Journal=The Ball Street Journal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fornever=For(N)ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_in_a_Blue_Moon=Twice in a Blue Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Thrones_and_Black_Flags=Dark Thrones and Black Flags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_of_Angel_Town=East of Angel Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(sic)nesses=(sic)nesses - Live at Download
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballads_(Mariah_Carey_album)=The Ballads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shontelligence=Shontelligence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_of_Solace_(soundtrack)=Quantum of Solace (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_or_Glory_(album)=Death or Glory (Running Wild)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Startin'_Fires=Startin' Fires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rare_&_Unreleased_Recordings_from_the_Golden_Reign_of_the_Queen_of_Soul=Rare & Unreleased Recordings from the Golden Reign of the Queen of Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible_(Edyta_album)=Invisible (Edyta Górniak)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transistor_Revolt=Transistor Revolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame,_Fortune_and_Fornication=Fame, Fortune and Fornication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_1_(Big_Bang_album)=Number 1 (Big Bang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_It_Simple_(Keb'_Mo'_album)=Keep It Simple (Keb' Mo')
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World's_Greatest_Entertainer=The World's Greatest Entertainer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_OK_(album)=Be Ok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toutes_les_femmes_en_moi=Toutes les femmes en moi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_of_Daylight=Shock of Daylight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banzai!_(album)=Banzai! (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnen:_A_Journey_Through_the_Dark=Agnen: A Journey Through the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_(Doug_E._Fresh_album)=Play (Doug E. Fresh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jah_Is_Real=Jah Is Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alotus=Alotus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Parc_des_Princes_Paris=Live Parc des Princes Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Snowflake_Fell_(and_It_Felt_Like_a_Kiss)=A Snowflake Fell (And It Felt Like a Kiss)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Now=Back to Now (Labelle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chameleon_(Labelle_album)=Chameleon (Labelle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_(Labelle_album)=Phoenix (Labelle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pressure_Cookin'=Pressure Cookin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Shadow_(album)=Moon Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondi_lontanissimi=Mondi lontanissimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milk_Cow_Blues=Milkcow Blues Boogie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sneakin'_Suspicion=Sneakin' Suspicion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Lights=Chasing Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Moon_Rising_(album)=Bad Moon Rising (Sonic Youth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blast_from_the_Past_(album)=Blast from the Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Forward_(Spyro_Gyra_album)=Fast Forward (Spyro Gyra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Remember_When_I_Was_Pretty=I Remember When I Was Pretty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_City_(Kevin_Rudolf_album)=In the City (Kevin Rudolf)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reach_(Eyes_Set_to_Kill_album)=Reach (album Eyes Set to Kill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crack_the_Skye=Crack the Skye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fame=The Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three-Sided_Coin=Three Sided Coin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_Universal_Fashion=Cosmic Universal Fashion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aggro_Ansage_Nr._4=Aggro Ansage Nr. 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoroughbred_(album)=Thoroughbred (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_2Pac=Best of 2Pac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Icelandic_Odyssey=Red for Fire: An Icelandic Odyssey Part I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Apollo=At the Apollo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_(Mika_Nakashima_album)=Voice (Mika Nakashima)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Fatigue_(album)=Metal Fatigue (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Village_Vanguard_(Michel_Petrucciani_album)=Live at the Village Vanguard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Led_Zeppelin=Early Days: The Best of Led Zeppelin Volume One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Is_My_Only_Friend=Death Is My Only Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Things_(Carole_King_album)=Simple Things (Carole King)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Is_an_Astronaut_(album)=God Is an Astronaut (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Overdose_of_Death...=An Overdose of Death...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maschi_e_Altri=Maschi e altri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Hollow_Horse=Diary of a Hollow Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raisin'_Cain=Raisin' Cain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guitar_Slinger_(Johnny_Winter_album)=Guitar Slinger (Johnny Winter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Foundation_(Zac_Brown_Band_album)=The Foundation (Zac Brown Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindy_McCready_(album)=Mindy McCready (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_(Big_Bang_album)=Remember (Big Bang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weller_at_the_BBC=Weller at the BBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Le_Cabaret=Live from Le Cabaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrath_(Lamb_of_God_album)=Wrath (Lamb of God)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Go_(album)=Just Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evisceration_Plague=Evisceration Plague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amigo_(David_Ball_album)=Amigo (David Ball)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warped_by_Success=Warped by Success
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invaders_Must_Die=Invaders Must Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incanto=Incanto (Andrea Bocelli)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Rogers_(album)=Kenny Rogers (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lights_(EP)=Lights (Lights)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinco_Diablo=Cinco Diablo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Again=New Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_for_a_Tailor=Songs for a Tailor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopes_and_Fears=Hopes and Fears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dispetto=Dispetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U2_Live_at_Red_Rocks:_Under_a_Blood_Red_Sky=Live at Red Rocks: Under a Blood Red Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Different_Me=A Different Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negative_Theater=Negative Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Soldier_(album)=American Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Riot!=The Final Riot!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Version_7.0:_The_Street_Scriptures=Version 7.0: The Street Scriptures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Mare_Calmo_della_Sera=Il mare calmo della sera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_BBC_Sessions_(Belle_and_Sebastian_album)=The BBC Sessions (Belle and Sebastian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ich_und_meine_Maske=Ich und meine Maske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_(September_album)=Gold (September)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Dymphna_(album)=Saint Dymphna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Brothers_Band_(album)=The Naked Brothers Band (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punishing_Kiss=Punishing Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_&_Fleet_&_Candlelight=Fire & Fleet & Candlelight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotional_Remains=Emotional Remains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundown_(Richard_Marx_album)=Sundown (Richard Marx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Bits:_B-Sides_&_Rarities=The Greatest Bits: B-Sides & Rarities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Coming_(Kiss_video)=The Second Coming (Kiss)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Instruments=No Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surimi_(album)=Surimi (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyday_Demons=Everyday Demons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surf_Bungaku_Kamakura=Surf Bungaku Kamakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slave_of_Kiss=Slave of Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_(High_and_Mighty_Color_album)=Beeeeeest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_How_We_Danced=Oh How We Danced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Will_Turn_You_Around=Love Will Turn You Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We've_Got_Tonight_(Kenny_Rogers_album)=We've Got Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_the_Matter_(Kenny_Rogers_album)=The Heart of the Matter (Kenny Rogers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pray_IV_Reign=Pray IV Reign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalia_Oreiro_(album)=Natalia Oreiro (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shocker_(album)=The Shocker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charge_It_2_da_Game=Charge It 2 da Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Without_a_Fight=Not Without a Fight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Spirit_Rising=Ancient Spirit Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphire_Croid=Sphire-Croid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boombox_(Kylie_Minogue_album)=Boombox (Kylie Minogue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_the_UK_(House_of_Lords_album)=Live in the UK (House of Lords)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fray_(album)=The Fray (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor_(Eric_Burdon_album)=Survivor (Eric Burdon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanta_Sing=I Wanta Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steal_Hear=Steal Hear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Used_to_Wanna_Be_a_Ballerina=She Used to Wanna Be a Ballerina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonshot_(album)=Moonshot (Buffy Sainte-Marie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_Time_(album)=Hold Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_World_Orphans=New World Orphans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Talbot's_Christmas_Album=Connie Talbot's Christmas Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Used_to_Be_an_Animal=I Used to Be an Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepping_Out:_The_Very_Best_of_Joe_Jackson=Stepping Out: The Very Best of Joe Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_Came_Jones_(album)=Along Came Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cross_the_Universe_(album)=A Cross the Universe (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Prefer_the_Moonlight=I Prefer the Moonlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_on_a_Dream=Working on a Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ECW:_Extreme_Music=ECW Extreme Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiet_Places=Quiet Places
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Existence=Common Existence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Mean_Business_(album)=We Mean Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Swingin'_Christmas_(Featuring_The_Count_Basie_Big_Band)=A Swingin' Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Wayz=100 Wayz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Inside_So_Strong=Something Inside So Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Years_Are_Gone=Ten Years Are Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Home_Again_(Kenny_Rogers_album)=Back Home Again (Kenny Rogers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intuition_(Jamie_Foxx_album)=Intuition (Jamie Foxx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Light_Fever_(Hot_Leg_album)=Red Light Fever (Hot Leg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_Blues_Fusion_(album)=Jazz Blues Fusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Lies_I_Sire=For Lies I Sire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Joe_album)=Greatest Hits (Joe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timepiece_(album)=Timepiece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_(Kenny_Rogers_album)=The Gift (Kenny Rogers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Sacrifice,_No_Victory=No Sacrifice, No Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Matrix_1967=Live at The Matrix 1967
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Diary_(FM_Static_album)=Dear Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Winter's_White_Trash_(album)=Edgar Winter's White Trash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Promise_(Il_Divo_album)=The Promise (Il Divo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viaggio_Italiano=Viaggio italiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Mali=Welcome to Mali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Rain=April Rain (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_of_Souls_(album)=Journey of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven's_Gate_(album)=Heaven's Gate (Keldian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Nearly_Famous=I'm Nearly Famous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Lose_My_Life...=To Lose My Life...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilt_(album)=Guilt (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rethroned=Rethroned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_(Queen_album)=The Game (Queen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyager_(Manilla_Road_album)=Voyager (Manilla Road)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughing_on_Judgement_Day=Laughing on Judgement Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangsta_Grillz:_The_Album_(Vol._2)=Gangsta Grillz: The Album (Vol. 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Issue_(EP)=Hot Issue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emeritus_(album)=Emeritus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Brutal_Christmas=A Very Brutal Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agents_of_Anarchy=Agents of Anarchy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Pendergrass_(album)=Teddy Pendergrass (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vandalize_(album)=Vandalize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_Concerts:_Bremen/Lausanne=Solo Concerts: Bremen/Lausanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiend_Club_Lounge=Misfits Meet the Nutley Brass - Fiend Club Lounge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Waits_for_No_Slave=Time Waits for No Slave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_Burn_(album)=Burn Burn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashback_(Darin_album)=Flashback (Darin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_of_a_Ghost=Life of a Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Rhino=Lone Rhino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byablue=Byablue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Discount=Super Discount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shades_(Keith_Jarrett_album)=Shades (Keith Jarrett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonely_Road_(The_Red_Jumpsuit_Apparatus_album)=Lonely Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acoustically_Driven=Acoustically Driven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_Sun_Pleasure!!=Sound Sun Pleasure!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Ra_and_his_Solar_Arkestra_Visits_Planet_Earth=Sun Ra and his Solar Arkestra Visits Planet Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_Before=Somewhere Before
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Cyclone=Middle Cyclone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birth_(Keith_Jarrett_album)=Birth (Keith Jarrett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Juicio_(The_Judgement)=El Juicio (The Judgement)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruta_and_Daitya=Ruta and Daitya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radiance_(album)=Radiance (Keith Jarrett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Intervals=Dark Intervals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_Navigator=Phantom Navigator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_Ryder=Joy Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footprints_Live!=Footprints Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retrospective_EPs=Retrospective EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oooh_La_La!_(Crash_Test_Dummies_album)=Oooh La La!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Bank_(EP)=Blood Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Tattoo_(Rose_Tattoo_album)=Rose Tattoo (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_or_Never_(Nick_Carter_album)=Now or Never (Nick Carter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assault_&_Battery_(Rose_Tattoo_album)=Assault & Battery (Rose Tattoo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarred_for_Life_(Rose_Tattoo_album)=Scarred for Life (Rose Tattoo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poppin'_(album)=Poppin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_No_Filter=Straight No Filter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meaning_of_Love_(album)=The Meaning of Love (album Michelle McManus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollow_Crown=Hollow Crown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seer_(EP)=The Seer (Tarja Turunen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Front_by_Front=Front by Front
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Fuse=Fast Fuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Killer=Virgin Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darling_(EP)=Darling (Kylie Minogue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Eyed_Bruiser=Black-Eyed Bruiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jigsaw_(Lady_Sovereign_album)=Jigsaw (Lady Sovereign)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollercoaster_(EP)=Rollercoaster (The Jesus and Mary Chain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cult_of_Static=Cult of Static
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISouljaBoyTellem=ISouljaBoyTellem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aretha:_With_The_Ray_Bryant_Combo=Aretha (album 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_All_the_Hurt_Away=Love All the Hurt Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_World_Tour_Live..._Berlin_1991=Crazy World Tour Live... Berlin 1991
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Morgan_Indeed!=Indeed!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cooker=The Cooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_(Lee_Morgan_album)=Candy (Lee Morgan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Procrastinator=The Procrastinator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elevation_(Anggun_album)=Elevation (Anggun)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_to_the_Machine=Goodbye to the Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_a_Man_Walked_By=A Woman a Man Walked By
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Hong_Kong_(And_in_Various_Other_Places)=Made in Hong Kong (And in Various Other Places)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_I_(Queensberry_album)=Volume I (Queensberry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5to_Piso=5to piso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taru_(album)=Taru (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sixth_Sense_(Lee_Morgan_album)=The Sixth Sense (Lee Morgan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Boom_(Lee_Morgan_album)=Sonic Boom (Lee Morgan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rajah_(album)=The Rajah (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charisma_(album)=Charisma (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GhostDeini_the_Great=GhostDeini the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palepoli=Palepoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shinee_World=The Shinee World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Past_Masters=Past Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shallow_Life=Shallow Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Hilang=Yang Hilang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouest_Side=Ouest Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_Me!=Touch Me!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rumproller=The Rumproller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introducing_Lee_Morgan=Introducing Lee Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Life_(Mai_Kuraki_album)=One Life (Mai Kuraki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacchanal_(album)=Bacchanal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_(album)=Hank (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Troublemaker_(album)=The Troublemaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prodigal_Son_(Nektar_album)=The Prodigal Son (Nektar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Forever_Shines=Love Forever Shines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believe_in_Me_(Regina_Belle_album)=Believe in Me (Regina Belle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_with_Weezer=Christmas with Weezer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Room_for_Squares=No Room for Squares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Love_(album)=Lady Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Above_(Samael_album)=Above (Samael)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Control=The Art of Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premonition_(Peter_Frampton_album)=Premonition (Peter Frampton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_All_the_Pieces_Fit=When All the Pieces Fit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Caddy_for_Daddy=A Caddy for Daddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Slice_of_the_Top=A Slice of the Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi_Voltage=Hi Voltage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Season_(album)=Third Season (Hank Mobley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Big_Rush:_The_Genius_of_Joe_Satriani=One Big Rush: The Genius of Joe Satriani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remixploitation=Remixploitation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lova_Lova=Lova Lova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Away_Lands=Far Away Lands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinking_of_Home=Thinking of Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirvana_bootleg_recordings=Bootleg dei Nirvana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakthrough!_(album)=Breakthrought!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughing_on_the_Outside=Laughing on the Outside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astral_Weeks_Live_at_the_Hollywood_Bowl=Astral Weeks Live at the Hollywood Bowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Which_Bitch%3F=Which Bitch?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hazards_of_Love=The Hazards of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seasons_(Bing_Crosby_album)=Seasons (Bing Crosby)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/99_Songs_of_Revolution:_Vol._1=99 Songs of Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Live_in_Chicago=...Live in Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Century_of_Self=The Century of Self
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Your_Head_Festival_2005=Bang Your Head Festival 2005
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Paper=Pretty Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nubians_of_Plutonia=The Nubians of Plutonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena_(Todd_Rundgren_album)=Arena (Todd Rundgren)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Willie_Way=The Willie Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterday's_Wine=Yesterday's Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Nelson_and_Family=Willie Nelson and Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Bruce_Springsteen_&_The_E_Street_Band_album)=Greatest Hits (Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammer_Battalion=Hammer Battalion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Own_Peculiar_Way=My Own Peculiar Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_in_My_Soul=Texas in My Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tear_Down_These_Walls=Tear Down These Walls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bells_of_Dublin=The Bells of Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Lord,_One_Faith,_One_Baptism=One Lord, One Faith, One Baptism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infection=The Infection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survival_of_the_Fittest_Live=Survival of the Fittest: Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electrifying_Aretha_Franklin=The Electrifying Aretha Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocence_&_Instinct=Innocence & Instinct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Favorites-Willie_Nelson_Style=Country Favorites-Willie Nelson Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cher's_Golden_Greats=Cher's Golden Greats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Kill_Kill=Kill Kill Kill (Anti-Flag)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_&_Paul=Me & Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Promiseland=The Promiseland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Wonderful_World_(Willie_Nelson_album)=What a Wonderful World (Willie Nelson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_We_Are_All_Demons=Today We Are All Demons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_(XYZ_album)=Hungry (XYZ)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healing_Hands_of_Time=Healing Hands of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_One_Love=Just One Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Great_Thou_Art_(Willie_Nelson_album)=How Great Thou Art (Willie Nelson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_and_Day_(Willie_Nelson_album)=Night and Day (Willie Nelson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trendsetter_(album)=Trendsetter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Connection_(album)=Rainbow Connection (Willie Nelson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nacogdoches_(album)=Nacogdoches (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Let_the_Bastards_Wear_You_Down=Never Let the Bastards Wear You Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divided_by_Night=Divided by Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hymn_to_the_Immortal_Wind=Hymn to the Immortal Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whisper_House=Whisper House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Days_(And_Summer_Nights!!)=Summer Days (And Summer Nights!!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_(Pet_Shop_Boys_album)=Yes (Pet Shop Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Ever_Wanted_(album)=All I Ever Wanted (album Kelly Clarkson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Album_(Caravan_album)=The Album (Caravan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowflakes_Are_Dancing=Snowflakes Are Dancing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Imaginary_Country=An Imaginary Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Caesar_(album)=Black Caesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_(Alcazar_album)=Casino (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bare_Bones_(Madeleine_Peyroux_album)=Bare Bones (Madeleine Peyroux)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notorious_(soundtrack)=Notorious (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancefloor_Deluxe=Dancefloor Deluxe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Those_About_to_Rock_We_Salute_You=For Those About to Rock We Salute You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballbreaker=Ballbreaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mall_(album)=Mall (Gang of Four)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Amadeus_Phoenix=Wolfgang Amadeus Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Earth_Tour=Mother Earth Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Artistry_of_Freddie_Hubbard=The Artistry of Freddie Hubbard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_B._Sebastian_(album)=John B. Sebastian (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oops!..._I_Did_It_Again_(album)=Oops!... I Did It Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un'altra_direzione=Un'altra direzione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leucocyte_(album)=Leucocyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Genius_After_Hours=The Genius After Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Lines_(Jason_Donovan_album)=Between the Lines (Jason Donovan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homesick_(A_Day_to_Remember_album)=Homesick (A Day to Remember)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Young_Hearts=Wild Young Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_8=Focus 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_End_of_Low=The High End of Low
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_(Eloy_album)=Dawn (Eloy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Brothers=Soul Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Meeting=Soul Meeting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milorg_(album)=Milorg (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hairpick=Hairpick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis_(Wayne_Shorter_album)=Atlantis (Wayne Shorter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight,_No_Chaser_(Thelonious_Monk_album)=Straight, No Chaser (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Me_Fire!=Give Me Fire!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brief_Encounters=Brief Encounters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_of_Beer=Kings of Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_People_(Joe_Zawinul_album)=My People (Joe Zawinul)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Clark_Trio=Sonny Clark Trio (1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anomaly_(Ace_Frehley_album)=Anomaly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_than_Alot=More Than Alot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_We_Can_See=Now We Can See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_Aquarius_(album)=Age of Aquarius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absu_(album)=Absu (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planetary_Duality=Planetary Duality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warning_Shots=Warning Shots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supporting_Caste=Supporting Caste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Suns=Two Suns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_Message_No._2=The Jazz Message of Hank Mobley №2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Wars_(album)=Radio Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_I'm_For=What I'm For
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounds_of_the_Universe=Sounds of the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Hubbard/Stanley_Turrentine_in_Concert_Volume_One=Freddie Hubbard/Stanley Turrentine in Concert Volume One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_DeBarges=The DeBarges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Concert_Volume_Two_(Freddie_Hubbard_&_Stanley_Turrentine_album)=In Concert Volume Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Light_of_the_Northern_Star=By the Light of the Northern Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_the_Voyager=The Year of the Voyager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace/Wastelands=Grace/Wastelands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simply_Red_25:_The_Greatest_Hits=Simply Red 25: The Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provision_(album)=Provision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.O.O.T.S.=R.O.O.T.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainism=Rainism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_the_One=This Is the One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelations_of_the_Black_Flame=Revelations of the Black Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swoon_(Silversun_Pickups_album)=Swoon (Silversun Pickups)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negro_Necro_Nekros=Negro Necro Nekros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Open_Sea=Across the Open Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_(Unleashed_album)=Victory (Unleashed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior_(Unleashed_album)=Warrior (Unleashed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Unleashed=Hell's Unleashed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sworn_Allegiance=Sworn Allegiance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_frei_(album)=Ring Frei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deeper_Than_Rap=Deeper Than Rap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judgment_Night_(soundtrack)=Judgment Night: Music from the Motion Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boss_of_All_Bosses=Boss of All Bosses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ki_(Devin_Townsend_Project_album)=Ki (Devin Townsend Project)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season_of_Poison=Season of Poison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_Monk=Solo Monk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainstream_Outlawz=Mainstream Outlawz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_Hate_and_Then_There's_You=Love, Hate and Then There's You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attics_to_Eden=Attics to Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chu-Bura=Chu-Bura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Came_to_Play!=We Came to Play!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintessence_(Bill_Evans_album)=Quintessence (Bill Evans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slumdog_Millionaire:_Music_from_the_Motion_Picture=Slumdog Millionaire - Music from the Motion Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Only_Imagined=Once Only Imagined
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Are_What_You_Is=You Are What You Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wavering_Radiant=Wavering Radiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebirth_(Lil_Wayne_album)=Rebirth (Lil Wayne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_On_Tight_(album)=Hold On Tight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defying_Gravity_(Keith_Urban_album)=Defying Gravity (Keith Urban)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lullabies_for_the_Dormant_Mind=Lullabies for the Dormant Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Thing=Living Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_Sex=The Power of Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop!_Remixed=Pop! Remixed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altitude_(Autumn_album)=Altitude (Autumn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loudest_Common_Denominator=Loudest Common Denominator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leapin'_and_Lopin'=Leapin' and Lopin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Litanies_of_Satan=The Litanies of Satan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebel_(John_Miles_album)=Rebel (John Miles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Also_the_Trees_(album)=And Also the Trees (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Windows_of_the_World=The Windows of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_&_USA=Best & USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BoA_(album)=BoA (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.N.A._(Mario_album)=D.N.A. (Mario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Rust=Kingdom of Rust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Shipwreck_in_the_Sand=A Shipwreck in the Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_of_Light_(album)=Speed of Light (Corbin Bleu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Days/Light_Years=Dark Days/Light Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Look_Back_(Blues_Saraceno_album)=Never Look Back (Blues Saraceno)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Freak=Beautiful Freak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasies_(album)=Fantasies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_(Martina_McBride_album)=Shine (Martina McBride)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Musica_Che_Pesta=Lento Violento Man - La musica che pesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Guns_Are_Not_Just_the_Future=Ray Guns Are Not Just the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Vaults=Time Vaults
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimesis_(album)=Mimesis (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Voltage_(1976_album)=High Voltage (album AC/DC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epiphany_(Chrisette_Michele_album)=Epiphany (Chrisette Michele)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Frampton_(album)=Peter Frampton (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Human_(album)=Be Human (Fightstar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Far_Gone_(mixtape)=So Far Gone (mixtape Drake)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexus-2060=Nexus-2060
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_of_the_World:_Welcome_to_the_Show=Truth of the World: Welcome to the Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_(album)=Gabriel (Believer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Regrets_(Dope_album)=No Regrets (Dope)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsyhook=Gypsyhook EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larger_Than_Live=Larger than Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Wakeman's_Criminal_Record=Rick Wakeman's Criminal Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uplifter=Uplifter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_with_Me_(album)=Play with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Montana:_The_Movie_(soundtrack)=Hannah Montana: The Movie (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_Crazy!_It's_All_False!_It's_All_a_Dream!_It's_Alright=It's All Crazy! It's All False! It's All a Dream! It's Alright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Like_This=Born Like This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karkelo=Karkelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Say_Never_(Alias_album)=Never Say Never (Alias)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loony_on_the_Bus=Loony on the Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Time_(New_York_Gong_album)=About Time (New York Gong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Fungi_and_Foe=Of Fungi and Foe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_World=For the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_U_(EP)=With U (Big Bang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conclusion_of_an_Age=Conclusion of an Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Days_(album)=Three Days (album Pat Green)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Pays_(Cam'ron_album)=Crime Pays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_NYC_'97=Live in NYC '97
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instant_Karma:_All-Time_Greatest_Hits=Instant Karma: All-Time Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Earth=Across the Earth: Tear Down the Walls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.T._the_Extra-Terrestrial_(album)=E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_for_My_Mother=Songs for My Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21st_Century_Breakdown=21st Century Breakdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faces_of_Death_(album)=Faces of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternity_(Michael_Learns_to_Rock_album)=Eternity (Michael Learns to Rock)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Love_of_Ray_J_(album)=For the Love of Ray J
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_It_Hid=Keep It Hid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veckatimest=Veckatimest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Ball_(box_set)=Crystal Ball (Prince)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_You_Know_(Heaven_&_Hell_album)=The Devil You Know (Heaven & Hell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwyet_Kinks=Kwyet Kinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Wishes_(Spyro_Gyra_album)=Three Wishes (Spyro Gyra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malice_n_Wonderland=Malice n Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Paper_Heart_(album)=My Paper Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_in_Black:_The_Album=Men in Black: The Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobo_(Charlie_Winston_album)=Hobo (Charlie Winston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missa_Mercuria=Missa Mercuria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banana_Moon=Banana Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eternal_(album)=The Eternal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaves_of_the_World=Slaves of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Blitz!=It's Blitz!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Britain=Grey Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bondage_(album)=Bondage (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Level_(Ayumi_Hamasaki_album)=Next Level
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_the_Rubicon_(The_Sounds_album)=Crossing the Rubicon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Tennessee=Back to Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Leigh=Amanda Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Roots_Above_and_Branches_Below=With Roots Above and Branches Below
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Show:_Live_at_Delta_88=Soul Show: Live at Delta 88
http://dbpedia.org/resource/99th_Dream=99th Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stiff_Upper_Lip_Live=Stiff Upper Lip Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_the_Moon:_The_End_of_Day=Man on the Moon: The End of Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Your_Love_Out=Let Your Love Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slam_(Joe_Lynn_Turner_album)=Slam (Joe Lynn Turner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_the_World=Touch the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Jazz_Workshop=Live at the Jazz Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Afternoons=German Afternoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_in_Town=The Best in Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_War=This Is War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journal_for_Plague_Lovers=Journal for Plague Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_of_Apollo=The Spirit of Apollo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ungod=Ungod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Fall_Back_to_Earth=The Long Fall Back to Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bromst=Bromst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cain's_Way_(album)=Cain's Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abnormally_Attracted_to_Sin=Abnormally Attracted to Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Train_to_Paris=Last Train to Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monoliths_&_Dimensions=Monoliths & Dimensions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Files=Hidden Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Name_of_Love_(Earth,_Wind_&_Fire_album)=In the Name of Love (Earth, Wind & Fire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_the_People_(The_Enemy_album)=Music for the People (The Enemy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inception_(McCoy_Tyner_album)=Inception (McCoy Tyner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaching_Fourth=Reaching Fourth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nights_of_Ballads_&_Blues=Nights of Ballads & Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Distance_(Taylor_Hicks_album)=The Distance (Taylor Hicks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_and_Tomorrow_(album)=Today and Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Takes_Off=Lou Takes Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_Well=Around the Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Feel_Cream=I Feel Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Newport_(McCoy_Tyner_album)=Live at Newport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCoy_Tyner_Plays_Ellington=McCoy Tyner Plays Ellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graffiti_Soul=Graffiti Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tender_Moments=Tender Moments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_for_Tyner=Time for Tyner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Good_Shit=8 Years of Blood, Sake and Tears: The Best of Sum 41 2000-2008
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slang_Prostitution=Slang Prostitution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leak=The Leak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Welcome_Addiction=Kingdom of Welcome Addiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reformation_1=Reformation 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UGK_4_Life=UGK 4 Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jealous_Ones_Still_Envy_2_(J.O.S.E._2)=Jealous Ones Still Envy 2 (J.O.S.E. 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amoeba's_Secret=Amoeba's Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extensions_(McCoy_Tyner_album)=Extensions (McCoy Tyner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addicted_(Devin_Townsend_Project_album)=Addicted (Devin Townsend Project)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Memories=Future Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_(RuPaul_album)=Champion (RuPaul)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_Time_(album)=Twilight Time (Stratovarius)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sick_(Loaded_album)=Sick (Loaded)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coaster_(album)=Coaster (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Terrapin:_Hartford_'77=To Terrapin: Hartford '77
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_Will_Find_a_Way=Joy Will Find a Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Twist_of_Fate=A Twist of Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colour_Me_Free!=Colour Me Free!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redeemer_(D'espairsRay_album)=Redeemer (D'espairsRay)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bible_of_the_Beast=Bible of the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_Step/De_Ole_Folks_at_Home=Giant Step/De Ole Folks at Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Priests_(album)=The Priests (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betcha_Bottom_Dollar=Betcha Bottom Dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_and_Fall_of_Ruby_Woo=The Rise and Fall of Ruby Woo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Whiskey_&_the_GrooGrux_King=Big Whiskey and the GrooGrux King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Ram_Jam=The Very Best of Ram Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Love=Crash Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medium,_Rare_&_Remastered=Medium, Rare & Remastered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Talent_III=Billy Talent III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twins_(Ornette_Coleman_album)=Twins (Ornette Coleman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_(album)=Sabrina (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Lace_&_Black_Leather=White Lace & Black Leather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_Is_Back=The Beast Is Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Dreads=Common Dreads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_White_(Tony_Joe_White_album)=Black and White (Tony Joe White)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_(Earth,_Wind_&_Fire_album)=Millennium (Earth, Wind & Fire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disco_Defenders=Disco Defenders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Lucky_(Chris_Isaak_album)=Mr. Lucky (Chris Isaak)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_Shelter_(album)=Gimme Shelter (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Long_as_I_Love=As Long as I Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Outside_(Eyes_Set_to_Kill_album)=The World Outside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adios..._Puta_Madres=Adios... Puta Madres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaos_Is_Me=Chaos Is Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiet_Nights_(Diana_Krall_album)=Quiet Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicken_the_Heart=Quicken the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'era_del_cinghiale_bianco=L'era del cinghiale bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Ready_(Rare_Earth_album)=Get Ready (Rare Earth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorry_for_Partyin'=Sorry for Partyin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evil_Addiction_Destroying_Machine=The Evil Addiction Destroying Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pariah,_the_Parrot,_the_Delusion=The Pariah, the Parrot, the Delusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorry,_Sorry=Sorry, Sorry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cause_I_Sez_So=Cause I Sez So
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Earth_(Rare_Earth_album)=Back to Earth (Rare Earth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recovery_(Eminem_album)=Recovery (Eminem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roots_of_Guns_N'_Roses=The Roots of Guns N' Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmogenesis_(album)=Cosmogenesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_&_More=Four & More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyforger_(album)=Skyforger (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_(OSI_album)=Blood (OSI)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Joe=Tony Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pray_for_Villains=Pray for Villains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korn_III:_Remember_Who_You_Are=Korn III: Remember Who You Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Higher_Place=A Higher Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynic_Paradise=Cynic Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitte_Orca=Bitte Orca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hombre_Lobo=Hombre lobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Budokan_(Bryan_Adams_album)=Live at the Budokan (Bryan Adams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fork_in_the_Road=Fork in the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelor_(album)=The Bachelor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monuments_and_Melodies=Monuments and Melodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Townes_(album)=Townes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senior_(album)=Senior (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Call_(The_Lost_Tapes)=Final Call (The Lost Tapes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_10_(album)=Channel 10 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Joe_White_(album)=Tony Joe White (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bowie_Narrates_Prokofiev's_Peter_and_the_Wolf=Peter and the Wolf (David Bowie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_Beyond_Control=Dreams Beyond Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantos_Possunt_ad_Satanitatem_Trahunt=Quantos Possunt ad Satanitatem Trahunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1,_2,_3,_Red_Light=1,2,3 Red Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Clouds_&_Silver_Linings=Black Clouds & Silver Linings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_of_Arms=Wall of Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_Sanctuary=Fallen Sanctuary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polaris_(Stratovarius_album)=Polaris Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Together_Through_Life=Together Through Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spinning_Top=The Spinning Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visitor_(UFO_album)=The Visitor (UFO)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carboniferous_(album)=Carboniferous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_Center_of_the_Mind=Journey to the Center of the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Classical_Conspiracy=The Classical Conspiracy - Live in Miskolc, Hungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Front_(Caravan_album)=Back to Front (Caravan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Water_(album)=Cool Water (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Hastings_(album)=The Battle of Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_for_the_Sun=Battle for the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Monster_aus_dem_Schrank=Das Monster aus dem Schrank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sehnsucht_(Lacrimosa_album)=Sehnsucht (Lacrimosa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapter_One:_Complete_Collection=Chapter One ~Complete Collection~
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_London_(Leonard_Cohen_album)=Live in London (Leonard Cohen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someday_Came_Suddenly=Someday Came Suddenly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Open_Door_EP=The Open Door EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Morgan_Sextet=Lee Morgan, Volume 2: Sextet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Morgan_Vol._3=Lee Morgan, Vol. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why%3F_(Discharge_album)=Why (Discharge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sails_at_Midnight=Black Sails at Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinary_Man_(Christy_Moore_album)=Ordinary Man (Christy Moore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Outside=World Outside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_(album)=Far (Regina Spektor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_BBC_(Siouxsie_and_the_Banshees_album)=At the BBC (Siouxsie and the Banshees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lines,_Vines_and_Trying_Times=Lines, Vines and Trying Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Tulsa_and_Back=To Tulsa and Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_the_Underground=Songs from the Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dance_of_Death_&_Other_Plantation_Favorites=Dance of Death & Other Plantation Favorites/John Fahey Vol. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fare_Forward_Voyagers_(Soldier's_Choice)=Fare Forward Voyagers (Soldier's Choice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knives_(album)=Knives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Stories_(Jon_and_Vangelis_album)=Short Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackout!_2=Blackout! 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sickology_101=Sickology 101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuse_of_Love=Fuse of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciao!_(Tiga_album)=Ciao! (Tiga)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Funk_(album)=Planet Funk (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freak*on*ica=Freak*on*ica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Time_to_Bleed=No Time to Bleed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catacombs_(album)=Catacombs (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_to_Cover_(Morse,_Portnoy_and_George_album)=Cover to Cover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_the_Highway=Songs from the Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_It_High:_A_Collection_of_Singles=Sing It High - A Collection of Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Sexes_(album)=Battle of the Sexes (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Cream=Best of Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanni_Voices=Yanni Voices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...In_Shallow_Seas_We_Sail=...In Shallow Seas We Sail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_to_Life=Come to Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artwork_(album)=Artwork (The Used)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farm_(album)=Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiology_(album)=Cardiology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Rollins_Plus_4=Sonny Rollins Plus 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Through_Heartsongs:_Songs_Based_on_the_Poems_of_Mattie_J.T._Stepanek=Music Through Heartsongs: Songs Based on the Poems of Mattie J.T. Stepanek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodstained_Endurance=Bloodstained Endurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_Pleasure_(Ashley_Tisdale_album)=Guilty Pleasure (Ashley Tisdale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octahedron_(album)=Octahedron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Life_(Paul_Wall_album)=Fast Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever_Ray_(album)=Fever Ray (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warm_Your_Heart=Warm Your Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canyon_Dreams=Canyon Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockoon_(Tangerine_Dream_album)=Rockoon (Tangerine Dream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighting_for_the_Earth=Fighting for the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distant_Relatives=Distant Relatives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_My_Life=Rock My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reawakening=The Reawakening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Nelson_(album)=Ricky Nelson (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_We_Like=Things We Like
http://dbpedia.org/resource/16.6_(Before_the_Devil_Knows_You're_Dead)=16.6 (Before the Devil Knows You're Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_the_Picture%3F_(The_Pretty_Things_album)=Get the Picture? (The Pretty Things)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bionic_(Christina_Aguilera_album)=Bionic (Christina Aguilera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_the_Dominoes_Fall=Let the Dominoes Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lividity_(album)=Lividity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Madison_Square_Garden_(Eric_Clapton_and_Steve_Winwood_album)=Live from Madison Square Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_in_One_Voice=All in One Voice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Controlling_Crowds=Controlling Crowds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gran_City_Pop=Gran City Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twist_the_Truth=Twist the Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_(Gavin_DeGraw_album)=Free (album Gavin DeGraw)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Had_the_Blues_But_I_Shook_Them_Loose=I Had the Blues But I Shook Them Loose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samarcanda_(album)=Samarcanda (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Lions=For the Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Diamond_(Buraka_Som_Sistema_album)=Black Diamond (Buraka Som Sistema)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_the_Records:_By_You_&_for_You=Break the Records: By You & For You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Crows_/_Young_Cardinals=Old Crows/Young Cardinals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Night_Cinema=All Night Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignorance_Never_Dies=Ignorance Never Dies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_into_Nightmares=Waking into Nightmares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bare_Bones_(Bryan_Adams_album)=Bare Bones (Bryan Adams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hear_What_I_Say=Hear What I Say
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Life_(Sandra_album)=Back to Life (Sandra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmony_Row=Harmony Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulse_(Front_242_album)=Pulse (Front 242)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graffiti_Crimes=Graffiti Crimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Shepp_Live_in_San_Francisco=Three for a Quarter, One for a Dime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_%22A%22_Live=Dream "A" Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_Tuoni=River of Tuoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clouds_of_Northland_Thunder=The Clouds of Northland Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_(Little_Boots_album)=Hands (Little Boots)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Taste_for_Passion=A Taste for Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civilized_Evil=Civilized Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kew._Rhone.=Kew. Rhone.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterpiss_of_Pain=Masterpiss of Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Hammersmith_'82!=Live at Hammersmith '82!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_(Trey_Songz_album)=Ready (Trey Songz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Profondo_Rosso_(soundtrack)=Profondo rosso (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Cousins_from_the_West=Strange Cousins from the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storytelling_(Jean-Luc_Ponty_album)=Storytelling (Jean-Luc Ponty)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Look_at_Eden=Last Look at Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tchokola=Tchokola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Roux_(album)=La Roux (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirrors_(Sandra_album)=Mirrors (Sandra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_This_(album)=Like This (The dB's)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_on_One_(The_Singles)=Ten on One (The Singles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Olympia_(R.E.M._album)=Live at the Olympia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Satanic_Satanist=The Satanic Satanist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Heaven_Denied=Return to Heaven Denied
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_a_Secret_Land=Into a Secret Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unauthorized_Breakfast_Item=The Unauthorized Breakfast Item
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lux_Noctis=Lux noctis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porta_Obscura=Porta obscura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflections_(Sandra_album)=Reflections (Sandra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Cascade=Black Cascade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_the_Lead=Taking the Lead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leadstar=The Leadstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molecular_Heinosity=Molecular Heinosity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Oath_(album)=Blood Oath (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex,_Money_&_Music=Sex, Money & Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Cash:_Patriot=Johnny Cash: Patriot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelphia_(album)=Adelphia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witchcraft_Destroys_Minds_&_Reaps_Souls=Witchcraft Destroys Minds & Reaps Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wait_for_Me_(Moby_album)=Wait for Me (Moby)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killswitch_Engage_(2009_album)=Killswitch Engage (2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Roll:_Songs_by_George_Harrison=Let It Roll: Songs by George Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Further_Complications=Further Complications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entre_el_cielo_y_el_suelo=Entre el cielo y el suelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_R.E.D._Album=The R.E.D. Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aidalai=Aidalai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Boys_(soundtrack)=Bad Boys (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_&_Furious_(soundtrack)=Fast & Furious (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchel_Musso_(album)=Mitchel Musso (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jellycream=Jellycream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Gangs=Sun Gangs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny's_Crib=Sonny's Crib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_(Phish_album)=Joy (Phish)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anno_Domini_High_Definition=Anno Domini High Definition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_So_Unpopular_in_School_and_Now_They're_Giving_Me_This_Beautiful_Bicycle=I Was So Unpopular in School and Now They're Giving Me This Beautiful Bicycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkest_Day=Darkest Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_the_Night=Heart of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worship_Music_(album)=Worship Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Attraction=Final Attraction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ToyZ=ToyZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conscience_(Womack_&_Womack_album)=Conscience (Womack & Womack)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agorapocalypse=Agorapocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Constellation_of_the_Black_Widow=In the Constellation of the Black Widow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadsinger=Roadsinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_Reaction_(John_Farnham_album)=Chain Reaction (John Farnham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo's_Heart=Romeo's Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_(Sean_Kingston_album)=Tomorrow (Sean Kingston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skullage=Skullage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yume_o_Kanaete_Doraemon=Yume o kanaete Doraemon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Drive_(album)=Night Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Man's_Womb=In a Man's Womb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actor_(album)=Actor (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22The_Above_Ground_Sound%22_of_Jake_Holmes="The Above Ground Sound" of Jake Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulikoira=Tulikoira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enter_the_Vaselines=Enter The Vaselines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Ryder_Pauper_Lunatic_Asylum=West Ryder Pauper Lunatic Asylum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Club_(Nat_King_Cole_album)=Welcome to the Club (Nat King Cole)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilco_(The_Album)=Wilco (The Album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Is_Gone=Heaven Is Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beam_of_Light=Beam of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riceboy_Sleeps=Riceboy Sleeps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Demento_20th_Anniversary_Collection=Dr. Demento 20th Anniversary Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outta_Here=Outta Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everlasting_Love_(Sandra_album)=Everlasting Love (Sandra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paintings_in_Yellow=Paintings in Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killers_Live_at_the_Whiskey=Live at the Whiskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Lonely_Hearts=Dear Lonely Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Want_Some_of_This%3F=You Want Some of This?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Hurricane=Hello Hurricane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaka_Rock=Shaka Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Mason_&_Cass_Elliot=Dave Mason & Cass Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fine_Mess_(album)=A Fine Mess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_All_About_Yourself=Tell Me All About Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellipse_(album)=Ellipse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pissed_(album)=Pissed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_(album)=The Last
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Days_of_Falling=Seven Days of Falling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manners_(album)=Manners (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Love_(David_Guetta_album)=One Love (album David Guetta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Circle_(Creed_album)=Full Circle (Creed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post-Nothing=Post-Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_the_Black_Shawarma=Legend of the Black Shawarma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaving_the_End_Open=Leaving the End Open
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happiness_(Dance_Gavin_Dance_album)=Happiness (Dance Gavin Dance)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Baggage=No Baggage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rainbows=Black Rainbows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necropolis_(album)=Necropolis (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisiognomica=Fisiognomica (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slash_(album)=Slash (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_(Leona_Lewis_album)=Echo (Leona Lewis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worrisome_Heart=Worrisome Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Hood_(soundtrack)=Tales from the Hood (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Words_(F._R._David_album)=Words (album F.R. David)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_and_Friends=Theodore and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_of_Love=The Sea of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trading_Secrets_with_the_Moon=Trading Secrets with the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lions_and_Tigers_and_Bears=Lions and Tigers and Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hungry_Saw=The Hungry Saw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awake_(Skillet_album)=Awake (Skillet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Universe_(album)=Electric Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeftRightLeftRightLeft=LeftRightLeftRightLeft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believe_(Dima_Bilan_album)=Believe (album Dima Bilan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_to_Seven=Close to Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_of_Changes_(album)=A Time of Changes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Break=After the Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_I_Loved_So_Well=The Woman I Loved So Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Saturday_Night=American Saturday Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remixes_Compiled=Remixes Compiled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tongue_n'_Cheek=Tongue n' Cheek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/18_Greatest_Hits_(Sandra_album)=18 Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fading_Shades=Fading Shades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_(Dionne_Warwick_album)=Friends (Dionne Warwick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_for_Everybody_(Devo_album)=Something for Everybody (Devo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filth_Hounds_of_Hades=Filth Hounds of Hades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_by_April_(album)=Dead by April (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drastic_Plastic=Drastic Plastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lullaby_(Jewel_album)=Lullaby (Jewel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evacuate_the_Dancefloor_(album)=Evacuate the Dancefloor (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Lies_for_Dark_Times=White Lies for Dark Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Aqua_album)=Greatest Hits (Aqua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_(Agathodaimon_album)=Phoenix (Agathodaimon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20/20_(Spyro_Gyra_album)=20/20 (Spyro Gyra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somebody's_Watching_Me_(album)=Somebody's Watching Me (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nutty_Professor_(soundtrack)=Il professore matto (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_This_Town=Leave This Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollies_Sing_Hollies=Hollies Sing Hollies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design_Your_Universe=Design Your Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constellations_(August_Burns_Red_album)=Constellations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_Men=Music for Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Home_(Carole_King_album)=Welcome Home (Carole King)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_the_Sky_(Carole_King_album)=Touch the Sky (Carole King)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearls:_Songs_of_Goffin_and_King=Pearls: Songs of Goffin and King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_to_One_(Carole_King_album)=One to One (Carole King)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Painted_Blood=World Painted Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Was_the_Case_(Gucci_Mane_album)=Murder Was the Case (Gucci Mane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Inspiration=My Inspiration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Inferno=Live Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heritage_(Earth,_Wind_&_Fire_album)=Heritage (album Earth, Wind & Fire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eternal_Return_(album)=The Eternal Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Train_I'm_On=The Train I'm On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Distortion_We_Trust=In Distortion We Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Stories...=No More Stories...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/15_(Buckcherry_album)=15 (Buckcherry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Crime_(album)=Perfect Crime (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_You_the_Best=Wish You the Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullblast=Fullblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Gravity_(Kiko_Loureiro_album)=No Gravity (Kiko Loureiro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Montana_3=Hannah Montana 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forget_and_Not_Slow_Down=Forget and Not Slow Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unplugged_(Arrested_Development_album)=Unplugged (Arrested Development)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dandy_Warhols_Are_Sound=The Dandy Warhols Are Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live!_Final_Attack_at_Budokan=Live! Final Attack at Budokan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_the_Blue_Colour_of_the_Sky=Of the Blue Colour of the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavarotti_&_Friends_for_Guatemala_and_Kosovo=Pavarotti & Friends for Guatemala & Kosovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruthless_(Ace_Hood_album)=Ruthless (Ace Hood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Gods_Festival_2002=Live at the Gods Festival 2002
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beacons_of_Ancestorship=Beacons of Ancestorship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Wish_You_a_Metal_Xmas_and_a_Headbanging_New_Year=We Wish You a Metal Xmas and a Headbanging New Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poetic_Justice_(Lillian_Axe_album)=Poetic Justice (Lillian Axe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Intercourse_(Smashed_Gladys_album)=Social Intercourse (Smashed Gladys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_(Wilson_Phillips_album)=California (Wilson Phillips)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Loreley=Live from Loreley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_One_and_Only_Thrill=My One and Only Thrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cilla_(album)=Cilla (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recital_of_the_Script=Recital of the Script
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Stages=Early Stages: The Official Bootleg Box Set 1982-1987
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cilla_Sings_a_Rainbow=Cilla Sings a Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sher-oo!=Sher-oo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Song_Contest_2011=Eurovision Song Contest 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homemade_Ice_Cream=Homemade Ice Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_(Franz_Ferdinand_album)=Blood (Franz Ferdinand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Song_Contest_2012=Eurovision Song Contest 2012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavirint=Lavirint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So,_It's_Like_That=So, It's Like That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Favourites=My Favourites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Especially_for_You_(Cilla_Black_album)=Especially for You (Cilla Black)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Night_of_the_Soul_(album)=Dark Night of the Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surprisingly_Cilla=Surprisingly Cilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hardest_Town=The Hardest Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang!_Pow!_Boom!=Bang! Pow! Boom!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Du_ciment_sous_les_plaines=Du ciment sous les plaines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Then_Again_(John_Farnham_album)=Then Again...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_Live_(Toto_album)=Absolutely Live (Toto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abominable_Showman=The Abominable Showman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapman_Whitney_Streetwalkers=Chapman Whitney Streetwalkers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairytales_(Alexander_Rybak_album)=Fairytales (Alexander Rybak)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majestical_Parade=Majestical Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Latest=The Latest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Pop=Over the Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Beat=Let It Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Love_&_War_(Amerie_album)=In Love & War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Look_to_You=I Look to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelion_(album)=Evangelion (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duane_&_Greg_Allman=Duane & Greg Allman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Parade:_The_B-Sides=The Black Parade: The B-Sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NSRGNTS_RMXS=NSRGNTS RMXS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlefield_(album)=Battlefield (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sotto_una_pioggia_di_parole=Sotto una pioggia di parole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Lad_in_the_Windmill=The Big Lad in the Windmill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aim_and_Ignite=Aim and Ignite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sci-Fi_Crimes=Sci-Fi Crimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_an_Imperfect_Angel=Memoirs of an Imperfect Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memento_Mori_(Flyleaf_album)=Memento mori (Flyleaf)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rose_of_England_(album)=The Rose of England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Swan_(album)=Black Swan (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximum_Strength=Maximum Strength
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomb_in_a_Birdcage=Bomb in a Birdcage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foot_of_the_Mountain=Foot of the Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_for_Sorrow=Songs for Sorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaqkout=BlaQKout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Resistance_(album)=The Resistance (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Sweeper_Social_Club_(album)=Street Sweeper Social Club (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_Side_Up_(Paolo_Nutini_album)=Sunny Side Up (Paolo Nutini)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruination_(album)=Ruination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_Aim_Fire:_Live_at_London_Alexandria=Scream Aim Fire: Live at London Alexandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calma_apparente=Calma apparente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_and_the_Half-Blood_Prince_(soundtrack)=Harry Potter e il principe mezzosangue (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midlife:_A_Beginner's_Guide_to_Blur=Midlife: A Beginner's Guide to Blur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lungs_(album)=Lungs (Florence and the Machine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Ryder=West Ryder EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drowning_Pool_(album)=Drowning Pool (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progress_(Take_That_album)=Progress (Take That)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Lucky_(Mark_Knopfler_album)=Get Lucky (Mark Knopfler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessie_James_(album)=Jessie James (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Need_to_Believe=Need to Believe (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Thing_(Vanessa_Williams_album)=The Real Thing (Vanessa L. Williams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallop_Meets_the_Earth=Gallop Meets the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forensic_Follies=Forensic Follies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platinum_9_Disc=Platinum 9 Disc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beg_for_It_(album)=Beg for It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_Up_(album)=Break Up (Scarlett Johansson e Pete Yorn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chickenfoot_(album)=Chickenfoot (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_We_Go_Again_(Demi_Lovato_album)=Here We Go Again (album Demi Lovato)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VH1_Storytellers_(David_Bowie_album)=VH1 Storytellers (David Bowie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Faith,_Power_and_Glory=Of Faith, Power and Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_My_Head_and_the_Sky=Between My Head and the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_Awake=Sound Awake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Jam_Session=Paris Jam Session
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenor_Giants_Featuring_Oscar_Peterson=The Tenor Giants Featuring Oscar Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Survival=State of Survival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_It!=Bring it!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_Me_Later=Thank Me Later
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live'r_Than_You'll_Ever_Be=Live'r Than You'll Ever Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremih_(album)=Jeremih (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_(album)=Swords (Morrissey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Mess=Hot Mess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backspacer=Backspacer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alan_Parsons_Project_That_Never_Was=The Alan Parsons Project That Never Was
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Tattoo=Love Tattoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_the_Steel=Feel the Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_This_Light_and_on_This_Evening=In This Light and on This Evening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_Blood_(The_69_Eyes_album)=Back in Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_from_Earth=Men from Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UTFO_(album)=UTFO (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Car_Over_the_Lake_Album=The Car Over the Lake Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Symphony:_The_DVD=Kiss Symphony: The DVD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changes_Two=Changes Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doombringer=Doombringer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_or_Nothing_(Jay_Sean_album)=All or Nothing (Jay Sean)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Flower's_Broken=A Flower's Broken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Will_Be_the_Death_of_Us=This Will Be the Death of Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popular_Songs_(Yo_La_Tengo_album)=Popular Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_e_radici=Ali e radici (Eros Ramazzotti)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triangle_(Perfume_album)=⊿
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toni_Basil_(album)=Toni Basil (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Diggity:_The_Very_Best_of_Blackstreet=No Diggity: The Very Best of Blackstreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_the_Nation_Live!=Kiss Rock The Nation Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Nights_(video)=Crazy Nights (video)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Konfidential=Konfidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-treme_Close-Up=X-Treme Close-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animals_as_Leaders_(album)=Animals as Leaders (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Masquerade=Welcome to the Masquerade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_the_Grail=Chasing the Grail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearls_to_Pigs=Pearls to Pigs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelling_the_Face_of_the_Globe=Travelling the Face of the Globe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headed_for_the_Future=Headed for the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blues_Alone=The Blues Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeah_Ghost=Yeah Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novus_Magnificat=Novus Magnificat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Leaks=Internet Leaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_D-Block=Life on D-Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poetry_of_the_Deed=Poetry of the Deed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Way_to_Wonderland=On the Way to Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explains_It_All=Explains It All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humbug_(album)=Humbug (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Electric_Blues=Post Electric Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1,_2,_to_the_Bass=1, 2, to the Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saints_Will_Conquer=Saints Will Conquer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riot_Live_(EP)=Riot Live (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Released_(Patti_LaBelle_album)=Released (Patti LaBelle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patti_(album)=Patti (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collective_Soul_(2009_album)=Collective Soul (album 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Gives_Way_to_Blue=Black Gives Way to Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endgame_(Megadeth_album)=Endgame (Megadeth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engram_(album)=Engram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_(Melanie_Fiona_album)=The Bridge (Melanie Fiona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_for_the_Weekend_(album)=Ready for the Weekend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_Rock_(Sammy_Hagar_album)=The Best of Sammy Hagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incident_(album)=The Incident (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beam_Me_Up_Scotty_(mixtape)=Beam Me Up Scotty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Lies_Beneath_(Tarja_album)=What Lies Beneath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lust_in_Space=Lust in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_in_the_Sky=Thunder in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draw_the_Line_(David_Gray_album)=Draw the Line (David Gray)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Drunk=Love Drunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winter_of_'88=The Winter of '88
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_On_Loving_You_(album)=Keep on Loving You (Reba McEntire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_Along_to_Songs_You_Don't_Know=Sing Along to Songs You Don't Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Yourself_(Patti_LaBelle_album)=Be Yourself (Patti LaBelle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11:11_(Rodrigo_y_Gabriela_album)=11:11 (Rodrigo y Gabriela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Four_Walls_(We_Were_Promised_Jetpacks_album)=These Four Walls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moskva_(album)=Moskva (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gather_the_Faithful=Gather the Faithful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fate_in_a_Pleasant_Mood=Fate in a Pleasant Mood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Amsterdam_(video)=Live from Amsterdam (Alter Bridge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congratulations_(album)=Congratulations (MGMT)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the..._All_Together=In the... All Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Concert_at_the_Forum=Live Concert at the Forum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Love_Lost_(Joe_Budden_album)=No Love Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Lights_&_Back_Alleys=Bright Lights & Back Alleys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spooky_Two=Spooky Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Lisbon=Live in Lisbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sugar_Man=The Sugar Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twang_Bar_King=Twang Bar King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Reflections_Drained=All Reflections Drained
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_of_the_Future=Child of the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_(Angels_&_Airwaves_album)=Love (Angels & Airwaves)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Smug_(album)=We Are Smug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Made_Who=Who Made Who
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Voice_(album)=Southern Voice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songbird_(Barbra_Streisand_album)=Songbird (album Barbra Streisand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahraman_(album)=Kahraman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dethalbum_II=Dethalbum II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chair_in_the_Doorway=The Chair in the Doorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ButterFly_(Barbra_Streisand_album)=ButterFly (Barbra Streisand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till_I_Loved_You_(album)=Till I Loved You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Remedy_(Jagged_Edge_album)=The Remedy (Jagged Edge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scars_(Basement_Jaxx_album)=Scars (Basement Jaxx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Marquises=Les Marquises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classical_Barbra=Classical Barbra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Moore_(album)=Justin Moore (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_with_the_Thugz_Part_2=Back with the Thugz Part 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_Plan=Mi plan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infected_Nations=Infected Nations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Valley_of_the_Moonking=Into the Valley of the Moonking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conditions_(album)=Conditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singles_Collection_Volume_1=Queen: The Singles Collection Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exposed_(Kristinia_DeBarge_album)=Exposed (Kristinia DeBarge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strip_(The_Chameleons_album)=Strip (The Chameleons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beauty_and_the_Beer=The Beauty and the Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Shall_Fall=All Shall Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_on_a_Winter's_Night...=If on a Winter's Night...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu-Tang_Chamber_Music=Wu-Tang Chamber Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oracles_(album)=Oracles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand_New_Eyes=Brand New Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Waits_Thy_Doom=Here Waits Thy Doom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwanza_(album)=Kwanza (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seeds_(album)=The Seeds (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microcosmos_(Drudkh_album)=Microcosmos (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thelonious_Monk_Orchestra_at_Town_Hall=The Thelonious Monk Orchestra at Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_by_Monk_by_5=5 by Monk by 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelonious_Himself=Thelonious Himself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelonious_in_Action=Thelonious in Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_(Shalamar_album)=Friends (album Shalamar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hullabaloo:_Live_at_Le_Zenith,_Paris=Hullabaloo: Live at Le Zenith, Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Fight_What_You_Can't_See=You Can't Fight What You Can't See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collection_(Michael_Jackson_album)=The Collection (Michael Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Nights_(Allen_Toussaint_album)=Southern Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukee_at_Last!!!=Milwaukee at Last!!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Sings_the_Blues_(Billie_Holiday_album)=Lady Sings the Blues (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartlight_(album)=Heartlight (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_2=Love 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Think=Don't Think
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barclay_James_Harvest_(album)=Barclay James Harvest (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singles_Collection_Volume_2=Queen: The Singles Collection Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hospice_(The_Antlers_album)=Hospice (The Antlers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_Solid_Ground=In Search of Solid Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2NE1_(2009_EP)=2NE1 (EP 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Creation_of_the_Universe=The Creation of the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cicho=Cicho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Look_Down_(Ozark_Mountain_Daredevils_album)=Don't Look Down (The Ozark Mountain Daredevils)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozark_Mountain_Daredevils_(1980_album)=Ozark Mountain Daredevils (album 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Is_the_Answer=War Is the Answer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screamin'_'n'_Bleedin'=Screamin' n' Bleedin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Dark=Across the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Njord_(album)=Njord (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_Along_Songs_for_the_Damned_&_Delirious=Sing Along Songs for the Damned & Delirious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_Through_Fire=Walk Through Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaughterhouse_(Slaughterhouse_album)=Slaughterhouse (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Fascination=Hello Fascination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeletons_in_the_Closet_(Children_of_Bodom_album)=Skeletons in the Closet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Is_the_World=Forever is the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_Two_(She_&_Him_album)=Volume Two (She & Him)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desde_Siempre=Desde siempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_to_Moog_By=Music to Moog By
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Root_of_All_Evil_(album)=The Root of All Evil (Arch Enemy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_&_Ballads=Blues & Ballads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_It_Up_(Pixie_Lott_album)=Turn It Up (album Pixie Lott)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Who_Knew_Too_Much_(album)=The Boy Who Knew Too Much
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupercalia_(album)=Lupercalia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Us_(Backstreet_Boys_album)=This Is Us (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_This_Perfect_Day=On This Perfect Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_(soundtrack)=Tommy (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unreal_(End_of_You_album)=Unreal (End of You)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Chile!=Viva Chile!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Ashes=Out of Ashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Intensity=Another Intensity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Misdirect=The Great Misdirect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meek_Shall_Inherit_What's_Left=The Meek Shall Inherit What's Left
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BK3_(album)=BK3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remains_(Bella_Morte_album)=Remains (Bella Morte)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_Up_(OneRepublic_album)=Waking Up (OneRepublic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Up_the_Ghost_(album)=Give Up the Ghost (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attention_Deficit_(album)=Attention Deficit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twang_(album)=Twang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smashes_and_Trashes=Smashes & Trashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Rock=Party Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Cecil_Taylor=The World of Cecil Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_(Brand_New_album)=Daisy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominator_(U.D.O._album)=Dominator (U.D.O.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Through_the_Out_Door=In Through the Out Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_Advance=Jazz Advance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C'est_la_Vie_(Martin_Solveig_album)=C'est la vie (Martin Solveig)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_Ahead!=Looking Ahead!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Hard_Rock_Cafe=Live at the Hard Rock Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retribution_(Shadows_Fall_album)=Retribution (Shadows Fall)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Days_of_Grays=The Days of Grays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Touch_of_Evil:_Live=A Touch of Evil: Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_(Bananarama_album)=Viva (Bananarama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls'_Generation_(2007_album)=Girls' Generation (album 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_Your_Wish_(Genie)=Tell Me Your Wish (Genie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_World:_The_Motown_Solo_Collection=Hello World: The Motown Solo Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Change_the_World_with_Music=Let's Change the World with Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldbeat_(album)=Worldbeat (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles_in_Mono=The Beatles in Mono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Your_Colors=Show Your Colors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Human_Feelings=Of Human Feelings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Dancers=Two Dancers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romborama=Romborama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_in_the_Rough_(album)=Diamond in the Rough (Jessi Colter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Days_of_Spring_(album)=The First Days of Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Jones_(Tom_Jones_album)=Mr. Jones (Tom Jones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Wolf=She Wolf (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Dance=Welcome to the Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelitas_Way_(album)=Adelitas Way (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamland_(Aztec_Camera_album)=Dreamland (Aztec Camera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Rollins,_Vol._2=Sonny Rollins, Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_and_Out_of_Control=In and Out of Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woodstock_Experience=The Woodstock Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Radar_Over_the_Top=Under the Radar Over the Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avengers_(EP)=Avengers (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22The_Spaghetti_Incident%3F%22=The Spaghetti Incident?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Paul_Simon=The Essential Paul Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Brand_You_Can_Trust=A Brand You Can Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Secret_Life_(album)=A Secret Life (Marianne Faithfull)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Song_Contest_2010=Eurovision Song Contest 2010
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avengers_(album)=Avengers (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Edition=Silver Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beggars_(album)=Beggars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Talk_(Imagination_album)=Body Talk (album Imagination)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historic_Edition=Historic Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Heat_of_the_Night_(Imagination_album)=In the Heat of the Night (album Imagination)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_Cougars=Music for Cougars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance_of_the_Celtic_Harp=Renaissance de la harpe celtique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Garrett_(album)=David Garrett (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump_the_Gun_(album)=Jump the Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin-Decade=Sin-Decade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tribute_to_Judas_Priest:_Legends_of_Metal=A Tribute to Judas Priest Legends of Metal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles_Box=The Beatles Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untitled_(R._Kelly_album)=Untitled (R. Kelly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Friends_and_Gentle_Hearts=Dear Friends and Gentle Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakthrough_(Colbie_Caillat_album)=Breakthrough (Colbie Caillat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Revolutions_(album)=Only Revolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Central_Dust=American Central Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_Abbey_Road=The Other Side of Abbey Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Flair_for_the_Dramatic=A Flair for the Dramatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_from_the_3D_Concert_Experience=Music from The 3D Concert Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazin'_(Trina_album)=Amazin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Came_from_the_Shadows=They Came from the Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infomaniac=Infomaniac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_Covers=Other Covers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_Killer=Beauty Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Studies_(album)=Battle Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Life_Loud=Live Life Loud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Listening_(Lights_album)=The Listening (Lights)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_Route=Escape Route
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Further_Explorations=Further Explorations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Ballads=Western Ballads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebration_(Madonna_album)=Celebration (album Madonna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Is_the_New_Day=Night Is the New Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trill_OG=Trill OG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persona_(Queen_Latifah_album)=Persona (Queen Latifah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Travel_the_Space_Ways=We Travel the Space Ways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_from_Below=Up from Below
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MZW_(album)=MZW (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_by_For...=Stand By For...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_'til_Now=Up 'til Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Matter_Dimensions=Dark Matter Dimensions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Face_the_Music=Let's Face the Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Futuristic_Sounds_of_Sun_Ra=The Futuristic Sounds of Sun Ra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Slow_Down_(Foreigner_album)=Can't Slow Down (Foreigner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_the_Answer_(album)=Love Is the Answer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajanaka:_Mantra=Rajanaka: Mantra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Retrace=U.S. Retrace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Ballade=Just Ballade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_World_(EP)=My World (Justin Bieber)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boleto_de_Entrada=Boleto de entrada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O._J._Simpson_(album)=O. J. Simpson (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_&_Guns=God & Guns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Record=Blue Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_on_the_Other_Side_of_Nowhere=Somewhere on the Other Side of Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_and_Beautiful=Bad and Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitter_&_Sweet_(album)=Bitter & Sweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_of_Our_Lives_(EP)=The Time of Our Lives (Miley Cyrus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stray_(album)=Stray (Aztec Camera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Scarface_album)=Greatest Hits (Scarface)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuckbook=Fuckbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Forms_of_Dimensions_Tomorrow=Art Forms of Dimensions Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Will_We_Be=What Will We Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untitled_23=Untitled 23
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_(Bonfire_album)=Free (Bonfire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainthood_(album)=Sainthood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Source_(album)=Main Source (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penikufesin=Penikufesin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_Killed_the_Video_Star=Reality Killed the Video Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revolution_Will_Not_Be_Televised_(album)=The Revolution Will Not Be Televised (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronger_with_Each_Tear=Stronger with Each Tear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalanche_(Mountain_album)=Avalanche (Mountain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbeit_macht_frei_(album)=Arbeit macht frei (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caution_Radiation_Area=Caution Radiation Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Say_We_Didn't_Warn_You=Don't Say We Didn't Warn You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strength_of_Steel=Strength of Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worth_the_Weight=Worth the Weight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plugged_in_Permanent=Plugged in Permanent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_No_Alternative=Absolutely No Alternative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Sun_Comes_Out=When Sun Comes Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gems_(Patti_LaBelle_album)=Gems (Patti LaBelle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Angels_Speak_of_Love=When Angels Speak of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_Tones_for_Mental_Therapy=Cosmic Tones for Mental Therapy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_Planes_of_There=Other Planes of There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Greatest=Absolute Greatest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_and_Tell_(The_Birthday_Massacre_album)=Show and Tell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Strings=Strange Strings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omega_(Asia_album)=Omega (Asia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Old,_Familiar_Friend=My Old, Familiar Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phineas_and_Ferb_(soundtrack)=Phineas and Ferb (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fame_Monster=The Fame Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singles_(Corey_Hart_album)=Corey Hart The Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attitude_&_Virtue=Attitude and Virtue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corey_Hart_(album)=Corey Hart (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progression_Towards_Evil=Progression Towards Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreshadowing_Our_Demise=Foreshadowing Our Demise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Sacrifice_to_Survival=From Sacrifice to Survival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenka_(album)=Lenka (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Days_(The_Psychedelic_Furs_album)=Book of Days (The Psychedelic Furs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Agony=Dear Agony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Want_the_Truth_or_Something_Beautiful%3F=Do You Want the Truth or Something Beautiful?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Ozs_of_Plastic_with_a_Hole_in_the_Middle=2ozs of Plastic (With a Hole in the Middle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity_(Jesu_album)=Infinity (Jesu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3-D_(I_See_Stars_album)=3-D (I See Stars)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Fox_(album)=Samantha Fox (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ad_gloriam=Ad gloriam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Hits:_Don't_Touch_My_Moustache=The Greatest Hits: Don't Touch My Moustache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Ellis-Bextor:_iTunes_Live_in_London=Sophie Ellis-Bextor: iTunes Live in London Festival '09
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Starts_Now=Life Starts Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_Your_Country_Right_Here=I Got Your Country Right Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You_(Amanda_Blank_album)=I Love You (Amanda Blank)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guns_Don't_Kill_People..._Lazers_Do=Guns Don't Kill People... Lazers Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Like_It_Here_Now,_Are_You_Settling_In%3F=Do You Like It Here Now, Are You Settling In?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Burnette_and_the_Rock_'n_Roll_Trio=Johnny Burnette and the Rock'n Roll Trio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_(Man_album)=Man (Man)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelation_(Man_album)=Revelation (Man)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasswind=Brasswind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Song_Contest_2013=Eurovision Song Contest 2013
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_(Boyz_II_Men_album)=Love (Boyz II Men)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Lack_of_a_Better_Name=For Lack of a Better Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fler_(album)=Fler (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Obsidian_Conspiracy=The Obsidian Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhinos,_Winos_and_Lunatics=Rhinos, Winos + Lunatics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_City_Lights=Lost in City Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season_of_Changes=Season of changes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_My_Best_(Mai_Kuraki_album)=All My Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Bozz=Der Bozz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_People:_Blur_Live_at_Hyde_Park=All the People: Blur Live at Hyde Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Talk_at_125th_and_Lenox=Small Talk at 125th and Lenox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desafiando_la_gravedad=Desafiando la gravedad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_a_Mist_(album)=Love in a Mist (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Grave_in_Space=Tales from the Grave in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Motion_(Man_album)=Slow Motion (Man)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Brutal=Double Brutal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Sound:_The_Bassline_Strikes_Back!=Jungle Sound - The Bassline Strikes Back!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Jackson_(album)=Jackie Jackson (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_Me,_San_Francisco=Save Me, San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Welsh_Connection=The Welsh Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agents_of_the_Underground=Agents of the Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_(album)=Die!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_into_the_Future=Back into the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raditude=Raditude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamin'_My_Dreams_(Marianne_Faithfull_album)=Dreamin' My Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang!_(Cinema_Bizarre_album)=BANG! (Cinema Bizarre)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hits_(REO_Speedwagon_album)=The Hits (REO Speedwagon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Go_(album)=Gary Go (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halestorm_(album)=Halestorm (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Ridge_Rangers_Rides_Again=The Blue Ridge Rangers Rides Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeah!_(Brownsville_Station_album)=Yeah! (Brownsville Station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterful_Mystery_Tour=Masterful Mystery Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frestonia_(album)=Frestonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Boom_(Kiss_album)=Sonic Boom (Kiss)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Bites_and_Dog_Fights=Shark Bites and Dog Fights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasia:_Live_in_Tokyo=Fantasia - Live in Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circle_(Bon_Jovi_album)=The Circle (Bon Jovi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Blacklist_Club=Welcome to the Blacklist Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erase/Rewind_Official_Remix=Erase/Rewind Official Remix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_to_Be_Back=Good to Be Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_the_Frost...Until_the_Freeze=Before the Frost...Until the Freeze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_of_Soundz=Wall of Soundz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axe_to_Fall=Axe to Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Coryell=Lady Coryell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_mio_canto_libero=Il mio canto libero (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Is_No_Enemy=There Is No Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucio_Battisti,_la_batteria,_il_contrabbasso,_eccetera=Lucio Battisti, la batteria, il contrabbasso, eccetera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedtime_Stories_(Madonna_album)=Bedtime Stories (Madonna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Way_(Ian_Brown_album)=My Way (Ian Brown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anima_latina=Anima latina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Giovanni_(album)=Don Giovanni (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Dance_Now_(album)=Everybody Dance Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Home_(album)=Almost Home (Evergreen Terrace)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emozioni=Emozioni (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umanamente_uomo:_il_sogno=Umanamente uomo: il sogno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_giornata_uggiosa=Una giornata uggiosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2010_Winter_Olympics_opening_ceremony=Cerimonia di apertura dei XXI Giochi olimpici invernali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muppet_Show_(album)=The Muppet Show (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Darling_Doll_Face_Honey=Baby Darling Doll Face Honey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underground_Out_of_Poland=Underground Out of Poland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokstarr=Rokstarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D'amore_di_morte_e_di_altre_sciocchezze=D'amore di morte e di altre sciocchezze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucio_Battisti_Vol._4=Lucio Battisti Vol. 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucio_Battisti_(album)=Lucio Battisti (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hegel_(album)=Hegel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Like_This_(The_Summer_Set_album)=Love Like This (The Summer Set)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pursuit_(album)=The Pursuit (Jamie Cullum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_sposa_occidentale=La sposa occidentale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'apparenza=L'apparenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxy_Lady_(RuPaul_album)=Foxy Lady (RuPaul)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xx_(album)=Xx (The xx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Far_Gone_(EP)=So Far Gone (EP Drake)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_(Ingrid_Michaelson_album)=Everybody (Ingrid Michaelson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambiant_Otaku=Ambiant Otaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggie_(album)=Reggie (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spell_(Alphabeat_album)=The Spell (album Alphabeat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbroken_(Katharine_McPhee_album)=Unbroken (Katharine McPhee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mescalito_(album)=Mescalito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Am_I_Treated_So_Bad!=Why Am I Treated So Bad!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All's_Well_That_Ends_Well_(Man_album)=All's Well That Ends Well (Man)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Songs_Lennon_and_McCartney_Gave_Away=The Songs Lennon and McCartney Gave Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dinosaur_Life=My Dinosaur Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amore_e_non_amore=Amore e non amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triangle_(The_Beau_Brummels_album)=Triangle (The Beau Brummels)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Declaration_of_Dependence=Declaration of Dependence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_(M.O.P._album)=Foundation (M.O.P.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Down_the_Moon=Call Down the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_nostro_caro_angelo=Il nostro caro angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_donna_per_amico=Una donna per amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Io_tu_noi_tutti=Io tu noi tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Get_Found=The Lost Get Found
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broad_Street_Bully=The Broad Street Bully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tal_(album)=Tal (Tal Farlow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Option_Paralysis=Option Paralysis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosas_que_nos_hacen_sentir_bien=Cosas que nos hacen sentir bien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superficial_(album)=Superficial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Blade_(album)=Tokyo Blade (album 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley's_Barn=Bradley's Barn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_We_All_Come_to_Need=What We All Come to Need
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Business_(2-4_Family_album)=Family Business (2-4 Family)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Pink=Into the Pink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Musica_Negra=La musica negra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closer_to_the_Bone=Closer to the Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_(album)=Network (Saga)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Abreu_(album)=Anna Abreu (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beau_Brummels,_Volume_2=The Beau Brummels, Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_in_the_Heart=Christmas in the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Hearts_&_Jaded_Spades=Blackhearts and Jaded Spades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_7=Sweet 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_(Fefe_Dobson_album)=Joy (Fefe Dobson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Live=Tina Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_(Anna_Abreu_album)=Now (Anna Abreu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_New_York_(The_Doors_live_album)=Live in New York (The Doors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_(The_Cranberries_album)=Gold (The Cranberries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_the_World_to_Come_(album)=The Life of the World to Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_v._Raymond=Raymond v. Raymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_&_Tell_(Selena_Gomez_&_the_Scene_album)=Kiss & Tell (Selena Gomez & the Scene)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wait_for_the_Night=A Cry in the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_and_Let_Live_(10cc_album)=Live and Let Live (10cc)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Reading=Live at Reading
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magick_Brother=Magick Brother, Mystic Sister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_a_Pretty_Face%3F=Just a Pretty Face?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_I_Become_Me_(album)=When I Become Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronger_(Hanna_Pakarinen_album)=Stronger (Hanna Pakarinen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feelin'_All_Right=Feelin' All Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamin'_Man_Live_'92=Dreamin' Man Live '92
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_(Hanna_Pakarinen_album)=Lovers (Hanna Pakarinen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darin_(album)=Darin (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_New_Riders_of_the_Purple_Sage=The Best of New Riders of the Purple Sage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Time_(album)=The Last Time (John Farnham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fate_to_Fatal=Fate to Fatal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncovered_(John_Farnham_album)=Uncovered (John Farnham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Classic=American Classic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Pawn...=When the Pawn...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haih_Or_Amortecedor=Haih Or Amortecedor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recording_the_Universe=Recording the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Brummels_'66=Beau Brummels '66
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parcel_of_Rogues_(album)=Parcel of Rogues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles_(The_Original_Studio_Recordings)=The Beatles Stereo Box Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Place_(album)=Secret Place (Worship Sessions Volume 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Platinum_Collection_(Scorpions_album)=The Platinum Collection (Scorpions)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_and_Green=Gold and Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enlighten_the_Darkness=Enlighten the Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Road_1982=On the Road 1982
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Let_Go_(album)=Never Let Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maybe_I'm_Dreaming=Maybe I'm Dreaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_World_One_Love=One World One Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_June=Of June
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Comes_and_Goes=Everything Comes and Goes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_Calm_and_Carry_On_(album)=Keep Calm and Carry On (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Machine=The Big Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priceless_(Birdman_album)=Priceless (Birdman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_(Borknagar_album)=Universal (Borknagar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signs_of_Infinite_Power=Signs of Infinite Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine_Dreams=Machine Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anywhere_but_Here_(Mayday_Parade_album)=Anywhere but Here (Mayday Parade)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_%22Weird_Al%22_Yankovic=The Essential "Weird Al" Yankovic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congregation_of_the_Damned=Congregation of the Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swamp_Man=Swamp Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wormwood_(Marduk_album)=Wormwood (Marduk)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters_of_Folk_(album)=Monsters of Folk (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_On_(Carrie_Underwood_album)=Play On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Yeah!_The_Awesome_Foursome=Hell Yeah !!! The Awesome Four - Live in Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadie_(album)=Sadie (John Farnham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Oughta_Sing_a_Song=Everybody Oughta Sing a Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_Through_a_Tear=Looking Through a Tear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Is_Johnny_Farnham=Christmas Is... Johnny Farnham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_(John_Farnham_album)=Johnny (John Farnham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dreamed_a_Dream_(album)=I Dreamed a Dream (Susan Boyle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarot_Sport=Tarot Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phrazes_for_the_Young=Phrazes for the Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Test_02=Club Test 02
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humanoid_(album)=Humanoid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_(Miranda_Lambert_album)=Revolution (Miranda Lambert)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Your_Mind_(EP)=Free Your Mind (Anarbor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Ain't_Movin'=I Ain't Movin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinny_Jeanz_and_a_Mic=Skinny Jeanz & a Mic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_(Inna_album)=Hot (album Inna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bones:_Original_Television_Soundtrack=Bones (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Attack=Slow Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Chipmunk=I Am Chipmunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Foo_Fighters_album)=Greatest Hits (Foo Fighters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Ride_(Toby_Keith_album)=American Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ne-Yo:_The_Collection=Ne-Yo: The Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebridades=Celebridades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_(Norah_Jones_album)=The Fall (Norah Jones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seduction_of_Ingmar_Bergman=The Seduction of Ingmar Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer's_End_(album)=Summer's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Lust_Evokes_the_Curse=When Lust Evokes the Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alter_the_Ending=Alter the Ending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blast_(album)=Blast (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_the_Whole_World_Hears=Until the Whole World Hears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Enya=The Very Best of Enya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comes_and_Goes=Comes and Goes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebration:_The_Video_Collection=Celebration: The Video Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panty_Raid_(album)=Panty Raid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Acoustic_Night_at_the_Theatre=An Acoustic Night at the Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karma_(Winger_album)=Karma (Winger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Rule_(album)=Golden Rule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Told_You_So_(Chino_XL_album)=I Told You So (Chino XL)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah's_Arc:_Season_1_(soundtrack)=Noah's Arc (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellbilly_Deluxe_2=Hellbilly Deluxe 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_to_Now=Up to Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_(Roy_Harper_album)=Once (Roy Harper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_or_Glory%3F_(album)=Death or Glory?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Taste_of_Extreme_Divinity=A Taste of Extreme Divinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contra_(album)=Contra (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overcome_(Alexandra_Burke_album)=Overcome (Alexandra Burke)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Whom_the_Gods_Detest=Those Whom the Gods Detest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manafon_(album)=Manafon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelus_Exuro_pro_Eternus=Angelus Exuro pro Eternus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranoia_e_potere=Paranoia e potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teargarden_by_Kaleidyscope=Teargarden by Kaleidyscope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitmixes=Hitmixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Control:_Live_from_the_O2_2009=Out of Control: Live from the O2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ying_Yang_Forever=Ying Yang Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Air=Pure Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_Ones_(Janet_Jackson_album)=Number Ones (Janet Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Up_and_Scream=Stand Up and Scream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preflyte=Preflyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Tunnel's_Mouth=Out of the Tunnel's Mouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screamworks:_Love_in_Theory_and_Practice=Screamworks: Love in Theory and Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadonnut_puutarha=Kadonnut puutarha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midwinter_Graces=Midwinter Graces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_Soldier=Devil Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_of_Devil's_Land=The Law of Devil's Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disillusion_(album)=Disillusion (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane_Eyes=Hurricane Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odin_(EP)=Gotta Fight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loudness_(album)=Loudness (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Metal_Hippies=Heavy Metal Hippies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghetto_Machine=Ghetto Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_(Loudness_album)=Dragon (Loudness)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engine_(Loudness_album)=Engine (Loudness)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiritual_Canoe=Spiritual Canoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandemonium_(Loudness_album)=Pandemonium (Loudness)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wordshaker=Wordshaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Flames=Old Flames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sings_a_String_of_Harold_Arlen=Sings a String of Harold Arlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_the_Royal_Albert_Hall=Live from the Royal Albert Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biosphere_(album)=Biosphere (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racing_(album)=Racing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wooden_Box_(album)=The Candlelight Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Sings_for_Two=Tony Sings for Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Measures_(Hollywood_Undead_album)=Desperate Measures (Hollywood Undead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_in_Love_with_Jazz=Falling in Love with Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirens_of_the_Sea_Remixed=Sirens of the Sea Remixed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venom_'96=Venom '96
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stir_the_Blood=Stir the Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_(Jamie_Walters_album)=Ride (Jamie Walters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Bassey_(album)=Shirley Bassey (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Solo_Album=The Solo Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jackson's_This_Is_It_(album)=The Music That Inspired The Movie: Michael Jackson's This Is It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Bassey_at_the_Pigalle=Shirley Bassey at the Pigalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singles_Collection_(Britney_Spears_album)=The Singles Collection (Britney Spears)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_(Union_album)=Union (Union)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Room_(album)=The Blue Room (Union)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dondestan=Dondestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Biscuit_Flower_Hour_Presents_Greg_Lake_in_Concert=King Biscuit Flower Hour Presents Greg Lake in Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Want_to_Go_to_School=I Don't Want to Go to School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Needle_in_a_Slunk_Stack=Needle in a Slunk Stack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Stop_the_Carnival_(Sonny_Rollins_album)=Don't Stop the Carnival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Living_(Sonny_Rollins_album)=Easy Living (Sonny Rollins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRM_(album)=IRM (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_Pacific_Time:_The_AP/EP=Lost in Pacific Time: The AP/EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Element_of_Freedom=The Element of Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Business_Doing_Pleasure=It's a Business Doing Pleasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_Rock_and_Roll=The Power of Rock and Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduated_Fool=Graduated Fool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wounded_(Enchant_album)=Wounded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Last_(Enchant_album)=Live at Last (Enchant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Stops_the_Shows=Shirley Stops the Shows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nucleus_(Sonny_Rollins_album)=Nucleus (Sonny Rollins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believed=Believed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Cuts_(Paul_McCartney_album)=Hot Hits - Cold Cuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Terror=Love and Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1989_(Jacopo_Sarno_album)=1989 (Jacopo Sarno)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfie_(Sonny_Rollins_album)=Alfie (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Size_(B.B._King_album)=King Size
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_BQE_(soundtrack)=The BQE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Sure_You're_Home_for_Christmas=Make Sure You're Home for Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Place_Vendome_(Place_Vendome_album)=Place Vendome (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_a_Million_Shades=Love in a Million Shades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashmob_(album)=Flashmob (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_(B'z_album)=Magic (B'z)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_(Ocean_Colour_Scene_album)=Saturday (Ocean Colour Scene)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horn_Culture=Horn Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Got_a_Song_for_You=I've Got a Song for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Christmas=My Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_(Joan_as_Policewoman_album)=Cover (Joan as Policewoman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Side_Up=Sonny Side Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backtracks_(AC/DC_album)=Backtracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Evening_New_York_City=Good Evening New York City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Men=Working Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Time_(Max_Roach_album)=It's Time (Max Roach)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Rollins_on_Impulse!=Sonny Rollins on Impulse!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now's_the_Time_(Sonny_Rollins_album)=Now's the Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Rollins_and_the_Contemporary_Leaders=Sonny Rollins and the Contemporary Leaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_Assault=Japanese Assault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Madison_Square_Garden_1978=Live at Madison Square Garden 1978
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Victoria_Station=Destination Victoria Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Aces=All the Aces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valoissa=Valoissa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_Yello=Touch Yello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neo_Geo_(album)=Neo Geo (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Suite_(Sonny_Rollins_album)=Freedom Suite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Thrill=The Big Thrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2032_(album)=2032 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_(DJ_Khaled_album)=Victory (DJ Khaled)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excalibur_(Tom_Fogerty_album)=Excalibur (Tom Fogerty)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Reality_Tour_(album)=A Reality Tour (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_for_the_Rest_of_Us=Something for the Rest of Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IV:_Deasupra_tuturor=IV: Deasupra tuturor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowfall:_The_Tony_Bennett_Christmas_Album=Snowfall: The Tony Bennett Christmas Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigh_No_More_(Mumford_&_Sons_album)=Sigh No More (Mumford & Sons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_We_Were_Lovers=And We Were Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Camino_del_Fuego=El camino del fuego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Rollins_with_the_Modern_Jazz_Quartet=Sonny Rollins with The Modern Jazz Quartet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moving_Out_(album)=Moving Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Cartier=De Cartier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollins_Plays_for_Bird=Rollins Plays for Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splitting_the_Atom=Splitting the Atom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Sing_the_Blues=Born to Sing the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mudvayne_(album)=Mudvayne (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_/_London:_Testament=Paris / London: Testament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_de_Force_(Sonny_Rollins_album)=Tour de Force (Sonny Rollins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funhouse_Tour:_Live_in_Australia=Funhouse Tour: Live in Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Scarface=The Best of Scarface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Bee_Gees=The Ultimate Bee Gees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterdays_(Keith_Jarrett_album)=Yesterdays (Keith Jarrett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelonious_Monk_and_Sonny_Rollins=Thelonious Monk and Sonny Rollins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starve_for_the_Devil=Starve for the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Songs_(Ronan_Keating_album)=Winter Songs (Ronan Keating)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slope_(album)=Slope (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Faster=A Little Faster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_of_Origin_(There_for_Tomorrow_album)=Point of Origin (There for Tomorrow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chayanne_(1988_album)=Chayanne (album 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bewitching_Miss_Bassey=The Bewitching Miss Bassey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ash_Ra_Tempel_(album)=Ash Ra Tempel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Depression_(DMX_album)=The Great Depression (DMX)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contagion_(Arena_album)=Contagion (Arena)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Young_Money=We Are Young Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_(Ruby_album)=Ruby (Tom Fogerty)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_&_Roll_Madness=Rock & Roll Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal_It_Out=Deal It Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precious_Gems=Precious Gems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Ghosts=Digital Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presenting_Cannonball_Adderley=Presenting Cannonball Adderley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_%22Cannonball%22_Adderley_(album)=Julian "Cannonball" Adderley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Cannonball_Adderley_and_Strings=Julian Cannonball Adderley and Strings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Can_of_Bees=A Can of Bees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychic_Chasms=Psychic Chasms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocky_&_Confident=Cocky & Confident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dining_with_the_Sharks=Dining with the Sharks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Land_of_Hi-Fi_with_Julian_Cannonball_Adderley=In the Land of Hi-Fi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophisticated_Swing=Sophisticated Swing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannonball's_Sharpshooters=Cannonball's Sharpshooters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_of_Cannonball=Portrait of Cannonball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stupida=Stupida (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Evening_with_Belafonte/Mouskouri=An Evening with Belafonte/Mouskouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_We_Are=Where We Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostdini:_Wizard_of_Poetry_in_Emerald_City=Ghostdini: Wizard of Poetry in Emerald City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vagabond_Bones=Vagabond Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senza_nuvole=Senza nuvole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inseparable_(album)=Inseparable (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love%3F=Love?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am..._Yours:_An_Intimate_Performance_at_Wynn_Las_Vegas=I Am... Yours: An Intimate Performance at Wynn Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Night_on_Earth:_Live_in_Tokyo=Last Night on Earth: Live in Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reload_(Metallica_album)=ReLoad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extended_Versions_(10,000_Maniacs_album)=Extended Versions (10,000 Maniacs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rated_R_(Rihanna_album)=Rated R (Rihanna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retroactive_(album)=Retroactive (Grand Puba)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ollusion=Ollusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anthem_(album)=The Anthem (Darin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contracorriente=Contracorriente (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blakroc=Blakroc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smile_Kid=Smile Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Platinum_Collection_(Sandra_album)=The Platinum Collection (Sandra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricidad=Electricidad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_How_I_Feel=This Is How I Feel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_It_Like_That_(album)=Like It Like That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump_for_Joy_(Cannonball_Adderley_album)=Jump for Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Remains_(As_It_Never_Was)=Everything Remains (As It Never Was)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Spring_(album)=Blue Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannonball_Adderley_Quintet_in_Chicago=Cannonball Adderley Quintet in Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannonball_Takes_Charge=Cannonball Takes Charge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannonball_Adderley_and_the_Poll-Winners=Cannonball Adderley and the Poll Winners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazardous_(album)=Hazardous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plus_(Cannonball_Adderley_Quintet_album)=Plus (Cannonball Adderley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannonball_in_Europe!=Cannonball in Europe!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Your_Entertainment_(album)=For Your Entertainment (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_Times_(album)=End Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_(Electric_Six_album)=KILL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_More_(Spandau_Ballet_album)=Once More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revisions_(album)=Revisions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_Delirio=Mi Delirio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Soul=Nippon Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Leaves_(Cannonball_Adderley_album)=Autumn Leaves (Cannonball Adderley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannonball_Adderley_Live!=Cannonball Adderley Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tender,_the_Moving,_the_Swinging_Aretha_Franklin=The Tender, The Moving, The Swinging Aretha Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Dream=Teen Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Blood=Odd Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crac!=Crac! (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throw_the_Warped_Wheel_Out=Throw the Warped Wheel Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maledetti_(Maudits)=Maledetti (maudits)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anto/Logicamente=Anto/Logicamente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Train_Home_EP=Last Train Home EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1978_Gli_Dei_Se_Ne_Vanno,_Gli_Arrabbiati_Restano!=1978 gli dei se ne vanno, gli arrabbiati restano!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_&_Mirrors_(Lifehouse_album)=Smoke & Mirrors (Lifehouse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_Allen_(album)=Kris Allen (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_(Pet_Shop_Boys_album)=Party (Pet Shop Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poema_de_Amor=Poema de Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Like_You_(Allison_Iraheta_album)=Just Like You (Allison Iraheta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Them_Crooked_Vultures_(album)=Them Crooked Vultures (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_(Bros_album)=The Time (Bros)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee:_The_Music,_Volume_1=Glee: The Music, Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee:_The_Music,_Volume_2=Glee: The Music, Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_State_vs._Radric_Davis=The State vs. Radric Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unholy_Terror=The Unholy Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believe_(Orianthi_album)=Believe (Orianthi Panagaris)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_Is_Boring=Romance Is Boring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changing_Faces_(Bros_album)=Changing Faces (Bros)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counterpoints_(Argent_album)=Counterpoints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_Seven=Song of Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannonball_Adderley's_Fiddler_on_the_Roof=Cannonball Adderley's Fiddler on the Roof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live!_(The_Beau_Brummels_album)=Beau Brummels Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Future_Our_Clutter=Your Future Our Clutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Castle=Night Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Courage_of_Others=The Courage of Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_(Elisa_album)=Heart (Elisa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpe_Diem_(Heavenly_album)=Carpe Diem (Heavenly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Person_(Cannonball_Adderley_album)=In Person (Cannonball Adderley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accent_on_Africa=Accent on Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tic&Tac=Tic & Tac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linoleum_(EP)=Linoleum (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highest_Hopes:_The_Best_of_Nightwish=Highest Hopes - The Best of Nightwish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quidam_(album)=Quidam (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scissors_Cut=Scissors Cut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_Garfunkel_Album=The Art Garfunkel Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lefty_(album)=Lefty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_Modern=History of Modern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfunkel_(album)=Garfunkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punk_Goes_Classic_Rock=Punk Goes Classic Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_4:_Songs_in_the_Key_of_Love_&_Hate=Volume 4: Songs in the Key of Love & Hate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cannonball_Adderley_Quintet_&_Orchestra=The Cannonball Adderley Quintet & Orchestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_Sex,_and_the_Zodiac=Love, Sex, and the Zodiac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tune_In,_Tokyo...=Tune In, Tokyo...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_That_Ate_Floyd=The Thing That Ate Floyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infestation_(album)=Infestation (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Babys_Revenge=City Baby's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonjour_(album)=Bonjour (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inner_Mystique=The Inner Mystique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Earthquakes=Little Earthquakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_(The_Black_Heart_Procession_album)=Six (The Black Heart Procession)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremd_im_eigenen_Land_(album)=Fremd im eigenen Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halford_III:_Winter_Songs=Halford 3 - Winter Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violet_Journey=Violet Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_Therapy:_The_Session=Sex Therapy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Than_Just_a_DJ=More Than Just a DJ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Waltz=African Waltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happy_People=The Happy People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironbound_(album)=Ironbound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belafonte_Sings_of_Love=Belafonte Sings of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Messiah=The Black Messiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Straight_(album)=Inside Straight (Cannonball Adderley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Madison_Square_Garden=Live at Madison Square Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_Up_(Cypress_Hill_album)=Rise Up (Cypress Hill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_in_Space=Walking in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Is_Love_in_You=There Is Love in You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Isle_of_Wight_1970_(Leonard_Cohen_album)=Live at the Isle of Wight 1970
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Is_the_Essence_of_Christmas=Home Is the Essence of Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreaker_(G-Dragon_album)=Heartbreaker (album G-Dragon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_London_(George_Michael_video)=George Michael Live in London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_(Pet_Shop_Boys_EP)=Christmas (Pet Shop Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollies_Sing_Dylan=Hollies Sing Dylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graveyard_Classics_3=Graveyard Classics III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JLS_(album)=JLS (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Way_(Hana_Pestle_album)=This Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V.I.P._(album)=V.I.P. (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Let=To Let
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Meets_World_(album)=Boy Meets World (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_OK_to_Listen_to_the_Gray_Voice=It's OK to Listen to the Gray Voice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery!=Discovery!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Reino_Olvidado=El reino olvidado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Masses_(Hadouken!_album)=For the Masses (Hadouken!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Life_Stand=One Life Stand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanize=Mechanize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emptiness_(album)=The Emptiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_&_Hot_(Best_of_Bon_Jovi)=Hard & Hot (Best of Bon Jovi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Constant_(Story_of_the_Year_album)=The Constant (Story of the Year)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_Coast_Punk_EP=Left Coast Punk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Metal_Fruit=Heavy Metal Fruit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_We_Belong_(album)=Where We Belong (Boyzone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rata_Blanca_(album)=Rata Blanca (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pronounced_Jah-Nay=Pronounced Jah-Nay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_a_Woman_Loves_(album)=When a Woman Loves (Patti LaBelle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeless_Journey=Timeless Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tear_the_Signs_Down=Tear the Signs Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Hut,_to_the_Projects,_to_the_Mansion=From the Hut, to the Projects, to the Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_Me_Down=Hold Me Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nifelvind=Nifelvind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocaine_(album)=Cocaine (Z-Ro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperado_(Pat_Martino_album)=Desperado (Pat Martino)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight_(TobyMac_album)=Tonight (TobyMac)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Cats_and_Amputees=Burning Cats and Amputees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Past_Future=Past - Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_(Kesha_album)=Animal (Kesha)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_(album)=Sophie (BulletBoys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Orange_Curtain=Behind the Orange Curtain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Live_World_Tour_09=Laura Live World Tour 09
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6_Pieces_of_Silver=6 Pieces of Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stylings_of_Silver=The Stylings of Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finger_Poppin'=Finger Poppin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_9_/_New_Skin=Focus 9/New Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realism_(The_Magnetic_Fields_album)=Realism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y_Not=Y Not
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Within_(album)=From Within (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapters_(Anekdoten_album)=Chapters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambition_(Tommy_Shaw_album)=Ambition (Tommy Shaw)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doin'_the_Thing=Doin' the Thing: The Horace Silver Quintet at the Village Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon_TV_Soundtrack_Collection=Terebi anime 30 shūnen kinen - Doraemon terebi shudaika taizenshū
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottle_O'Geer=Gottle O'Geer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_in_Babylon=Born In Babylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frozen_Tears_of_Angels=The Frozen Tears of Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulligan_Meets_Monk=Mulligan Meets Monk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Those_Who_Wait=For Those Who Wait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_&_Gold=Red & Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avatar:_Music_from_the_Motion_Picture=Avatar: Music from the Motion Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tokyo_Blues=The Tokyo Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver's_Serenade=Silver's Serenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serenade_to_a_Soul_Sister=Serenade to a Soul Sister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Gotta_Take_a_Little_Love=You Gotta Take a Little Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wicked_Symphony=The Wicked Symphony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_of_Babylon=Angel of Babylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sting_in_the_Tail=Sting in the Tail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Response=The United States of Mind Phase 2: Total Response
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Home_Verona=Sweet Home Verona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_(Horace_Silver_album)=The United States of Mind Phase 3: All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal_or_No_Deal_(album)=Deal or No Deal (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_of_the_Wild_(D-A-D_album)=Call of the Wild (D-A-D)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classics_(Era_album)=Classics (Era)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_on_Earth=Fun on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_'n_Brass=Silver 'n Brass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_(Nico_Touches_the_Walls_album)=Aurora (Nico Touches the Walls)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promise_and_Terror=Promise and Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_'n_Wood=Silver 'n Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_'n_Voices=Silver 'n Voices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch_My_Back=Scratch My Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_'n_Percussion=Silver 'n Percussion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_Know_Place_Like_Home=There's Know Place Like Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_'n_Strings_Play_the_Music_of_the_Spheres=Silver 'n Strings Play the Music of the Spheres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Knows_Where_the_Time_Goes%3F_(Fairport_Convention_album)=Who Knows Where the Time Goes? (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tons_of_Friends=Tons of Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_Boys_in_the_Jet_Age=Beat Boys in the Jet Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wood_and_the_Wire=The Wood and the Wire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Pieces_Vol.II_Live_in_the_Seventies=Time Pieces Vol.II Live in the Seventies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/False_Priest=False Priest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambience_(album)=Ambience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_Sweet!_Nice_to_Meet_You=Life Is Sweet! Nice to Meet You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.o.B_Presents:_The_Adventures_of_Bobby_Ray=B.o.B Presents: The Adventures of Bobby Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamonds_&_Studs=Diamonds & Studs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiritualizing_the_Senses=Spiritualizing the Senses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_No_Need_to_Struggle=There's No Need to Struggle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Continuity_of_Spirit=The Continuity of Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_to_Ease_Your_Disease=Music to Ease Your Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_the_Devil's_Tattoo=Beat the Devil's Tattoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulse_(Toni_Braxton_album)=Pulse (Toni Braxton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plastic_Beach=Plastic Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_I_Am_(Nick_Jonas_&_the_Administration_album)=Who I Am (album Nick Jonas & the Administration)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver's_Blue=Silver's Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Got_to_Be_Funky=It's Got to Be Funky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pencil_Packin'_Papa=Pencil Packin' Papa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Prescription_for_the_Blues=A Prescription for the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Cobra=Gold Cobra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_To-Do=The Big To-Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11_Transistor=11 Transistor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubilee_(Versailles_album)=JUBILEE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voodoo_(Alexz_Johnson_album)=Voodoo (Alexz Johnson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philly_'76=Philly '76
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quartet/Quintet/Sextet=Quartet/Quintet/Sextet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wailing_With_Lou=Wailing with Lou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Jewels_(Marina_and_the_Diamonds_album)=The Family Jewels (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_First_(Goldfrapp_album)=Head First (Goldfrapp)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hits_(Seal_album)=Hits (Seal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_(Corinne_Bailey_Rae_album)=The Sea (Corinne Bailey Rae)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_Needs_Love=A Woman Needs Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immersion_(album)=Immersion (Pendulum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Addiction=This Addiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_of_Love_(album)=Soldier of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_Party=Echo Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Train_(EP)=Night Train (Keane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LD_+_3=LD+3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Is_Right=The Time Is Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_Side_Up_(Lou_Donaldson_album)=Sunny Side Up (Lou Donaldson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentleman_cambrioleur=Gentleman cambrioleur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Is_Love%3F_(Never_Shout_Never_album)=What Is Love? (album Never Shout Never)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorky_Park_(album)=Gorky Park (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_(album)=Falcon (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marathon_(Saga_album)=Marathon (Saga)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Circle_(Saga_album)=Full Circle (Saga)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasure_&_the_Pain=Pleasure & the Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_13=Generation 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_Umbrellas=Steel Umbrellas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Security_of_Illusion=The Security of Illusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beginner's_Guide_to_Throwing_Shapes=The Beginner's Guide to Throwing Shapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Words=3 Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glitter_and_Doom_Live=Glitter and Doom Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nena_(album)=Nena (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Black_Rainbow=Year of the Black Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Sun_(Lou_Donaldson_album)=Midnight Sun (Lou Donaldson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_'Tis=Here 'Tis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_With_a_Horn=A Man with a Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Magic_(album)=Winter Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Natural_Soul=The Natural Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Gracious!=Good Gracious!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signifyin'_(album)=Signifyin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belus_(album)=Belus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Need_You_Now_(Lady_Antebellum_album)=Need You Now (album Lady Antebellum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_Church=Downtown Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vexillology_(album)=Vexillology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_the_Void=We Are the Void
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smooth_Up_in_Ya:_The_Best_of_the_Bulletboys=Smooth Up in Ya: The Best of the Bulletboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afro/American_Sketches=Afro/American Sketches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ornette!=Ornette!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cole_Slaw=Cole Slaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_House_Blues=Rough House Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possum_Head=Possum Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musty_Rusty=Musty Rusty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcachofa_(album)=Alcachofa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fried_Buzzard=Fried Buzzard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blowing_in_the_Wind_(album)=Blowing in the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Donaldson_at_His_Best=At His Best (Lou Donaldson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alligator_Bogaloo=Alligator Bogaloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throne_to_the_Wolves=Throne to the Wolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emociones_(Julio_Iglesias_album)=Emociones (Julio Iglesias)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Impact_(album)=High Impact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirror_of_Souls=Mirror of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mis-Teeq:_Greatest_Hits=Mis-Teeq: Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Hopeful_Machines=These Hopeful Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exister=Exister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kollaps_Tradixionales=Kollaps Tradixionales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Live_Session=Paris Live Session
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Shing-A-Ling=Mr. Shing-A-Ling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Creeper=Midnight Creeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_It_Loud!=Say It Loud!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_I_Play_Is_Funky=Everything I Play Is Funky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Things_(album)=Pretty Things (Lou Donaldson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Platinum_Collection_(Enigma_album)=The Platinum Collection (Enigma)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianizm=Gianizm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scorpion_(album)=The Scorpion (Live at the Cadillac Club)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pretty_Things_(album)=The Pretty Things (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmos_(Lou_Donaldson_album)=Cosmos (Lou Donaldson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophisticated_Lou=Sophisticated Lou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_in_Good_Time_(Barenaked_Ladies_album)=All in Good Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sassy_Soul_Strut=Sassy Soul Strut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Lou_(album)=Sweet Lou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Different_Scene=A Different Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_Value_II=Shock Value II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Underworld_Regime=The Underworld Regime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_as_a_Way_of_Life=Color as a Way of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_Man_(album)=Forgotten Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Street_(album)=Back Street (Lou Donaldson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_the_Right_Thing=Play the Right Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdseed_(album)=Birdseed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Metal!=To the Metal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Dance_(EP)=First Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Snow_(EP)=Let It Snow!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Amerykah_Part_Two_(Return_of_the_Ankh)=New Amerykah Part Two (Return of the Ankh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuori_agitati=Cuori agitati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Days_Are_Nights:_Songs_for_Lulu=All Days Are Nights: Songs for Lulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caracas_(album)=Caracas (Lou Donaldson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentimental_Journey_(Lou_Donaldson_album)=Sentimental Journey (Lou Donaldson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuovi_eroi=Nuovi eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aealo=Aealo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chappaqua_Suite=Chappaqua Suite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_certi_momenti=In certi momenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Regret=Without Regret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunburst_Finish_(album)=Sunburst Finish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_ogni_senso=In ogni senso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relaxing_at_Sea:_Live_on_the_QE2=Relaxing at Sea: Live on the QE2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eros_(Eros_Ramazzotti_album)=Eros (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stilelibero=Stilelibero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_(Eros_Ramazzotti_album)=9 (Eros Ramazzotti)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang_Cool_Teddy_Bear=Hang Cool Teddy Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunita=Lunita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monitor_(album)=The Monitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(The_Who_album)=Greatest Hits (The Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Best_Single_+3=Every Best Single +3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_High!=Sky High!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Born=We Are Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Budokan=Back to Budokan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Dragon_(Busta_Rhymes_album)=Year of the Dragon (Busta Rhymes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dial_%22S%22_for_Sonny=Dial "S" for Sonny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Clark_Quintets=Sonny Clark Quintets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Noise=Kingdom of Noise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Underfall_Yard=The Underfall Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_One_(Adam_Lambert_album)=Take One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Conception=My Conception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y._(Bebe_album)=Y.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1998_at_the_Star_Club=1998 at the Star Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribe_of_Force=Tribe of Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepper's_Ghost_(Arena_album)=Pepper's Ghost (Arena)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velkommen_til_Medina=Velkommen til Medina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_God,_I_Hate_Myself=Dear God, I Hate Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_Tone=Flesh Tone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flamingo_(Flamin'_Groovies_album)=Flamingo (Flamin' Groovies)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supersnazz=Supersnazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Water-Line=Under the Water-Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Bells_(album)=Broken Bells (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strike!_(album)=Strike! (The Baseballs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Waits_to_Be_Noticed=Everything Waits to Be Noticed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creed_Live=Creed Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Frontier=The Final Frontier (Iron Maiden)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loose_Shoes_and_Tight_Pussy=Loose Shoes and Tight Pussy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_(Blue_System_album)=Twilight (Blue System)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsession_(Blue_System_album)=Obsession (Blue System)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeds_of_Heaven=Seeds of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_VI:_Ain't_No_Grave=American VI: Ain't No Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eparistera_Daimones=Eparistera Daimones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Agent_(album)=Free Agent (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_America_(album)=Hello America (Blue System)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backstreet_Dreams_(album)=Backstreet Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21st_Century_(Blue_System_album)=21st Century (Blue System)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Blue_(Blue_System_album)=Forever Blue (Blue System)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_I_Am_(Blue_System_album)=Here I Am (Blue System)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axe_Victim=Axe Victim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Derulo_(album)=Jason Derülo (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Worst..._The_Best_of_Boy_George_and_Culture_Club=At Worst... The Best of Boy George and Culture Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amigo_(Arlo_Guthrie_album)=Amigo (Arlo Guthrie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_(Oleta_Adams_album)=Evolution (Oleta Adams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Head's_Family_Reunion=Mother Head's Family Reunion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comin'_Your_Way=Comin' Your Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_at_%22Minton's%22=Up at Minton's, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_of_the_World=Enemy of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweep_of_Days=Sweep of Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZT's_Blues=Z.T.'s Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubilee_Shout!!!=Jubilee Shout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Let_Me_Go_(Stanley_Turrentine_album)=Never Let Me Go (Stanley Turrentine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Chip_Off_the_Old_Block_(album)=A Chip Off the Old Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Gauge_(Kalmah_album)=12 Gauge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_Affairs=Sex Affairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Scraped=Get Scraped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hustlin'_(album)=Hustlin' (Stanley Turrentine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Memory_Of_(Stanley_Turrentine_album)=In Memory Of (Stanley Turrentine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_'n'_Tumble=Rough 'n' Tumble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Walker=Easy Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bluish_Bag=A Bluish Bag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Prodigal_Son_(album)=The Return of the Prodigal Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Look_of_Love_(Stanley_Turrentine_album)=The Look of Love (Stanley Turrentine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Wants_to_Be_on_TV=Everybody Wants to Be on TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Flies_on_Sherbert=Like Flies on Sherbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sloe_Gin_(album)=Sloe Gin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_&_Me_(Joe_Bonamassa_album)=You & Me (Joe Bonamassa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minor_Love=Minor Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Mice_&_Men_(album)=Of Mice & Men (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Touch=Common Touch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Is_a_Thorn=The World Is a Thorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Something_There=Always Something There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Story_(Stanley_Turrentine_album)=Another Story (Stanley Turrentine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defamation_of_Strickland_Banks=The Defamation of Strickland Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tashan_Dorrsett=Tashan Dorrsett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emotional_Plague=The Emotional Plague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Not_a_Dick=This Is Not a Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_like_This=Fire Like This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_'n'_Roll_Prophet=Rock 'n' Roll Prophet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_(Ihsahn_album)=After (Ihsahn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malpractice_(Dr._Feelgood_album)=Malpractice (Dr. Feelgood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identity_(BoA_album)=Identity (BoA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_in_Tokyo=Miles in Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_(Meshuggah_video)=Alive (Meshuggah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valleys_of_Neptune=Valleys of Neptune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dove_si_vola_(album)=Dove si vola (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_Is_the_Hour_(Jennifer_Rush_album)=Now Is the Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Shepperton_'74=Live at Shepperton '74
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sticky_&_Sweet_Tour_(album)=Sticky & Sweet Tour (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_Attack!_(album)=Attack Attack! (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snakes_for_the_Divine=Snakes for the Divine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acolyte_(album)=Acolyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_World_2.0=My World 2.0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tourist_History=Tourist History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_(Gabriella_Cilmi_album)=Ten (Gabriella Cilmi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voices_&_Images=Voices & Images
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oversteps_(album)=Oversteps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indifferenze=In differenze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scomposta=Scomposta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Story:_25_Years_of_Hits=Story: 25 Years of Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_Song=Salt Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Go_(Stanley_Turrentine_album)=Let It Go (Stanley Turrentine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandemonium_(Pet_Shop_Boys_album)=Pandemonium: Live at the O2 Arena, London, 21st December 2009
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_The_Music:_A_New_Day,_Vol._10=WWE The Music: A New Day, Vol. 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Property_(soundtrack)=State Property (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisterworld=Sisterworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackjazz=Blackjazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Grass=Killer Grass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_(perfume)=Heat (profumo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20th_Century_Blues_(Marianne_Faithfull_album)=20th Century Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Replay_(Iyaz_album)=Replay (album Iyaz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_au_Printemps=Paris au Printemps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Doghouse=King of the Doghouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Our_Minds=Out of Our Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_King=Love King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Toes_Down=Ten Toes Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_of_Dreams_(album)=Pieces of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Pocket_(Stanley_Turrentine_album)=In the Pocket (Stanley Turrentine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolcenera_nel_paese_delle_meraviglie=Dolcenera nel Paese delle Meraviglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You've_Got_It_Bad_Girl=You've Got It Bad Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Me_(Al_Green_album)=Call Me (Al Green)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotion_&_Commotion=Emotion & Commotion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Story_(Fiction_Factory_album)=Another Story (Fiction Factory)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribalism_(album)=Tribalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_doma=In doma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh!_(Girls'_Generation_album)=Oh! (album Girls' Generation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Day_Memory=Cold Day Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Introduction_to_Ellie_Goulding=An Introduction to Ellie Goulding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Love_(Yiruma_album)=First Love (Yiruma)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow,_in_a_Year=Tomorrow, in a Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Original_Soul_of_Michael_Jackson=The Original Soul of Michael Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Based_on_a_True_Story_(Sick_of_It_All_album)=Based on a True Story (Sick of It All)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_We_Wish_We'd_Written=Songs We Wish We'd Written
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haywire_(Josh_Turner_album)=Haywire (Josh Turner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Sounds_Great,_Good_Sounds_Good,_So-so_Sounds_So-so,_Bad_Sounds_Bad,_Rotten_Sounds_Rotten=Great Sounds Great, Good Sounds Good, So-So Sounds So-So, Bad Sounds Bad, Rotten Sounds Rotten!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_for_Haiti_Now_(album)=Hope for Haiti Now (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_of_Christmas_(Nat_King_Cole_album)=The Magic of Christmas (Nat King Cole)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dekadens=Dekadens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swim_(Caribou_album)=Swim (Caribou)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_the_Silence_(EP)=Breaking the Silence (The Letter Black)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signed_Sealed_Delivered_(album)=Signed Sealed Delivered (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Man_2_(soundtrack)=Iron Man 2 (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One-Armed_Bandit_(album)=One-Armed Bandit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NonStopErotik=NonStopErotik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Ella_Fitzgerald_&_Mr_Gordon_Jenkins_Invite_You_to_Listen_and_Relax=Miss Ella Fitzgerald & Mr Gordon Jenkins Invite You to Listen and Relax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Another_Way_to_Say_I_Love_You=Just Another Way to Say I Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_This_Whatcha_Wont%3F=Is This Whatcha Wont?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_White_Sings_for_Someone_You_Love=Barry White Sings for Someone You Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Got_So_Much_to_Give_(album)=I've Got So Much to Give
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_(Barry_White_album)=The Man (Barry White)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Help_the_Child=Heaven Help the Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deleted_Scenes_from_the_Cutting_Room_Floor=Deleted Scenes from the Cutting Room Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_to_Sing_the_Songs_I_Sing=I Love to Sing the Songs I Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Is_Back!=The Man Is Back!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_Night_&_Barry_White=The Right Night & Barry White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_I'll_Scratch_Yours=And I'll Scratch Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remixed_(Alicia_Keys_album)=Remixed (Alicia Keys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sol_Madrid=Con le spalle al muro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_Infinite_Obscurity=Into Infinite Obscurity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exquisite_Corpse_(EP)=Exquisite Corpse (Warpaint)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ylem_(album)=Ylem (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Icon_Is_Love=The Icon Is Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Jazz_Standards=Great Jazz Standards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caught_in_a_Life=Caught in a Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staying_Power_(album)=Staying Power (album Barry White)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Crooked_Lake=At Crooked Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Moon_(album)=Crazy Moon (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Curious_Thing=A Curious Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unexpected_Guests=Unexpected Guests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_and_Spice_(The_Searchers_album)=Sugar & Spice (The Searchers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freight_Train_(album)=Freight Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lights_(Ellie_Goulding_album)=Lights (album Ellie Goulding)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankoku_butoh=Ankoku Butoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Proof:_The_Hangover=100 Proof: The Hangover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poe:_More_Tales_of_Mystery_and_Imagination=Poe: More Tales of Mystery and Imagination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmine_Meo=Carmine Meo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etterna=Etterna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Paris:_I_Just_Wanna_Rock=Live in Paris: I Just Wanna Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleeding_Through_(album)=Bleeding Through (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Men_Without_Hats=The Very Best of Men Without Hats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Hats=Live Hats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_Between_the_Sky=Shadows Between the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_(Boyzone_album)=Brother (Boyzone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_(Rockets_album)=Galaxy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Stop_(Rockets_album)=Don't Stop (Rockets)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Based_on_a_True_Story_(Trick_Daddy_album)=Based on a True Story (Trick Daddy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_You_(I_Feel_Good)_(album)=I Got You (I Feel Good) (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitra_Ahra_(album)=Sitra Ahra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Light_(Groove_Armada_album)=Black Light (Groove Armada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chaos_(album)=The Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Sinatra's_Greatest_Hits=Frank Sinatra's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majesty_and_Decay=Majesty and Decay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believe_(Girlschool_album)=Believe (Girlschool)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Sinatra's_Greatest_Hits,_Vol._2=Frank Sinatra's Greatest Hits, Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Eyes=Diamond Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tauhid_(album)=Tauhid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles:_The_Collection=The Beatles: The Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cherrytree_Sessions_(Lady_Gaga_EP)=The Cherrytree Sessions (Lady Gaga)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survival_Story=Survival Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_New_Here=I'm New Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Geto_Boys_album)=Greatest Hits (Geto Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Inventions=Our Inventions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_First_Album=Absolute First Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Burton_Cummings_Theatre=Live at the Burton Cummings Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_the_Tainted_Cherry_Tree=Songs from the Tainted Cherry Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conversions:_A_K&D_Selection=Conversions: A K&D Selection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moving_Forward_in_Reverse:_Greatest_Hits=Moving Forward in Reverse: Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Night_(Dream_Evil_album)=In the Night (Dream Evil)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oi_Va_Voi_(album)=Oi Va Voi (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melting_in_the_Dark=Melting in the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instant_Star_soundtracks=Instant Star: Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Did_the_Night_Fall=Where Did the Night Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartful=Heartful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_Smiling_(album)=Keep Smiling (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_Dreams_and_Denim_Jeans=Sex Dreams and Denim Jeans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine_II_Machine=Machine II Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manifesto_(Inspectah_Deck_album)=Manifesto (Inspectah Deck)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollie_(album)=Hollie (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Yggdrasil_Trembles=As Yggdrasil Trembles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_of_Light=Gravity of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Ghetto=American Ghetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lustdriven=Lustdriven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_of_the_Nations=Blood of the Nations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Nat=That's Nat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branching_Out=Branching Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Stage_(The_Exploited_album)=On Stage (The Exploited)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_the_Kitchen=Live from the Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_My_Me=10 My Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever_(Bullet_for_My_Valentine_album)=Fever (Bullet for My Valentine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Buono!=We Are Buono!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Beautiful_Dark_Twisted_Fantasy=My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Bag_(album)=In the Bag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liza_Minnelli_(album)=Liza Minnelli (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Saturday_Morning_(Liza_Minnelli_album)=Come Saturday Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu-Massacre=Wu-Massacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Feelin'=New Feelin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Ahead_Punk..._Make_My_Day=Go Ahead Punk, Make My Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bright_Midnight_Sampler=The Bright Midnight Sampler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Panic_Broadcast=The Panic Broadcast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Memory_Lane=Live at Memory Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You,_Baby=You, Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calling_Out_Loud=Calling Out Loud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melatonin_Magik=Melatonin Magik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_Theater=Twilight Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_Perfect_(Soil_album)=Picture Perfect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liza!_Liza!=Liza! Liza!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Amazes_Me=It Amazes Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.A.R._(We_Are_Renegades)=W.A.R. (We Are Renegades)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disneymania_7=DisneyMania 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Moon_(Kalafina_album)=Red Moon (Kalafina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everywhere_(Maaya_Sakamoto_album)=Everywhere (Maaya Sakamoto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventh_Heaven_(Kalafina_album)=Seventh Heaven (Kalafina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Re/Oblivious=Re/Oblivious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exhibit_B:_The_Human_Condition=Exhibit B: The Human Condition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Message_Is_Love=The Message Is Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Archipelago=The Golden Archipelago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovesick_Electric=Lovesick Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Is_a_Time=There Is a Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guessing_Game=The Guessing Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Cut=At the Cut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deth_Red_Sabaoth=Deth Red Sabaoth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/01:59PM=01:59PM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Dawn+Dream_II=...Dawn/Dream II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Life_Forever=Total Life Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_You're_Strange:_Music_from_the_Motion_Picture=When You're Strange: Music from the Motion Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longest_Year=The Longest Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_the_West=I Am the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever's_for_Us=Whatever's for Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demonoir=Demonoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cracks_(album)=Cracks (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giro_Apo_T'_Oneiro=Giro apo t'oneiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Oceans=Grey Oceans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feeding_the_Wolves_(10_Years_album)=Feeding the Wolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_of_Me_(Estelle_album)=All of Me (Estelle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Hollywood:_Highlights_from_the_Aquarius_Theater_Performances=Live in Hollywood: Highlights from the Aquarius Theatre Performances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_on_Lansdowne,_Boston_MA=Live on Lansdowne, Boston MA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backstage_and_Dangerous:_The_Private_Rehearsal=Backstage and Dangerous: The Private Rehearsal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Together_(The_New_Pornographers_album)=Together (The New Pornographers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Re_matto=Re matto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_(Frank_Sinatra_album)=Romance (Frank Sinatra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Hay_Imposibles=No hay imposibles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kommander_of_Kaos=Kommander of Kaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deffest!_and_Baddest!=Deffest and Baddest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_the_Wagons=Circle the Wagons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strong_(Thomas_Anders_album)=Strong (Thomas Anders)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concorde_(album)=Concorde (The Modern Jazz Quartet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tear_the_World_Down=Tear the World Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Mercy_(T.I._album)=No Mercy (T.I.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Best_Friend_Is_You=My Best Friend Is You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfume_and_Piss=Perfume and Piss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shout_It_Out_(Hanson_album)=Shout It Out (Hanson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Raza_(album)=La Raza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Malice=The Art of Malice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Uprising_(album)=April Uprising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saddle_Tramp_(album)=Saddle Tramp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Memory_Of..._(D:Ream_album)=In Memory Of...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stealers_Wheel_(album)=Stealers Wheel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooting_at_the_Sun=Shooting at the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splendor_in_the_Grass_(album)=Splendor in the Grass (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_to_Be_King=Time to Be King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Half_Tail=The Half Tail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitter_&_Sweet_Release_Tour_Final=Bitter & Sweet Release Tour Final
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Strange_Place=This Strange Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_'n'_Roll_Circus=Rock 'n' Roll Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_Be_Good_to_You=Let Me Be Good to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Violet=High Violet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgiveness_Rock_Record=Forgiveness Rock Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_(The_Black_Keys_album)=Brothers (The Black Keys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interpreting_the_Masters_Volume_1:_A_Tribute_to_Daryl_Hall_and_John_Oates=Interpreting the Masters Volume 1: A Tribute to Daryl Hall and John Oates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_to_Me_(Train_EP)=Get to Me EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_Through_Revolution=Evolution Through Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doom_of_Destiny=Doom of Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Hunt_(The_Tallest_Man_on_Earth_album)=The Wild Hunt (The Tallest Man on Earth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ark_(EP)=Racing with the Rabbits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_City_of_Angels=In the City of Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_Majeure_(Doro_album)=Force Majeure (Doro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_Swamps=Dinosaur Swamps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Out_(The_Flock_album)=Inside Out (The Flock)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinite_Arms=Infinite Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_Screamed_Murder=The Bride Screamed Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Speak_Because_I_Can=I Speak Because I Can
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Back_(album)=Going Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doro_(album)=Doro (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_Denmark_(album)=Queen of Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Your_Room_(Agua_de_Annique_album)=In Your Room (Agua de Annique)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menagerie_(album)=Menagerie (Bill Withers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preservation_Act_2=Preservation: Act 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ivory_Hunters=The Ivory Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Re-Traced=Re-Traced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Powerless_Rise=The Powerless Rise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Core=To the Core
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emprise_to_Avalon=Emprise to Avalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_Chances_World_Tour:_The_Concert=Taking Chances World Tour: The Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_at_Heart=True at Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live!_(Vinnie_Moore_album)=Live! (Vinnie Moore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collection:_The_Shrapnel_Years_(Vinnie_Moore_album)=Collection: The Shrapnel Years (Vinnie Moore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Zelda:_Ocarina_of_Time_(original_soundtrack)=Colonna sonora di The Legend of Zelda - Ocarina of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Singles=No Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holy_Bible_(album)=The Holy Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Played_in_Space:_The_Best_of_Something_Corporate=Played in Space: The Best of Something Corporate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_Never_Die=Angels Never Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Symmetry=The Sound of Simmetry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Venus_and_Back=To Venus and Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Crosses_(album)=White Crosses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sands=Black Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Way:_The_Best_of_Frank_Sinatra=My Way: The Best of Frank Sinatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Thing_Started_with_Rock_&_Roll_Now_It's_Out_of_Control=The Whole Thing Started with Rock & Roll Now It's Out of Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmogramma=Cosmogramma (Flying Lotus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmina_Burana_(album)=Carmina Burana (Ray Manzarek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Days_Diamond_Night=Golden Days Diamond Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Bout_Love='Bout Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiszeit_(album)=Eiszeit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_Your_Sleep=Leave Your Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aggro_Berlin_(album)=Aggro Berlin (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashy=Flashy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbie_Krieger_&_Friends=Robby Krieger & Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uni5:_The_World's_Enemy=Uni5: The World's Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinner_and_a_Movie_(album)=Dinner and a Movie (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparks_Fly_(album)=Sparks Fly (Miranda Cosgrove)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6th_Otakebi_Album=6th Otakebi Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Mornin'_Long=All Mornin' Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Goes_the_Knighthood=Bang Goes the Knighthood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Periphery_(album)=Periphery (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versions_(Robby_Krieger_album)=Versions (Robby Krieger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Habla=No Habla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reptilian_(album)=Reptilian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annihilator_(album)=Annihilator (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Getz_&_Bill_Evans=Stan Getz & Bill Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Slang=American Slang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sub_Focus_(album)=Sub Focus (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laws_of_Illusion=Laws of Illusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chet_(Chet_Baker_album)=Chet (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Sinatra_Christmas_Collection=Frank Sinatra Christmas Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_of_Cowards=Sea of Cowards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outbursts_(Turin_Brakes_album)=Outbursts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramshackled=Ramshackled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_Mr._Churchill=Thank You Mr. Churchill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statlanta=Statlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_the_Song_I've_Always_Wanted_to_Sing=You're the Song I've Always Wanted to Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(Sage_Francis_album)=Li(f)e
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_vs._The_Pipettes=Earth vs. The Pipettes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Near_Death_Experience_(Cro-Mags_album)=Near Death Experience (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_(Rah_Digga_album)=Classic (Rah Digga)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Platinum_Collection_(Nomadi_album)=The Platinum Collection (Nomadi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singles_Collection_Volume_3=Queen: The Singles Collection Volume 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenue_Retrievin':_Day_Shift=Revenue Retrievin': Day Shift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaia_III:_Atlantia=Gaia III: Atlantia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans-Continental_Hustle=Trans-Continental Hustle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Party_(Alexia_album)=The Party (Alexia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otra_Cosa=Otra cosa (Julieta Venegas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_(Alexia_album)=Happy (album Alexia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8Bit_Heart=8Bit Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeing_Eye_Dog=Seeing Eye Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essential_(Pet_Shop_Boys_album)=Essential (Pet Shop Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_St-Pier_(album)=Natasha St-Pier (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_Down_the_Road_(album)=Somewhere Down the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longest_Yard_(soundtrack)=L'altra sporca ultima meta (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolutions_per_Minute_(Reflection_Eternal_album)=Revolutions per Minute (Reflection Eternal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freak_Show_(album)=Freak Show (Silverchair)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Will_Smith_album)=Greatest Hits (Will Smith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_the_Sorrow=Sing the Sorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Full_Regalia=In Full Regalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_(Ozzy_Osbourne_album)=Scream (Ozzy Osbourne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Further_(The_Chemical_Brothers_album)=Further (The Chemical Brothers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Happening=This Is Happening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achin'_and_Shakin'=Achin' and Shakin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Were_Exploding_Anyway=We Were Exploding Anyway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whisper_Not_(Keith_Jarrett_album)=Whisper Not (Keith Jarrett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Night_of_My_Life=Best Night of My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Era_of_Corruption=A New Era of Corruption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Light_Fever_(Taylor_Hawkins_and_the_Coattail_Riders_album)=Red Light Fever (Taylor Hawkins and the Coattail Riders)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Cuore_A_Modo_Mio=Il cuore a modo mio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_for_Music=Mad for Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hits_(Alexia_album)=The Hits (Alexia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Grande_(album)=Da grande (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ale_(album)=Alé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Sea=To the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Night_at_St._Andrews=Friday Night at St. Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facemelter=Facemelter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Below_the_Belt_(Danko_Jones_album)=Below the Belt (Danko Jones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlemagne:_By_the_Sword_and_the_Cross=Charlemagne: By The Sword & The Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattress_Music=Mattress Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expo_86_(album)=Expo 86
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_(Bryan_Ferry_album)=Taxi (Bryan Ferry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Salt_One=Road Salt One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gli_Occhi_Grandi_Della_Luna=Gli occhi grandi della Luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexia_(album)=Alexia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamouna=Mamouna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazarus_(Travie_McCoy_album)=Lazarus (Travie McCoy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Muzik=For Muzik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Burton_&_Keith_Jarrett=Gary Burton & Keith Jarrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Salt_Two=Road Salt Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Foolish_Heart_(Keith_Jarrett_album)=My Foolish Heart (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Dokken_album)=Greatest Hits (Dokken)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Blowin'=Still Blowin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Melody_at_Night,_with_You=The Melody at Night, with You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Talk_Pt._1=Body Talk Pt. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Miles_from_Memphis=100 Miles from Memphis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fornever_(Murs_&_9th_Wonder_album)=Fornever (Murs & 9th Wonder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_of_Love_(Nova_album)=Wings of Love (Nova)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtues_(album)=Virtues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Machine_(album)=The Incredible Machine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retribution_(Obscura_album)=Retribution (Obscura)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plead_the_Fifth_(album)=Plead the Fifth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_a_Bone=Shake a Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_and_Clyde_(Serge_Gainsbourg_and_Brigitte_Bardot_album)=Bonnie and Clyde (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_You_Like_It=Hope You Like It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Be_Fooled_by_the_Name=Don't Be Fooled by the Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_the_World_(Geordie_album)=Save the World (Geordie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Good_Woman=No Good Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Sweat_(Geordie_album)=No Sweat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moderat_(album)=Moderat (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serious_Fun_(The_Knack_album)=Serious Fun (The Knack)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_DMX=The Best of DMX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Trip_(The_Knack_album)=Round Trip (The Knack)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_Knight_(soundtrack)=Il cavaliere del male (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeland_(Laurie_Anderson_album)=Homeland (Laurie Anderson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sings_Spirituals=Sings Spirituals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Alliance=Blood Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streets_of_Gold=Streets of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria_the_Great=Alexandria the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drums_(album)=The Drums (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almas_Transparentes=Almas transparentes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1st_Singles_Box=The 1st Singles Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Brand_Nubian=The Very Best of Brand Nubian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Disk=Magic Disk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Work_(album)=Night Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Castles_II=Crystal Castles (album 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Instinct_(album)=Basic Instinct (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunch_(album)=Lunch (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invictus_(Iconoclast_III)=Invictus (Iconoclast III)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_on_the_Hill_(album)=The House on the Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countdown_to_Nowhere=Countdown to Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Won't_Get_Fooled_Again_(EP)=Won't Get Fooled Again (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dedication_(Gary_U.S._Bonds_album)=Dedication (Gary U.S. Bonds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...But_the_Little_Girls_Understand=...But the Little Girls Understand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Line_(Gary_U.S._Bonds_album)=On the Line (Gary U.S. Bonds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rekreatur=Rekreatur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friend's_Friend's_Friend=Friend's Friend's Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis_Blues_(album)=Memphis Blues (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassins_DK_United=Assassins DK United
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Heard_Around_the_World=Party Heard Around the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hear_Me_Now_(Secondhand_Serenade_album)=Hear Me Now (Secondhand Serenade)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Runs_the_World_Away=So Runs the World Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Improvised_Electronic_Device=Improvised Electronic Device
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Learned_the_Hard_Way=I Learned the Hard Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenda_Russell_(album)=Brenda Russell (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plenty_of_Power=Plenty of Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimson_White_&_Indigo=Crimson White & Indigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charice_(album)=Charice (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_Cowboy_Bebop=Colonne sonore di Cowboy Bebop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amesoeurs_(album)=Amesoeurs (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aphrodite_(album)=Aphrodite (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_Spider_Live=Glass Spider Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_a_Champion_(album)=Heart of a Champion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darkside_Vol._1=The Darkside Vol.1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luminessence=Luminessence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbour_Zena=Arbour Zena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee:_The_Music,_The_Power_of_Madonna=Glee: The Music, The Power of Madonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilgrims_Progress_(album)=Pilgrims Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladylike=Ladylike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showtime_(Bro'Sis_album)=Showtime (Bro'Sis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Dust_(Z-Ro_album)=Angel Dust (Z-Ro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Pit=Planet Pit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Stock=Live Stock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phosphene_Dream=Phosphene Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Street_Called_Straight=A Street Called Straight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decade_(Live_at_the_El_Mocambo)=Decade (Live at the El Mocambo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sesso_gioia_rock_'n'_roll=Sesso gioia rock'n roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_in_Black=Love Me in Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_ArchAndroid=The ArchAndroid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Crime=Night of the Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/$_(Mark_Sultan_album)=$ (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Be_Tamed=Can't Be Tamed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_(Ellen_Allien_album)=Dust (Ellen Allien)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Us_Alive=Take Us Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearless_Love=Fearless Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starz_(album)=Starz (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attention_Shoppers!=Attention Shoppers!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coliseum_Rock=Coliseum Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_to_DVD_(album)=Straight to DVD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_the_Fifth_Sun=Age of the Fifth Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selfish_Machines=Selfish Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Star-Crossed_Wasteland=A Star-Crossed Wasteland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stampede_(Hellyeah_album)=Stampede (Hellyeah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynasty_(Kaskade_album)=Dynasty (Kaskade)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flamingo_(Brandon_Flowers_album)=Flamingo (Brandon Flowers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_of_the_Earth=Blood of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_DeAndre_Way=The DeAndre Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Sky=To the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souvenir:_The_Ultimate_Collection=Souvenir: The Ultimate Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_Carolina_(album)=Ana Carolina (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remains_of_the_Day_(album)=Remains of the Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Dream_(Katy_Perry_album)=Teenage Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Cassette_Player=My Cassette Player
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Home_to_Home=From Home to Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calling_the_Wild=Calling the Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nu_ABO=Nu ABO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Idiot:_The_Original_Broadway_Cast_Recording=American Idiot - The Original Broadway Cast Recording
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Night_Long_(Buckcherry_album)=All Night Long (Buckcherry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humans_(Bruce_Cockburn_album)=Humans (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...And_the_Wings_Embraced_Us=... And the Wings Embraced Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Better_If_You_Don't_Understand=It's Better If You Don't Understand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noemi_(EP)=Noemi (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulla_mia_pelle=Sulla mia pelle (Noemi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegades_(Feeder_album)=Renegades (album Feeder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Order_of_the_Black=Order of the Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netsky_(album)=Netsky (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_One_on_Me=Have One on Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_(Avenged_Sevenfold_album)=Nightmare (album Avenged Sevenfold)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_&_Gentlemen=Lady & Gentlemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insatiable_(album)=Insatiable (album Nadine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonamana=Bonamana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Won't_Go_Quietly=Won't Go Quietly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desolation_of_Eden=Desolation of Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_David=The Book of David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swanlights=Swanlights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listen_Up!_The_Official_2010_FIFA_World_Cup_Album=Listen Up! The Official 2010 FIFA World Cup Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Kinderhook=Sister Kinderhook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fruit_(album)=Fruit (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Died_for_Your_Sins=Died for Your Sins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellington_'66=Ellington '66
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Command_to_Charge=Command to Charge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asylum_(Disturbed_album)=Asylum (album Disturbed)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Ellington_Plays_Mary_Poppins=Duke Ellington Plays Mary Poppins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellington_'65=Ellington '65
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euphoria_(Enrique_Iglesias_album)=Euphoria (Enrique Iglesias)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleidoscope_Heart=Kaleidoscope Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Dark_Side=Welcome to the Darkside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manifesto_of_Nevermore=Manifesto of Nevermore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bing_'n'_Basie=Bing 'n' Basie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niche_Syndrome=Niche Syndrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovebox_(Beni_album)=Lovebox (Beni)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee:_The_Music,_Journey_to_Regionals=Glee: The Music, Journey to Regionals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubicon_(Tristania_album)=Rubicon (Tristania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Killed_the_Prom_Queen_/_Parkway_Drive:_Split_CD=Split CD (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gates_Mixed_Plate=The Gates Mixed Plate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Places_and_Spaces=Places and Spaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Cuts:_the_Best_Of=The Best of Helix: Deep Cuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Change_(Every_Little_Thing_album)=Change (Every Little Thing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5.0=5.0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_(EP)=FLASH (Crystal Kay)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greasy_Love_Songs=Greasy Love Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intriguer=Intriguer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dance_(Faithless_album)=The Dance (Faithless)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbine_(album)=Columbine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Frames=Broken Frames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kryptonite_(album)=Kryptonite (DJ Fresh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Who_Walks=The Ghost Who Walks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Time!_The_Count_Meets_the_Duke=First Time! The Count Meets the Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_(The_Cat_Empire_album)=Cinema (The Cat Empire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliza_Doolittle_(EP)=Eliza Doolittle (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Edge_of_Time=At the Edge of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_Your_Heart=Hit Your Heart (4Minute)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_Catastrophe=Quantum Catastrophe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_the_Moon_II:_The_Legend_of_Mr._Rager=Man on the Moon II: The Legend of Mr. Rager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legendary_Zing_Album=The Legendary Zing Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tha_Carter_IV=Tha Carter IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee:_The_Music,_Volume_3_Showstoppers=Glee: The Music, Volume 3 Showstoppers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rock_(Joe_Bonamassa_album)=Black Rock (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Morning_(album)=Tomorrow Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Ellington_Presents...=Duke Ellington Presents...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellington_'55=Ellington '55
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duke_Plays_Ellington=The Duke Plays Ellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya_(M.I.A._album)=Maya (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath_This_Burning_Shoreline=Beneath This Burning Shoreline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Pain_(album)=King of Pain (Loudness)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Time%3F=Party Time?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dio_(album)=Dio (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pretty_Reckless_(EP)=The Pretty Reckless (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teflon_Don_(album)=Teflon Don
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_Talk=Pilot Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterpieces_by_Ellington=Masterpieces by Ellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Love_You=You Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellington_Uptown=Ellington Uptown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AB_III=AB III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_to_the_Duke!=Dance to the Duke!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babez_for_Breakfast=Babez for Breakfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youngbloods_(album)=Youngbloods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Date_of_Blashyrkh=The Seventh Date of Blashyrkh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberian_Suite=Liberian Suite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fastest_Kid_Alive=The Fastest Kid Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Times!=Great Times!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ongaku_no_Susume=Ongaku no susume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halcali_Bacon=Halcali Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audio_Secrecy=Audio Secrecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clockwork_Angels=Clockwork Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warm_Up=The Warm Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_(Doro_album)=Fight (Doro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OnlySee=OnlySee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libra_Scale=Libra Scale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Report_2:_Report_the_War=The War Report 2: Report the War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Tag_an_dem_die_Welt_unterging=Der Tag an dem die Welt unterging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_of_Ten=Move of Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wreckorder=Wreckorder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masquerade_(Eric_Saade_album)=Masquerade (Eric Saade)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Insanity=Live Insanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Careless_World:_Rise_of_the_Last_King=Careless World: Rise of the Last King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_(Teenage_Fanclub_album)=Shadows (Teenage Fanclub)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7th_Symphony_(album)=7th Symphony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Papaya=King Papaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fury_and_the_Fallen_Ones=Fury and the Fallen Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Returners_(album)=Returners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_Daylight_(A1_album)=Waiting for Daylight (A1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postcards_from_a_Young_Man=Postcards from a Young Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_(Rooney_album)=Eureka (Rooney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_My_Way_(Phil_Ochs_album)=On My Way (Phil Ochs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Great_Wide_Yonder=Into the Great Wide Yonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q_Soul_Bossa_Nostra=Q Soul Bossa Nostra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_All_Bleed=We All Bleed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collisions_and_Castaways=Collisions and Castaways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_A...=Once Upon A...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praise_&_Blame=Praise & Blame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interpol_(album)=Interpol (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covered_in_Guns=Covered in Guns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Free_(Kid_Rock_album)=Born Free (album Kid Rock)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waste_Management_Remixes=Waste Management Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tattoos_&_Tequila=Tattoos and Tequila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tomb_Within=The Tomb Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macabre_Eternal=Macabre Eternal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B-Sides_(Helix_album)=B-Sides (Helix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Khaled=Best of Khaled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grinderman_2=Grinderman 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Honey_Bee=Sweet Honey Bee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectral_Visions_of_Mental_Warfare=Spectral Visions of Mental Warfare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barking_(album)=Barking (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfly_House_(album)=Butterfly House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Inspired_by_Lord_of_the_Rings_(Bo_Hansson_album)=Music Inspired by Lord of the Rings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Like_Lemonade=Blood Like Lemonade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majesty_Shredding=Majesty Shredding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Don't_Mean_a_Thing_If_It_Ain't_Got_That_Swing_(album)=It Don't Mean a Thing If It Ain't Got That Swing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comeback_Season_(mixtape)=Comeback Season (mixtape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundling_(album)=Foundling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steps_Ahead_(album)=Steps Ahead (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebuilt=Rebuilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_the_Drummer_Some=Give the Drummer Some
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Jedward=Planet Jedward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summertime!=Summertime!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_(Spock's_Beard_album)=X (Spock's Beard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...To_Be_Loved:_The_Best_of_Papa_Roach=...To Be Loved: The Best of Papa Roach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior_(Kesha_album)=Warrior (Kesha)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visitation_(Chrome_album)=The Visitation (Chrome)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Theft_Auto:_The_Soundtrack=Colonna sonora di Grand Theft Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embers_(album)=Embers (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Ears_to_See_and_Eyes_to_Hear=With Ears to See and Eyes to Hear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Soundtracks=Alien Soundtracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giants_(Chicane_album)=Giants (Chicane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strong_(Arrested_Development_album)=Strong (Arrested Development)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfing_the_Void=Surfing the Void
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Official_Version=Official Version
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habits_(album)=Habits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_(2012_video_game)=Journey (videogioco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Is_the_Way,_Light_Is_a_Place=Dark Is the Way, Light Is a Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Machine_Lip_Moves=Half Machine Lip Moves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapter_One:_Latin_America=Chapter One: Latin America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wormwood_(The_Acacia_Strain_album)=Wormwood (The Acacia Strain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_I_Am_(Kelly_Rowland_album)=Here I Am (Kelly Rowland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Rock_2:_The_Final_Jam_(soundtrack)=Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_the_Frequency=Fight the Frequency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Our_Kings_Are_Dead=All Our Kings Are Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Here_(Apparatjik_album)=We Are Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_and_Children_Last=Women and Children Last
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Rope_&_Silken_Twine=Hard Rope & Silken Twine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catching_a_Tiger=Catching a Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandma,_What_Great_Songs_You_Sang!=Grandma, What Great Songs You Sang!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenda_Lee_(album)=Brenda Lee (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poetry_for_the_Poisoned=Poetry for the Poisoned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is...Brenda=This Is... Brenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crest_(album)=The Crest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotions_(Brenda_Lee_album)=Emotions (Brenda Lee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Way_(Brenda_Lee_album)=All the Way (Brenda Lee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/25_(A-ha_album)=25 (A-ha)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Beach_(Wavves_album)=King of the Beach (Wavves)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kvelertak_(album)=Kvelertak (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familial_(album)=Familial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basie_&_Zoot=Basie & Zoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Rhythm_(album)=Get Rhythm (Ry Cooder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_of_Memories=The Sea of Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenda,_That's_All=Brenda, That's All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passive_Me,_Aggressive_You=Passive Me, Aggressive You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Freedom_Hall=Live from Freedom Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headlines!=Headlines (The Saturdays)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20Ten=20Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vida..._Es_Un_Ratico:_En_Vivo=La vida... es un ratico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_56_(album)=Project 56 (deadmau5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Wilson_Reimagines_Gershwin=Brian Wilson Reimagines Gershwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Boundaries_(Alexander_Rybak_album)=No Boundaries (Alexander Rybak)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Record_Collection_(album)=Record Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Us_out_of_Here=Get Us Out of Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(Galneryus_album)=Resurrection (Galneryus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Manifesto=Villa Manifesto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_the_Fire_(Jermaine_Jackson_album)=Feel the Fire (Jermaine Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfectionist_(album)=Perfectionist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pins_and_Needles_(The_Birthday_Massacre_album)=Pins and Needles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dissent_of_Man=The Dissent of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Wittenberg_Orca=Mount Wittenberg Orca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Alone_Am_I_(album)=All Alone Am I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rust_in_Peace_Live=Rust in Peace Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doot-Doot=Doot-Doot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yassassin_(EP)=Yassassin (Litfiba)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliza_Doolittle_(album)=Eliza Doolittle (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagles_(box_set)=Eagles (2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mylo_Xyloto=Mylo Xyloto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guitar_Heaven:_The_Greatest_Guitar_Classics_of_All_Time=Guitar Heaven: The Greatest Guitar Classics of All Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Four:_Live_from_Sofia,_Bulgaria=The Big 4: Live from Sofia, Bulgaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Winds,_White_Sky=High Winds, White Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.A.S.H._(album)=C.A.S.H.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cole_World:_The_Sideline_Story=Cole World: The Sideline Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Concert_of_Charles_Mingus=The Great Concert of Charles Mingus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festival_(Jon_Oliva's_Pain_album)=Festival (Jon Oliva's Pain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Forum_(The_Jackson_5_album)=Live at the Forum (The Jackson 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixed_Race_(album)=Mixed Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasmine_(album)=Jasmine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_White_America=Black and White America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Trapeze=The Wild Trapeze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/31_Minutes_to_Takeoff=31 Minutes to Takeoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReVamp_(album)=ReVamp (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqua_(Angra_album)=Aqua (Angra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Jams=Door Jams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solitaire_(Edenbridge_album)=Solitaire (Edenbridge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Desire=Last Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_All_Over_(album)=Hands All Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Fantastic=Classic Fantastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Nations_of_Sound_(album)=United Nations of Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_This_Town:_The_B-Sides=Leave This Town: The B-Sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven's_Venom=Heaven's Venom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Way_Away=A Way Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Suns=A Thousand Suns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Year_Without_Rain=A Year Without Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Cool_to_Care=Too Cool to Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halcyon_Digest=Halcyon Digest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_(Susan_Boyle_album)=The Gift (Susan Boyle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abrahadabra_(album)=Abrahadabra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borderline_(Ry_Cooder_album)=Borderline (Ry Cooder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_at_Long_John=Looking at Long John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_to_Be_Alive_(Long_John_Baldry_album)=Good to Be Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Heaven_Denied_Pt._II:_%22A_Midnight_Autumn's_Dream%22=Return to Heaven Denied, Pt. 2 - A Midnight Autumn Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_John_Baldry_&_Friends=Long John Baldry & Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_Me_Up=Light Me Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_Till_I'm_Dead=Alive Till I'm Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zodiac_(Electric_Six_album)=Zodiac (Electric Six)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_for_You_(Best_Coast_album)=Crazy for You (Best Coast)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Medina=Welcome to Medina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Constant_(I_Blame_Coco_album)=The Constant (I Blame Coco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheese_(album)=Cheese (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_Eden=End of Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All's_Well_That_Ends=All's Well That Ends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.A.M.E.=G.A.M.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_from_Grace_(Infernal_album)=Fall from Grace (Infernal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laugh_Now,_Laugh_Later=Laugh Now, Laugh Later
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Not_a_Human_Being=I Am Not a Human Being
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Night=King Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Stop_(The_Bad_Plus_album)=Never Stop (album The Bad Plus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versus_(EP)=Versus (Usher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha_Ha_(album)=Ha Ha (Charged GBH)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovekiller_(album)=Lovekiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We've_All_Been_There=We've All Been There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroads:_2010=Crossroads: 2010
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Blood=United Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphonicities=Symphonicities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Hour!=Happy Hour!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invented_(album)=Invented
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Joan_Jett_and_the_Blackhearts_album)=Greatest Hits (Joan Jett and the Blackhearts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_Down=The Other Side of Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Self_Preserved_While_the_Bodies_Float_Up=Self Preserved While the Bodies Float Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Casual_(Chromeo_album)=Business Casual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_of_the_Tides=Turn of the Tides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucifer_(Shinee_album)=Lucifer (album Shinee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slip_of_the_Tongue=Slip of the Tongue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramore's_Videos._All_of_Them._Ever=Paramore's Videos. All of Them. Ever.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riders_on_the_Storm_(album)=Riders on the Storm (Die Apokalyptischen Reiter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_a_Nice_Trip_(album)=Have a Nice Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labour_of_Love_IV=Labour of Love IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mounqaliba=Mounqaliba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maida_Vale_(album)=Maida Vale (Van der Graaf Generator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_This_the_Day%3F=Is This the Day?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_at_Her_Volcano=Girl at Her Volcano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band_of_Joy_(album)=Band of Joy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomboy_(album)=Tomboy (Panda Bear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_Pavone_(album)=Rita Pavone (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak_Now=Speak Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patto_(album)=Patto (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Country_Communion_(album)=Black Country Communion (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_di_nessuno=Terra di nessuno (Francesco De Gregori)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scacchi_e_tarocchi=Scacchi e tarocchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guccini_(album)=Guccini (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Gravity_(Shontelle_album)=No Gravity (Shontelle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pro_Whoa=Pro*Whoa!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Talk_Pt._2=Body Talk Pt. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ithaca_(album)=Ithaca (Paula Cole)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_We_Have_Left=All We Have Left
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirage_(Armin_van_Buuren_album)=Mirage (Armin van Buuren)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croweology=Croweology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screaming_Bloody_Murder=Screaming Bloody Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1977_(Ana_Tijoux_album)=1977 (album Ana Tijoux)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane_Venus=Hurricane Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symptoms_+_Cures=Symptoms + Cures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Grey_Area=Another Grey Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Positive_Vibrations=Positive Vibrations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inner_Galactic_Fusion_Experience=The Inner Galactic Fusion Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Miguel_(album)=Luis Miguel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_(album)=Little (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloody_Pit_of_Horror_(album)=Bloody Pit of Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clans_Will_Rise_Again=The Clans Will Rise Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_&_Faith=Science & Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Hell/Above_Heaven=Beyond Hell/Above Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmony_(Never_Shout_Never_album)=Harmony (Never Shout Never)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa_(The_Handsome_Family_album)=Odessa (The Handsome Family)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milk_and_Scissors=Milk and Scissors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Static_Impulse=Static Impulse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Is_No_Competition_2:_The_Grieving_Music_EP=There Is No Competition 2: The Grieving Music EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_On_(Wilson_Pickett_album)=Right On (Wilson Pickett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Stories_for_Ugly_Children_(album)=Beautiful Stories for Ugly Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Str8_Killa=Str8 Killa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_It_Around!=Turn It Around!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_or_Never_(Tank_album)=Now or Never (Tank)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Times_and_Nursery_Rhymes=Hard Times and Nursery Rhymes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawless_Darkness=Lawless Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Trees=Through the Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morning_After_(James_album)=The Morning After (James)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humanoid_City_Live=Humanoid City Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Stitch_These_Wounds=We Stitch These Wounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_2_Eye:_Live_in_Madrid=Eye 2 Eye: Live in Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Father_Will_Guide_Me_up_a_Rope_to_the_Sky=My Father Will Guide Me up a Rope to the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meanwhile_(Camouflage_album)=Meanwhile (Camouflage)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clapton_(2010_album)=Clapton (Eric Clapton 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_of_You_(Sharon_Corr_album)=Dream of You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Latest_Fashion=The Latest Fashion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titles_(album)=Titles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Out_and_Play_(Kim_Wilde_album)=Come Out and Play (Kim Wilde)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vice_Verses=Vice Verses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Friday=Pink Friday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telephantasm=Telephantasm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Around_Sundown=Come Around Sundown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heads_and_Hearts=Heads and Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climbing_to_New_Lows=Climbing to New Lows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurley_(album)=Hurley (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_(Revolution_Renaissance_album)=Trinity (Revolution Renaissance)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderlustre=Wonderlustre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flags_(Brooke_Fraser_album)=Flags (Brooke Fraser)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuzz_Universe=Fuzz Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemicals_+_Circuitry=Chemicals + Circuitry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thin_Air_(album)=Thin Air (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rock_and_the_Tide=The Rock and the Tide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cats_&_Dogs_(Evidence_album)=Cats & Dogs (Evidence)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fishin'_for_Woos=Fishin' for Woos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvins_vs._Minneapolis=Melvins vs. Minneapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazz_Nazz=Nazz Nazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cucamonga_(album)=Cucamonga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holidays_in_the_Sun_(album)=Holidays in the Sun (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aphrodite:_Les_Folies_Tour=Aphrodite - Les Folies Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myself_(album)=Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Friends%3F=Best Friends?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Diddley_Is_a_Gunslinger=Bo Diddley Is a Gunslinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utada_Hikaru_Single_Collection_Vol._2=Single Collection Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Airplane_Carried_Me_to_Bed=An Airplane Carried Me to Bed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkly,_Darkly,_Venus_Aversa=Darkly, Darkly, Venus Aversa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tall_Ships=The Tall Ships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinito_Particular=Infinito particular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabula_Magna=Fabula magna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colour_Me_Kubrick_(soundtrack)=Colour Me Kubrick (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Wonders_of_the_World_(album)=The Seven Wonders of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11:59_(album)=11:59
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prelude_to_a_Dream=Prelude to a Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_Under_Ladders=Walk Under Ladders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Introduction_to..._Elliott_Smith=An Introduction to... Elliott Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sale_el_Sol=Sale el sol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft_II=H. P. Lovecraft II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_and_Sebastian_Write_About_Love=Write About Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_with_an_X=Sex with an X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_We_Are_Many=For We Are Many
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shelter_(album)=The Shelter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_Seattle_Boy:_The_Jimi_Hendrix_Anthology=West Coast Seattle Boy: The Jimi Hendrix Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_Waltz=Moonlight Waltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Appeal:_Georgia's_Most_Wanted=The Appeal: Georgia's Most Wanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disc-Overy=Disc-Overy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquarius_(Haken_album)=Aquarius (Haken)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Montana_Forever=Hannah Montana Forever (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_My_Way=Come My Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sheep_(Nat_&_Alex_Wolff_album)=Black Sheep (Nat & Alex Wolff)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balboa_Fun*Zone=Balboa Fun*Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Storm_(album)=The Perfect Storm (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Minor:_We_Major=Fort Minor: We Major
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Dust_Light_Star=Rock Dust Light Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratchet_&_Clank:_All_4_One=Ratchet & Clank: Tutti per uno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singing_Bones=Singing Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Days_of_Wonder=Last Days of Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_(Third_Day_album)=Move (Third Day)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoodoo_(Krokus_album)=Hoodoo (Krokus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shatter_(EP)=Shatter (Triptykon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_or_Flight_(Emily_Osment_album)=Fight or Flight (Emily Osment)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_American_Nightmare=All American Nightmare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fool_(Warpaint_album)=The Fool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_of_Girls=Panic of Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Swans_and_Wormhole_Wizards=Black Swans and Wormhole Wizards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axioma_Ethica_Odini=Axioma Ethica Odini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthropocentric_(album)=Anthropocentric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_over_Troubled_Water=Bridge over Troubled Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemingway's_Whiskey=Hemingway's Whiskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_the_Rest=Best of the Rest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Dissent=Absolute Dissent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Noise=Le Noise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Introduction_to_Syd_Barrett=An Introduction to Syd Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happiness_(Hurts_album)=Happiness (Hurts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncut_Dope:_Geto_Boys'_Best=Uncut Dope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanderer_on_the_Edge_of_Time=Wanderer on the Edge of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Live=Union Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Mercy_Fool!/The_Suicidal_Family=No Mercy Fool!/The Suicidal Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Moves=Special Moves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Serge=Blue Serge (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proxima_Centauri_(album)=Proxima Centauri (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_Live!_(Lita_Ford_album)=Greatest Hits Live (Lita Ford)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metatronic=Metatronic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Kinda_Party=My Kinda Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Craft_on_a_Milk_Sea=Small Craft on a Milk Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion,_Pain_&_Pleasure=Passion, Pain & Pleasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live:_Brixton_Academy_'85=Deep End Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehab_(Lecrae_album)=Rehab (Lecrae)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Bon_Jovi_album)=Greatest Hits (Bon Jovi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters_(D'espairsRay_album)=Monsters (D'espairsRay)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_My_Mouth=Watch My Mouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doo-Wops_&_Hooligans=Doo-Wops & Hooligans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinal_Clock=Spinal Clock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_the_Fate_(album)=Escape the Fate (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Adz=The Age of Adz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_(Die_Antwoord_EP)=5 (Die Antwoord)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambler_(album)=Gambler (Eric Woolfson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Real_(album)=I'm Real (James Brown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Get_What_You_Give_(album)=You Get What You Give (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threnody_(Engel_album)=Threnody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_for_Your_Love=Thank You for Your Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Nenes_Del_Blin_Blin=Los Nenes Del Blin Blin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_in_the_Dragon's_Jaws=Dancing in the Dragon's Jaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Monsters_(album)=Making Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Suit=Tiger Suit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discipline_(Desmond_Child_album)=Discipline (Desmond Child)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icon_(Nirvana_album)=Icon (Nirvana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuego_(Donald_Byrd_album)=Fuego (Donald Byrd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Half_Note_Cafe=At the Half Note Cafe, Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chant_(Donald_Byrd_album)=Chant (Donald Byrd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Walk=The Cat Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Flush_(album)=Royal Flush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollution_(album)=Pollution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Pleasure_(album)=House of Pleasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_allein_zu_Haus=Kenneth allein zu Haus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Soul_of_Sweet_Jones=The Naked Soul of Sweet Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flockaveli=Flockaveli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_Back_(album)=Love Me Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lennon_Signature_Box=John Lennon Signature Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numbers_(Woe,_Is_Me_album)=Numbers (Woe, Is Me)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_with_Donald_Byrd=Up with Donald Byrd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Tryin'_to_Get_Home=I'm Tryin' to Get Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Anyone=To Anyone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackjack_(Donald_Byrd_album)=Blackjack (Donald Byrd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Christmas_II_You=Merry Christmas II You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_to_the_People:_The_Hits=Power to the People: The Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_on_the_Run_(album)=Girl on the Run (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_About_Faith=Something About Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Original_Mono_Recordings=The Original Mono Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_I_Call_You_Down=As I Call You Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Creeper_(album)=The Creeper (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethiopian_Knights=Ethiopian Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Preview_(EP)=The Preview
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relentless_Retribution=Relentless Retribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Promise_(Bruce_Springsteen_album)=The Promise (Bruce Springsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mastermind_(Monster_Magnet_album)=Mastermind (Monster Magnet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Shit_(Basshunter_album)=The Old Shit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Gamma=The Best of Gamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vinyl_Conflict=The Vinyl Conflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BTR_(album)=B.T.R.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caricatures_(Donald_Byrd_album)=Caricatures (Donald Byrd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Shit=Greatest Shit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Montrose=The Very Best of Montrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Profile_(Duke_Pearson_album)=Profile (Duke Pearson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Eyes_(Duke_Pearson_album)=Angel Eyes (Duke Pearson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tall_Poppy_Syndrome_(album)=Tall Poppy Syndrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaolin_vs._Wu-Tang=Shaolin vs. Wu-Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Scratch=Back to Scratch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tender_Feelin's=Tender Feelin's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wahoo!=Wahoo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiral_Shadow=Spiral Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singles_Collection_Volume_4=Queen: The Singles Collection Volume 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Defiance=Days of Defiance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_and_Defenceless=The Young and Defenceless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonders_of_the_Younger=Wonders of the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Sky=Autumn Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_Touch=The Right Touch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_War_and_Pieces=In War and Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Gathering_Tour_Live_in_Japan_2010=Metal Gathering Tour Live in Japan 2010
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Feet_Down_Under=Six Feet Down Under EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior_Soul_(album)=Warrior Soul (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_(album)=The Phantom (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_Hear_This_(Duke_Pearson_album)=Now Hear This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Escape_(Seventh_Wonder_album)=The Great Escape (Seventh Wonder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shobaleader_One:_d'Demonstrator=Shobaleader One: d'Demonstrator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fire_(Senses_Fail_album)=The Fire (Senses Fail)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Bell_(Amos_Lee_album)=Mission Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joy_of_Flying=The Joy of Flying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Insensitive_(album)=How Insensitive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperfect_Harmonies=Imperfect Harmonies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introducing_Duke_Pearson's_Big_Band=Introducing Duke Pearson's Big Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_mondo_in_un_secondo=Il mondo in un secondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trouble_with_Normal_(album)=The Trouble with Normal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_Planet_Groove=Life on Planet Groove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_of_the_Abyss_Within=Portrait of the Abyss Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Kind_of_Trouble=Some Kind of Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_No_Evil_(Doro_album)=Fear No Evil (Doro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_King_Sings=Freddy King Sings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Velvet_Car=Red Velvet Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_(R._Kelly_album)=Epic (R. Kelly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_Sinners=7 Sinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Ole_Soul=Merry Ole Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Session=First Session (Grant Green)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant's_First_Stand=Grant's First Stand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Street_(album)=Green Street (Grant Green)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Mornin'_(album)=Sunday Mornin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Rule_the_Night=We Rule the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_Some_Truth_(box_set)=Gimme Some Truth (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grantstand=Grantstand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Blues=Super Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remembering_(Grant_Green_album)=Remembering (Grant Green)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Marquee_(Dream_Theater_album)=Live at the Marquee (Dream Theater)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Me_to_the_Moon..._The_Great_American_Songbook_Volume_V=Fly Me to the Moon...The Great American Songbook Volume V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Union_(Elton_John_and_Leon_Russell_album)=The Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gooden's_Corner=Gooden's Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Covering=The Covering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigeria_(album)=Nigeria (Grant Green)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Be_Blue_(Grant_Green_album)=Born to Be Blue (Grant Green)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Apologies_(Trapt_album)=No Apologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Latin_Bit=The Latin Bit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goin'_West=Goin' West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_for_Lou=Blues for Lou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gee_(EP)=Gee (EP Girls' Generation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_Days:_The_True_Lives_of_the_Fabulous_Killjoys=Danger Days: The True Lives of the Fabulous Killjoys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strings_to_a_Web=Strings to a Web
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messy_Little_Raindrops=Messy Little Raindrops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Am_I_Blue_(album)=Am I Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matador_(Grant_Green_album)=Matador (Grant Green)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Is_Beautiful=Green Is Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livequake=Livequake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Losing_Sleep_(Edwyn_Collins_album)=Losing Sleep (Edwyn Collins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanted_(album)=The Wanted (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Is_the_Time_to_Say_I_Love_You_(album)=Christmas Is the Time to Say I Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbroken_&_Homicidal=Heartbroken & Homicidal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Closer_(Keith_Urban_album)=Get Closer (Keith Urban)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formerly_the_Warlocks=Formerly the Warlocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rokstarr_Collection=The Rokstarr Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Royce_(album)=Prince Royce (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seasons_of_My_Soul=Seasons of My Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marrow_of_the_Spirit=Marrow of the Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Social_Network_(soundtrack)=The Social Network (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_Chateau=Mobile Chateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Showdown_(album)=The Showdown (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Separates_Me_from_You=What Separates Me from You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Sparkle=Penny Sparkle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taping_the_Radio=Taping the Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_My_Friends_(album)=See My Friends (Ray Davies)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_(Pet_Shop_Boys_album)=Ultimate (Pet Shop Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Otro_Lado_del_Sol=Del otro lado del sol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Nocturno=Animal nocturno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historias=Historias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Si_El_Norte_Fuera_El_Sur=Si el norte fuera el sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Pecado=Santo pecado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Hour_Karate_School=24 Hour Karate School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Kiss=Future Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_(album)=Jack (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_the_Dawn_(Buju_Banton_album)=Before the Dawn (Buju Banton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airtight's_Revenge=Airtight's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee:_The_Music,_The_Rocky_Horror_Glee_Show=Glee: The Music, The Rocky Horror Glee Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Tracks=Back to the Tracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsession_(Shayne_Ward_album)=Obsession (album Shayne Ward)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minor_Move=Minor Move
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Means_War_(Tank_album)=This Means War (Tank)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honour_&_Blood=Honour & Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Boys_Allowed=No Boys Allowed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halford_IV:_Made_of_Metal=Halford IV - Made of Metal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victims_of_the_Modern_Age=Victims of the Modern Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_You_(album)=All About You (Jeremih)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illuminations_(Josh_Groban_album)=Illuminations (Josh Groban)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Masses=Black Masses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_of_the_Universe:_Barcelona_20/21.11.09=Tour of the Universe: Barcelona 20/21.11.09
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Darkest_Days_(album)=My Darkest Days (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_View_from_the_End_of_the_World=A View from the End of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_(Bran_Van_3000_album)=The Garden (Bran Van 3000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Feel_Like_Playing=I Feel Like Playing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_of_Don_Henley=The Very Best of Don Henley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_of_the_Killer_B-Sides=Attack of the Killer B-Sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Gone_Crazy_(The_Doobie_Brothers_album)=World Gone Crazy (The Doobie Brothers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_This_Way=Born This Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meredead=Meredead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_Talk_II=Pilot Talk II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_to_False_Metal=Death to False Metal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_New_World=Dead New World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullets_in_the_Gun=Bullets in the Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Composizioni=Composizioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Shores:_The_Very_Best_of_All_Saints=Pure Shores: The Very Best of All Saints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Widow_(Black_Widow_album)=Black Widow (Black Widow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem_and_Dopesmoker=Jerusalem e Dopesmoker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rocky_Horror_Picture_Show_(soundtrack)=The Rocky Horror Picture Show (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showroom_of_Compassion=Showroom of Compassion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Cornucopia=A Christmas Cornucopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Sound..._A_New_Star...=A New Sound...A New Star...Jimmy Smith at the Organ, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Jimmy_Smith_at_the_Organ=The Incredible Jimmy Smith at the Organ, Vol. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Nelly_Furtado=The Best of Nelly Furtado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_One=Until One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Station:_Another_Mile=Another Station: Another Mile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Women_I_Am=All the Women I Am
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afro-Cuban_(album)=Afro-Cuban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_(Liza_Minnelli_album)=Confessions (Liza Minnelli)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Horns_/_2_Rhythm=2 Horns/2 Rhythm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C_of_Tranquility=C of Tranquility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits..._So_Far!!!_(Pink_album)=Greatest Hits... So Far!!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Can_Trust=Tin Can Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Strong_(soundtrack)=Country Strong - Original Motion Picture Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armando_(album)=Armando (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiet_Kenny=Quiet Kenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hits_Alive=Hits Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetic_Man_(album)=Magnetic Man (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_If_Our_God_Is_for_Us...=And If Our God Is for Us...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_Rising=Truth Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennie_Green_with_Art_Farmer=Bennie Green with Art Farmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Diddley_(1962_album)=Bo Diddley (album 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_in_the_Highest:_Christmas_Songs_of_Worship=Glory in the Highest: Christmas Songs of Worship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ages_(album)=Ages (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Got_the_Magic_(Celtic_Harp_Orchestra_album)=Got the Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritual_(White_Lies_album)=Ritual (White Lies)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strip_Me=Strip Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neon_Nights:_30_Years_of_Heaven_&_Hell=Neon Nights: 30 Years of Heaven & Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metallic_Spheres=Metallic Spheres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Yorn_(album)=Pete Yorn (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Cup_(album)=Davis Cup (Walter Davis Jr.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Band_Perry_(album)=The Band Perry (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspended_Animation_(Esham_album)=Suspended Animation (Esham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chick_Corea_Songbook=The Chick Corea Songbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2009,_Year_of_Us=2009, Year of Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Wired=Free Wired
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_(Westlife_album)=Gravity (Westlife)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Revolution_(Natalie_Grant_album)=Love Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All's_Well_That_Ends_Well_(Steve_Lukather_album)=All's Well That Ends Well (Steve Lukather)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Turns_Electric=Life Turns Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannibal_(EP)=Cannibal (EP Kesha)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jackson's_Vision=Michael Jackson's Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fickle_Sonance=A Fickle Sonance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capuchin_Swing=Capuchin Swing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Soil=New Soil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relentless_(Yngwie_Malmsteen_album)=Relentless (Yngwie Malmsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing,_Swang,_Swingin'=Swing, Swang, Swingin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Step_Beyond_(Jackie_McLean_album)=One Step Beyond (Jackie McLean)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie's_Bag=Jackie's Bag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_'Em_Girls=Get 'em Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outta_This_World=Outta This World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comme_une_symphonie_d'amour=Comme une symphonie d'amour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Skrillex=My Name Is Skrillex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribbean_Sunset=Caribbean Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Society=Sons of Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Storm_(Riot_album)=Through the Storm (Riot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_of_One_(album)=Army of One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_On_(Riot_album)=Shine On (Riot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Barked_Tree=Red Barked Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Knocks_(album)=Hard Knocks (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Talk_(Robyn_album)=Body Talk (Robyn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits:_The_Ultimate_Video_Collection=Greatest Hits - The Ultimate Video Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_02:00PM=Still 2:00PM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_Plan_Remixes=Mi Plan Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee:_The_Music,_The_Christmas_Album=Glee: The Music, The Christmas Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Merry_Little_Christmas_(EP)=A Merry Little Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(Angela_Aki_album)=Life (Angela Aki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_Embrace=Angels Embrace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Change_We_Must=Change We Must
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olly_Murs_(album)=Olly Murs (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wide_Awake_in_Europe=Wide Awake in Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoot_(EP)=Hoot (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empreinte=Empreinte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_on_Tomorrow=Eyes on Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeland_(Miriam_Makeba_album)=Homeland (Miriam Makeba)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homo_homini_lupus_(album)=Homo homini lupus (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Substitutions:_Live_in_Osaka=No Substitutions - Live in Osaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Hits_(Miles_Davis_album)=Super Hits (Miles Davis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_About_Time_(Marc_Ford_album)=It's About Time (Marc Ford)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Talk_Pt._3=Body Talk Pt. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Killer_(album)=The Lady Killer (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Love_(Sarah_Connor_album)=Real Love (album Sarah Connor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Philly_2010=Live in Philly 2010
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analogue_Bubblebath_5=Analogue Bubblebath 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlackenedWhite=BlackenedWhite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_EO's_Voyage=Captain EO's Voyage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Opener=The Opener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternal_Glory=Eternal Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utada_the_Best=Utada the Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Freedom_Reign=Let Freedom Reign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformation_(Tal_Wilkenfeld_album)=Transformation (Tal Wilkenfeld)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_and_Blood_(Manowar)=Fire and Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Monsters_and_Nice_Sprites=Scary Monsters and Nice Sprites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reservations_for_Two=Reservations for Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Christmas_(Jessica_Simpson_album)=Happy Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deerhoof_vs._Evil=Deerhoof vs. Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yum_Yum_(album)=Yum Yum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Blood_(Peter_Gabriel_album)=New Blood (Peter Gabriel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Time_(Bayside_album)=Killing Time (Bayside)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia_(Bryan_Ferry_album)=Olympia (Bryan Ferry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_Lane=Dust Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckless_&_Relentless=Reckless & Relentless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bone_&_Bari=Bone & Bari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Fuller_Volume_3=Curtis Fuller, Volume 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/75_(album)=75 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Bones=Two Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/34_Number_Ones=34 Number Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue's_Moods=Blue's Moods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind_That_Shakes_the_Barley_(album)=The Wind That Shakes the Barley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirage_(Mell_album)=Mirage (Mell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.A.R.C.E.=P.A.R.C.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sure_Thing=A Sure Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_to_Do_(album)=The Thing to Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boss_Horn=Boss Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heads_Up!_(album)=Heads Up!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Sauce_Committee_Part_Two=Hot Sauce Committee Part Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bantu_Village=Bantu Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Mathis_(album)=Johnny Mathis (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historical_~The_Highest_Nightmare~=Historical ~The Highest Nightmare~
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aftermath_(Hillsong_United_album)=Aftermath (Hillsong United)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_Lightly=Step Lightly (Blue Mitchell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_It_Home_to_Me=Bring It Home to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You,_Happy_Birthday=Thank You, Happy Birthday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Work_(All_Time_Low_album)=Dirty Work (All Time Low)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duet_(Ronan_Keating_album)=Duet (Ronan Keating)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paracletus=Paracletus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Was_Too_Good_to_Me=She Was Too Good to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Enchanted_Evening_(Art_Garfunkel_album)=Some Enchanted Evening (Art Garfunkel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_America_(album)=Across America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Love_(Hawk_Nelson_album)=Crazy Love (album Hawk Nelson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hvelreki=Hvelreki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Soul_(Ike_Quebec_album)=Heavy Soul (Ike Quebec)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_the_Horizon=Light the Horizon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Might_as_Well_Be_Spring_(Ike_Quebec_album)=It Might as Well Be Spring (Ike Quebec)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_&_Sentimental=Blue & Sentimental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Samba=Bossa Nova Soul Samba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Are_Rules=There Are Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Light_Bacchanalia=The Black Light Bacchanalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_CPR=Love CPR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collapse_into_Now=Collapse into Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_a_Parent_to_a_Child=Songs from a Parent to a Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Animals'_Christmas=The Animals' Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endlessly_(album)=Endlessly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Foundation_(album)=Blue Foundation (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whirld_Tour_2010:_Live_in_London=Whirld Tour 2010 - Live from Shepherd's Bush Empire, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunatic_Soul_(album)=Lunatic Soul (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunatic_Soul_II=Lunatic Soul II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.T.'s_Delight=A.T.'s Delight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contraband_(Madcon_album)=Contraband (Madcon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Death_Pop!=The Mighty Death Pop!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Move!=Good Move!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spin_the_Music=Spin the Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Living_(Ike_Quebec_album)=Easy Living (Ike Quebec)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Night_Lights_(mixtape)=Friday Night Lights (J. Cole)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21_(Adele_album)=21 (Adele)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_(Izzy_Stradlin_album)=Smoke (Izzy Stradlin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zonoscope=Zonoscope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Baby!_(Big_John_Patton_album)=Oh Baby!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_One_Flo_(Part_1)=Only One Flo (Part 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee:_The_Music,_Volume_4=Glee: The Music, Volume 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Entertainer_(Alesha_Dixon_album)=The Entertainer (Alesha Dixon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay-Z:_The_Hits_Collection,_Volume_One=Jay-Z: The Hits Collection, Volume One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_Is_Dead_(album)=The King Is Dead (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reverse_(Eldritch_album)=Reverse (Eldritch)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowbound_(Fourplay_album)=Snowbound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somos_Gitanos=Somos gitanos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Fourplay=The Best of Fourplay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Idols=No More Idols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(album)=Michael (Michael Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vintage_Vinos=Vintage Vinos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Actor=Time Actor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flersguterjunge=Flersguterjunge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthmarks_(Ozark_Henry_album)=Birthmarks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elysium_(Stratovarius_album)=Elysium (Stratovarius)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delilah's_Power=Delilah's Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creatures_(Motionless_in_White_album)=Creatures (Motionless in White)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_on_Ten_Legs=Live on Ten Legs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Tis_the_Season_to_Be_Fearless='Tis the Season to Be Fearless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methods_of_Silence=Methods of Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tron:_Legacy_(soundtrack)=Tron: Legacy (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Want_Is_You_(album)=All I Want Is You (Miguel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Empty_Foxhole=The Empty Foxhole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Worlds_Acoustic=My Worlds Acoustic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_Your_Lip=Split Your Lip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_(4Minute_album)=Diamond (4Minute)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cogli_la_prima_mela=Cogli la prima mela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternity:_Love_&_Songs=Eternity: Love & Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_You_Need_Is_Now=All You Need Is Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steppin'_Out!=Steppin' Out!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Will_Tell:_A_Tribute_to_Bob_Marley=Time Will Tell: A Tribute to Bob Marley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthem_(Black_Uhuru_album)=Anthem (Black Uhuru)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Up_and_Fight_(album)=Stand Up and Fight (album Turisas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Schnapps_(album)=Swedish Schnapps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nineteen_Ninety_Now=Nineteen Ninety Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Labyrinth_Tour:_Live_from_the_O2=The Labyrinth Tour - Live from The O2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Mitrache_in_Haiducii=Paula Mitrache in Haiducii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_You're_Through_Thinking,_Say_Yes=When You're Through Thinking, Say Yes (Acoustic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewel_(Beni_album)=Jewel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatecrashing_(album)=Gatecrashing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_of_Fame:_A_Tribute_to_Bob_Marley's_50th_Anniversary=Hall of Fame: A Tribute to Bob Marley's 50th Anniversary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_of_My_Life_(3_Doors_Down_album)=Time of My Life (3 Doors Down)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao_of_the_Dead=Tao of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Johnny_C=Little Johnny C
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Cold_Sober_(album)=Stone Cold Sober (Tankard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cold_(album)=The Cold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blunt_Force_Trauma_(album)=Blunt Force Trauma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acoustic_Live!_(Adam_Lambert_EP)=Acoustic Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Each_Other_Clean=Kiss Each Other Clean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_nuvole=Le nuvole (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identity_on_Fire=Identity on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_Kids_(album)=Apollo Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_We_Have_Faces=Until We Have Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entren_Los_Que_Quieran=Entren los que quieran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Veil=Digital Veil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beast_(DevilDriver_album)=Beast (DevilDriver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transitions_(EP)=Transitions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Pop_Star=Death of a Pop Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_Reckoning_(Destruction_album)=Day of Reckoning (Destruction)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/III/IV=III/IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tha_Thug_Show=Tha Thug Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Credo_(The_Human_League_album)=Credo (The Human League)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deconstruction_(Devin_Townsend_Project_album)=Deconstruction (Devin Townsend Project)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_If..._(Mr._Big_album)=What If... (Mr. Big)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Of_(Tokio_Hotel_album)=Best Of (Tokio Hotel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theme_for_a_Broken_Soul=Theme for a Broken Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutter_Rainbows=Gutter Rainbows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go-Go_Boots_(album)=Go-Go Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Time_(Tony_Williams_album)=Life Time (Tony Williams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_(Tony_Williams_album)=Spring (Tony Williams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basra_(album)=Basra (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capo_(album)=Capo (Jim Jones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Dreams_(After_the_Burial_album)=In Dreams (After the Burial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pull_(Mr._Mister_album)=Pull (Mr. Mister)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-Five_Soup!=Hi-Five Soup!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relentless_Reckless_Forever=Relentless Reckless Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Party_(Jimmy_Smith_album)=House Party (Jimmy Smith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plays_Pretty_Just_for_You=Plays Pretty Just for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sounds_of_Jimmy_Smith=The Sounds of Jimmy Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maailma_tarvitsee_sankareita=Maailma tarvitsee sankareita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_into_the_Light=Run Into the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy!_Baby=Crazy! Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_House_(album)=Open House (Jimmy Smith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_England_Shake=Let England Shake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plain_Talk_(album)=Plain Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Special_(Jimmy_Smith_album)=Midnight Special (Jimmy Smith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plays_Fats_Waller=Jimmy Smith Plays Fats Waller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkology_(album)=Arkology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calling_All_Hearts=Calling All Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WLIB_AM:_King_of_the_Wigflip=WLIB AM: King of the Wigflip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Songs_B-Sides=Swan Songs B-Sides EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leben_(Schiller_album)=Leben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weltreise=Weltreise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Lullaby=Goodbye Lullaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Pain=No More Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shapeshifter_(Gong_album)=Shapeshifter (Gong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Date_with_Jimmy_Smith_Volume_One=A Date with Jimmy Smith, Volume One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Date_with_Jimmy_Smith_Volume_Two=A Date with Jimmy Smith, Volume Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldwater_Flat=Coldwater Flat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Voce=La Voce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Songs_(album)=Blue Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People's_Key=The People's Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blowing_in_from_Chicago=Blowing in from Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Jordan_(album)=Cliff Jordan (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Craft=Cliff Craft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptastic=Temptastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Man_with_a_Horn_(Miles_Davis_album)=Young Man with a Horn (Miles Davis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubber_Side_of_the_Moon=Dubber Side of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Down_Under=Go Down Under
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayhem_(Imelda_May_album)=Mayhem (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Letter_(R._Kelly_album)=Love Letter (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_of_Mind_(Michael_Monroe_album)=Peace of Mind (Michael Monroe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charm_School_(Roxette_album)=Charm School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SWRMXS=SWRMXS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romantic_Tragedy's_Crescendo=Romantic Tragedy's Crescendo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Is_Black_(album)=Black Is Black (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flute_By-Laws=Flute By-Laws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Songs=Classic Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Different_Gear,_Still_Speeding=Different Gear, Still Speeding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vices_&_Virtues=Vices & Virtues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronger_(Dead_by_April_album)=Stronger (Dead by April)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surtur_Rising=Surtur Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20/20_(George_Benson_album)=20/20 (George Benson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_the_World_Party=The End of the World Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_Regenerated=Circle Regenerated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories_of_You_(album)=Memories of You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simply_Eva=Simply Eva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qu'est-ce_que_c'est_la_vie,_chaton%3F=Qu'est-ce que c'est la vie, chaton?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Here_and_Now=The Here and Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Songs_(Ayumi_Hamasaki_album)=Love Songs (Ayumi Hamasaki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doombound=Doombound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehab:_The_Overdose=Rehab: The Overdose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_o'Clock=Saint o'Clock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Hymns_MMXI=Battle Hymns MMXI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Funk=Electric Funk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Chaos_to_Eternity=From Chaos to Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_(Boney_James_album)=Trust (Boney James)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backbone_(Boney_James_album)=Backbone (Boney James)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seduction_(Boney_James_album)=Seduction (Boney James)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Thing_(album)=Sweet Thing (Boney James)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boney's_Funky_Christmas=Boney's Funky Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Language_(Boney_James_album)=Body Language (Boney James)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_It_Up_(Boney_James_&_Rick_Braun_album)=Shake It Up (Boney James e Rick Braun)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_(Boney_James_album)=Ride (Boney James)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_(Boney_James_album)=Pure (Boney James)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_(Boney_James_album)=Shine (Boney James)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Present=Christmas Present
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Send_One_Your_Love_(album)=Send One Your Love (Boney James)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quietdrive_(album)=Quietdrive (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnie_G:_Don_Gorilla=Donnie G: Don Gorilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melodies_from_Mars=Melodies from Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Lines_(David_Knopfler_album)=Behind the Lines (David Knopfler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_(Gorillaz_album)=The Fall (Gorillaz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Punk=Soul Punk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C'mon_(Low_album)=C'mon (Low)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Worlds:_The_Collection=My Worlds: The Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kylie_Christmas=A Kylie Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Greek_Theatre_2008=Live at the Greek Theatre 2008
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_(Pete_Sinfield_album)=Still (Peter Sinfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handful_of_Stars=Handful of Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Things_(Aloe_Blacc_album)=Good Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Beautiful_or_So_What=So Beautiful or So What
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Foot_Clearance=3 Foot Clearance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_If_(Tommy_Shaw_album)=What If (Tommy Shaw)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Age_of_Terror=The New Age of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gracehill_Fair=Gracehill Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raw_(Hopsin_album)=RAW (Hopsin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracles_(Change_album)=Miracles (Change)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharing_Your_Love=Sharing Your Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Your_Time_(Change_album)=This Is Your Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catching_Rays_on_Giant=Catching Rays On Giant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awesome_as_Fuck=Awesome as Fuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endgame_(Rise_Against_album)=Endgame (Rise Against)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Brain_Says_Stop,_But_My_Heart_Says_Go!=My Brain Says Stop, But My Heart Says Go!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Build_a_Rocket_Boys!=Build a Rocket Boys!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemini_(Wild_Nothing_album)=Gemini (Wild Nothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewels_(video)=Jewels (Queen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_John_Coltrane=The Best of John Coltrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doin'_It_Again=Doin' It Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_&_Legacy=Death & Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Words_Untold_&_Dreams_Unlived=Words Untold & Dreams Unlived
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_Years_(Kaela_Kimura_album)=5years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vol(l)ume_14=Vol(l)Ume 14
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animals_or_Human=Animals or Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comfort_Deluxe=Comfort Deluxe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty-Seven=Twenty-Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Country_Blues=Low Country Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_(mixtape)=Earl (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicki_Leekx=Vicki Leekx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unseen_(album)=Unseen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Flight_(George_Benson_album)=In Flight (George Benson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Re:Creations=Re:Creations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Discount_2=Super Discount 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bass_on_Top=Bass on Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Chambers_Quintet=Paul Chambers Quintet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaster_Hounds=Plaster Hounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Aaron_(album)=Lee Aaron (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodyrock_(album)=Bodyrock (Lee Aaron)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_of_the_Wild_(Lee_Aaron_album)=Call of the Wild (Lee Aaron)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Queen=Metal Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Girls_Do_(album)=Some Girls Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_the_Throne=Watch the Throne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotional_Rain=Emotional Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_Angels=War of Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_(The_Communards_album)=Red (The Communards)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaputt_(album)=Kaputt (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_the_Earth_(album)=Edge of the Earth (Sylosis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaz_(album)=Zaz (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Far_Cry_from_Home=A Far Cry from Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hymn_of_a_Broken_Man=The Hymn of a Broken Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Blake_(album)=James Blake (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jutta_Hipp_with_Zoot_Sims=Jutta Hipp with Zoot Sims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Us_Your_Hits=Show Us Your Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Velveteen_Age=The Velveteen Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unforgiving=The Unforgiving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Fucking_Darkness=Total Fucking Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_and_Out_Blues=Down and Out Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varjoina_kuljemme_kuolleiden_maassa=Varjoina Kuljemme Kuolleiden Maassa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Because_I_Was_in_Love=Because I Was in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Glows=Everything Glows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V2_(album)=V2 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_(Rox_album)=Memoirs (Rox)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_(Sharon_Van_Etten_album)=Epic (Sharon Van Etten)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Love=Killer Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Hell_with_God=To Hell with God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teargas_(EP)=Teargas EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Through_Time=Back Through Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Will_Praise_You=I Will Praise You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fathers_and_Sons_(album)=Fathers and Sons (Muddy Waters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Pressures=Blood Pressures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Catch_Me_(album)=You Can't Catch Me (Maaya Sakamoto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_on_I-5=Live on I-5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexus_(Argent_album)=Nexus (Argent)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_(Burzum_album)=Fallen (Burzum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronger_(Sara_Evans_album)=Stronger (Sara Evans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_JaneDear_girls_(album)=The JaneDear Girls (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_My_DNA=Welcome to My DNA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wounded_Rhymes=Wounded Rhymes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Out_in_Style=Going Out in Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euphoric_Heartbreak=Euphoric Heartbreak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brakebein=Brakebein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WTF%3F!=WTF?!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Ant_Is_the_Blueblack_Hussar_in_Marrying_the_Gunner's_Daughter=Adam Ant Is the Blueblack Hussar in Marrying the Gunner's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Home_Armageddon=Welcome Home Armageddon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wide_Awake_(Joe_McElderry_album)=Wide Awake (Joe McElderry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Tragedy_(album)=American Tragedy (Hollywood Undead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Is_Here=Tomorrow Is Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forevermore_(Whitesnake_album)=Forevermore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Airplane_(album)=Paper Airplane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_Battle_Mountain_II=Downtown Battle Mountain II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angles_(The_Strokes_album)=Angles (The Strokes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omnivium=Omnivium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barton_Hollow=Barton Hollow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounds_of_a_Playground_Fading=Sounds of a Playground Fading
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bizarro_World_(album)=Bizarro World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philharmonics_(album)=Philharmonics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_and_Shine_(The_Adicts_album)=Rise and Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Cauda_Semper_Stat_Venenum=In cauda semper stat venenum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helplessness_Blues=Helplessness Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Vancouver_1970=Live in Vancouver 1970
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glorious_Collision=Glorious Collision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Hear_of_Love,_of_Youth,_and_of_Disillusionment=We Hear of Love, of Youth, and of Disillusionment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volatile_Times=Volatile Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogity_Boogity=Boogity Boogity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hundred_More_Years=Hundred More Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_You_Are_(Jessie_J_album)=Who You Are (album Jessie J)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Care,_Take_Care,_Take_Care=Take Care, Take Care, Take Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolling_Papers_(album)=Rolling Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_a_Mission_(Katy_B_album)=On a Mission (Katy B)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Sparkle_(EP)=Pink Sparkle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festival_Bell=Festival Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hood_Politics_III:_Unsigned_Hype=Hood Politics III: Unsigned Hype
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyful_Jukebox_Music=Joyful Jukebox Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogie_(album)=Boogie (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seili_(album)=Seili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Romance=The Human Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_After_Dark=Light After Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Remember_Me_(album)=I Remember Me (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Bokeh=Mind Bokeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bread_and_Circuses_(The_View_album)=Bread and Circuses (The View)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sensor_(album)=Sensor (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relocated_(album)=Relocated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_(album)=Swan (Unwritten Law)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Grounding_in_Numbers=A Grounding in Numbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TM:103_Hustlerz_Ambition=TM:103 Hustlerz Ambition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deep_Field=The Deep Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_News_(Lena_album)=Good News (Lena Meyer-Landrut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Jordan_(album)=Alexis Jordan (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Say_Never:_The_Remixes=Never Say Never: The Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Did_You_Expect_from_The_Vaccines%3F=What Did You Expect from the Vaccines?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_World_Manifesto=First World Manifesto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Taking_Off=I'm Taking Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fading_Parade=Fading Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Femme_Fatale_(Britney_Spears_album)=Femme Fatale (Britney Spears)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_than_This_(Trading_Yesterday_album)=More Than This (The Age of Information)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punk_Goes_X=Punk Goes X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiurida=Tiurida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Rabbit_(Egypt_Central_album)=White Rabbit (album Egypt Central)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Hearts_(Lloyd_album)=King of Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miljard_(album)=Miljard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_(Circle_album)=Panic (Circle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taantumus=Taantumus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pori_(album)=Pori (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_Some=Gimme Some
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_(album)=Fields (Junip)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_(Anna_Abreu_album)=Rush (Anna Abreu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biscuits_for_Breakfast=Biscuits for Breakfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moment_Bends=Moment Bends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_(Circle_album)=Hollywood (Circle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamer_(Soraya_Arnelas_album)=Dreamer (Soraya Arnelas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_the_Best_Forever=We the Best Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_(album)=General (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_in_the_Labyrinth=Midnight in the Labyrinth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_Like_This=Move Like This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravan_Palace_(album)=Caravan Palace (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Here_Is_Bobby_Timmons=This Here Is Bobby Timmons!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duals=Duals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Does_It_(Bobby_Timmons_album)=Easy Does It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_and_Soulful_Sounds=Sweet and Soulful Sounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_of_Darkness,_Demons_of_Light_I=Angels of Darkness, Demons of Light I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infektio=Infektio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zopalki=Zopalki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraten=Fraten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_of_Touch=Truth of Touch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andexelt=Andexelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasting_Light=Wasting Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spice_Crackers=Spice Crackers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Be_Blue!_(Bobby_Timmons_album)=Born to Be Blue!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rautatie_(album)=Rautatie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_English_Riviera_(album)=The English Riviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vices_and_Virtues_(Art_of_Dying_album)=Vices and Virtues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schatten_aus_der_Alexander_Welt=Schatten aus der Alexander Welt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mein_Weg=Mein Weg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sacrificial_Offering_to_the_Kingdom_of_Heaven_in_a_Cracked_Dog's_Ear=A Sacrificial Offering to the Kingdom of Heaven in a Cracked Dog's Ear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue_(Silverstein_album)=Rescue (Silverstein)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinary_Alien=Ordinary Alien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chun-King=Chun-King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginaerum=Imaginaerum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Scholars=Road Scholars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workin'_Out!=Workin' Out!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_Soul_(Bobby_Timmons_album)=Holiday Soul (Bobby Timmons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammersmith_Odeon_(album)=Hammersmith Odeon (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congress_Shall_Make_No_Law...=Congress Shall Make No Law...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Do_What_We_Want=We Do What We Want
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustana_(album)=Augustana (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drama_y_Luz=Drama y luz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transition_(Chipmunk_album)=Transition (Chipmunk)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Gonna_Hurt=This Is Gonna Hurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravedeath,_1972=Ravedeath, 1972
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_California=My California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swag_(Gilby_Clarke_album)=Swag (Gilby Clarke)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(No_Pussyfooting)=(No Pussyfooting)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinatra_at_the_Sands=Sinatra at the Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Things_Bright_and_Beautiful_(album)=All Things Bright and Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante_XXI=Dante XXI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/200_Po_Vstrechnoy=200 po vstrečnoj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voices_(Hall_&_Oates_album)=Voices (Hall & Oates)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Six_(album)=Deep Six (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blowin'_Your_Mind!=Blowin' Your Mind!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_Thirtythree=Catch Thirtythree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rave_In2_the_Joy_Fantastic=Rave In2 the Joy Fantastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_This_Train=Ride This Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now,_There_Was_a_Song!=Now, There Was a Song!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Them_(King_Diamond_album)=Them (King Diamond)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_for_a_Day..._Fool_for_a_Lifetime=King for a Day... Fool for a Lifetime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_the_Light_Went_On_in_Long_Beach=The Night the Light Went On (In Long Beach)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goo_(album)=Goo (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenrot=Rosenrot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Step_Beyond...=One Step Beyond... (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vertigo_of_Bliss=The Vertigo of Bliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Yes:_Live_from_House_of_Blues=House of Yes: Live from House of Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(ABBA_album)=Greatest Hits (ABBA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Chapter_(Hypocrisy_album)=The Final Chapter (Hypocrisy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romanza=Romanza (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Gonna_Go_My_Way=Are You Gonna Go My Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Dre_Presents_the_Aftermath=Dr. Dre Presents the Aftermath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Limbs=The King of Limbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horses_and_High_Heels=Horses and High Heels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanqui_U.X.O.=Yanqui U.X.O.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckoning_Night=Reckoning Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_(Lenka_album)=Two (Lenka)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_a_Riot_Goin'_On=There's a Riot Goin' On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castlevania_(1986_video_game)=Castlevania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transient_Random-Noise_Bursts_with_Announcements=Transient Random-Noise Bursts with Announcements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Apollo,_I'm_Burning_Star_IV,_Volume_One:_From_Fear_Through_the_Eyes_of_Madness=Good Apollo, I'm Burning Star IV, Volume One: From Fear Through the Eyes of Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amalgamut=The Amalgamut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/17-11-70=17-11-70
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitesnake_(album)=Whitesnake (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip_the_Jacker=Rip the Jacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cypress_Hill_IV=Cypress Hill IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palookaville_(album)=Palookaville (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Wide_Awake,_It's_Morning=I'm Wide Awake, It's Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fandango!=Fandango!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recycler_(album)=Recycler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamber_Music_Society=Chamber Music Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valdosta_(EP)=Valdosta (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destroyed_(Moby_album)=Destroyed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codes_and_Keys=Codes and Keys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolver_(T-Pain_album)=RevolveR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee:_The_Music,_Volume_5=Glee: The Music, Volume 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Chapter_(EP)=The First Chapter (Dream Evil)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_&_Dumplin's=Chicken and Dumplin's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainstorm_(EP)=Brainstorm (Mitchel Musso)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godsville=Godsville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyin',_Cheatin',_Woman_Chasin',_Honky_Tonkin',_Whiskey_Drinkin'_You=Lyin', Cheatin', Woman Chasin', Honky Tonkin', Whiskey Drinkin' You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soul_Man!=The Soul Man!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Food_(Bobby_Timmons_album)=Soul Food (Bobby Timmons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Rocks_(2011_album)=Heavy Rocks II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attention_Please_(Boris_album)=Attention Please (Boris)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Know_the_Way%3F=Do You Know the Way?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Eternals_Deck=All Eternals Deck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Meeting_by_the_River=A Meeting by the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K.I.S.S._(Keep_It_Sexy_&_Simple)=K.I.S.S. (Keep It Sexy & Simple)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H-Logic=H-Logic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sjukdom=Sjukdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacrifice_(Black_Widow_album)=Sacrifice (Black Widow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Types_of_Light=Nine Types of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_(Journey_album)=Eclipse (Journey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_2_My_Nightmare=Welcome 2 My Nightmare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svalutation=Svalutation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viaje_infinito=Viaje infinito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parallax:_Hypersleep_Dialogues=The Parallax: Hypersleep Dialogues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smother_(album)=Smother (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goblin_(album)=Goblin (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Replay_(EP)=Replay (Shinee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Timing_(Outlawz_album)=Perfect Timing (Outlawz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Country_Music=This Is Country Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_sogno_eretico=Il sogno eretico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perstechnique=Perstechnique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_the_Dance_Commander_+_I_Command_You_to_Dance:_The_Remix_Album=I Am the Dance Commander + I Command You to Dance: The Remix Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Become_Clairvoyant=How to Become Clairvoyant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight_(Big_Bang_EP)=Tonight (Big Bang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England_Keep_My_Bones=England Keep My Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_(EP)=Romeo (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter/Reflections=Winter/Reflections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holding_Onto_Strings_Better_Left_to_Fray=Holding Onto Strings Better Left to Fray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Wild_(Uriah_Heep_album)=Into the Wild (Uriah Heep)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_After_Kill=Kill After Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underneath_the_Pine=Underneath the Pine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocalypse_(Bill_Callahan_album)=Apocalypse (Bill Callahan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_the_Sun_Came_Up=The Night the Sun Came Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovebox_Live_Tour=Lovebox Live Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanted_(Yazz_album)=Wanted (Yazz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenue_Retrievin':_Overtime_Shift=Revenue Retrievin': Overtime Shift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenue_Retrievin':_Graveyard_Shift=Revenue Retrievin': Graveyard Shift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Forgives,_I_Don't=God Forgives, I Don't
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esperando_nada=Esperando nada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_and_Fantasy=Reality and Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Re_matto_live=Re matto live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transhuman_(album)=Transhuman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Ronan_Met_Burt=When Ronan Met Burt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MoveMeant=MoveMeant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Train_Your_Dragon:_Music_from_the_Motion_Picture=How to Train Your Dragon: Music from the Motion Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Good_News_(album)=A Little Good News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passenger_(Nico_Touches_the_Walls_album)=Passenger (Nico Touches the Walls)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_the_Giant_(album)=Young the Giant (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someday_(Yanni_album)=Someday (Yanni)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unseen_Empire=The Unseen Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MGMT_(album)=MGMT (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congratulations_Remixes=Congratulations Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wars_of_the_Roses_(album)=Wars of the Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_If!_(EP)=As If!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kairos_(album)=Kairos (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrows_and_Anchors=Arrows & Anchors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Barracuda=Revenge of the Barracuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mis_Amigos=A Mis Amigos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovestrong=Lovestrong.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Julian_Lloyd_Webber=The Art of Julian Lloyd Webber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ola_(album)=OLA (Ola Svensson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iconoclast_(Symphony_X_album)=Iconoclast (Symphony X)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visitation_(Magnum_album)=The Visitation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inception:_Music_from_the_Motion_Picture=Inception: Music from the Motion Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suck_It_and_See=Suck It and See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beginning_of_Times=The Beginning of Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chieftains_Live!=The Chieftains Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighting_Back_(Battlezone_album)=Fighting Back (Battlezone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atavist_(album)=Atavist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Madness=Children of Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaos_Legions=Khaos Legions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_My_Pain=Feel My Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opus_Eponymous=Opus Eponymous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_(The_Blackout_album)=Hope (The Blackout)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_from_Here=Fly from Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medium_Rare_(Foo_Fighters_album)=Medium Rare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Land_(album)=Oh Land (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Kai_&_J._J.=The Great Kai & J. J.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_(Devin_Townsend_Project_album)=Ghost (Devin Townsend Project)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Fear_to_Eternity_(album)=From Fear to Eternity: The Best of 1990-2010
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anime_Best=Flow Anime Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Trombone=Soul Trombone and the Jazz Clan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_to_Arms_(Saxon_album)=Call to Arms (Saxon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Of_(Between_the_Buried_and_Me_album)=Best Of (Between the Buried and Me)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Mr._Zone_6=The Return of Mr. Zone 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blessed_(Lucinda_Williams_album)=Blessed (Lucinda Williams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Songs_About_a_Girl=8 Songs About a Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biophilia_(album)=Biophilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Backward_in_High_Heels=Dancing Backward in High Heels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_of_Departure_(Gary_McFarland_album)=Point of Departure (Gary McFarland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Director's_Cut_(Kate_Bush_album)=Director's Cut (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tron:_Legacy_Reconfigured=Tron: Legacy Reconfigured
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lay_of_Thrym=The Lay of Thrym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Going_Gets_Tough,_the_Tough_Get_Going_(album)=When the Going Gets Tough, the Tough Get Going (Bow Wow Wow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everlasting_(Natalie_Cole_album)=Everlasting (album Natalie Cole)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chickenfoot_III=Chickenfoot III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Future_Lived_in_Past_Tense=A Future Lived in Past Tense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugly_Side:_An_Acoustic_Evening_with_Blue_October=Ugly Side: An Acoustic Evening with Blue October
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukulele_Songs=Ukulele Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_on_the_Road=Water on the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infected_(HammerFall_album)=Infected (HammerFall)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pledge_(album)=Pledge (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discovery_(album)=The Discovery (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hits_(Kylie_Minogue_album)=Kylie Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pala_(album)=Pala (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Morrison_(album)=Matthew Morrison (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Son_of_Odin=The Son of Odin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Blues_and_the_Abstract_Truth=More Blues and the Abstract Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee:_The_Music_Presents_the_Warblers=Glee: The Music Presents the Warblers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_Bowl_(album)=Dust Bowl (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Tonight!_Revolution_Tomorrow!=Dance Tonight! Revolution Tomorrow!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Submarine_(EP)=Submarine (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Blood=My Blood (Artillery)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_John_C.=Dear John C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Incredible_Thing_(album)=The Most Incredible Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illud_Divinum_Insanus=Illud Divinum Insanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontal_Assault=Frontal Assault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounds_of_Violence=Sounds of Violence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_6's_and_7's=All 6's and 7's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Country_Communion_2=2 (Black Country Communion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_to_Die_For=Something to Die For
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_of_You_(Colbie_Caillat_album)=All of You (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Vava_Inouva=A vava inouva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axioms_(album)=Axioms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Crown=The Black Crown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tijuana_Jazz=Tijuana Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_All_Have_Demons=We All Have Demons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Devil_in_Your_Eyes=My Devil in Your Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitches_Brew_Live=Bitches Brew Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Mirrors=Making Mirrors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamhunter_(album)=Dreamhunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Directions_(Miles_Davis_album)=Directions (Miles Davis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpay's_Fabulous_Adventure_(soundtrack)=Sharpay's Fabulous Adventure (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Hell_(album)=Little Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covers_(Deftones_album)=Covers (Deftones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EP_(Childish_Gambino_EP)=EP (Childish Gambino)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Nelson_Plays_Michelle=Oliver Nelson Plays Michelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbinder_(album)=Spellbinder (Gabor Szabo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_(soundtrack)=Hanna (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Player_Late_Bloomer=Long Player Late Bloomer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Soul=More Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_Raga=Jazz Raga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_October_Suite=The October Suite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_Pieces=Sound Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_of_the_Norse=March of the Norse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_Is_One=The Year Is One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_on_Fire_(album)=World's on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyrin_Fields=Meyrin Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_Love:_Best_of_the_Ballads=Tough Love: Best of the Ballads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtleneck_&_Chain=Turtleneck & Chain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Black=Union Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RossoNoemi=RossoNoemi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4Minutes_Left=4Minutes Left
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_in_the_Shadows=Playing in the Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sorcerer_(album)=The Sorcerer (Gabor Szabo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introducing_Dionne_Bromfield=Introducing Dionne Bromfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Not_Now,_When%3F_(album)=If Not Now, When?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Sorcery=More Sorcery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stridulum_II=Stridulum II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven_in_the_Grave=Raven in the Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind,_Sky_and_Diamonds=Wind, Sky and Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Blue_Note_Hank_Mobley_Fifties_Sessions=The Complete Blue Note Hank Mobley Fifties Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fauna_(album)=Fauna (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leveler_(album)=Leveler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_This_Hyperreal%3F=Is This Hyperreal?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muffs_(album)=The Muffs (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories_in_My_Head=Memories in My Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaggy_&_Friends=Shaggy & Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Mass=The Great Mass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemini_(Alice_Nine_album)=Gemini (Alice Nine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happenings_(Hank_Jones_and_Oliver_Nelson_album)=Happenings (Oliver Nelson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Amongst_the_Ashes=Phoenix Amongst the Ashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Join_Us=Join Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_the_Club_Rocker=I Am the Club Rocker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Shadows_(album)=In the Shadows (Mercyful Fate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NKOTBSB_(album)=NKOTBSB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_(David_Lee_Roth_album)=The Best of David Lee Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becoming_(Yolanda_Adams_album)=Becoming (Yolanda Adams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_with_Me=Dream with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lace_Up=Lace Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernatural_(Des'ree_album)=Supernatural (Des'ree)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essential_(Praga_Khan_album)=Essential (Üstmamò)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unforgiven_(album)=The Unforgiven (Michael Schenker Group)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Double_Cross=The Double Cross (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Rock'n'Roll=Tales of Rock'n'Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuckles_and_Mr._Squeezy=Chuckles and Mr. Squeezy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Escape_Artist=The Great Escape Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_Fat_(album)=Chicken Fat (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_of_Life=Rock of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kennedy_Dream=The Kennedy Dream:A Musical Tribute to John Fitzgerald Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Los_Angeles=Live from Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifelines_(Andrea_Corr_album)=Lifelines (Andrea Corr)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Unplugged%22_Live=Unplugged Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orgasm_(Cromagnon_album)=Orgasm (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Never_Dies=Evil Never Dies (Toxic Holocaust)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abzu_(album)=Abzu (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circuital=Circuital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soulful_Brass=Soulful Brass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel_Intention=Cruel Intention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigolos_on_Parole=Gigolos on Parole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_MacAlpine_(album)=Tony MacAlpine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_for_Sale_(Nasty_Idols_album)=Heroes for Sale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survival_&_Other_Stories=Survival & Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_(Ministry_album)=Undercover (Ministry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juggernaut_of_Justice=Juggernaut of Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cherrytree_Sessions_(Robyn_EP)=The Cherrytree Sessions (Robyn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Loud_Morning=This Loud Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Air_(album)=Bel Air (Guano Apes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Am_I_the_Enemy=Am I the Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bang_2_(album)=Big Bang 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Collection_(Sade_album)=The Ultimate Collection (Sade)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Sign=The Family Sign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flood_(Of_Mice_&_Men_album)=The Flood (Of Mice & Men)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_History_(album)=Future History (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whokill=Whokill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird-Brains=Bird-Brains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_the_Birdcage=Lord of the Birdcage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbits_on_the_Run=Rabbits on the Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpocalypse=Alpocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ocean_Way_Sessions=The Ocean Way Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis,_Barbra_&_jag=Elvis, Barbra & jag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Head_and_the_Heart_(album)=The Head and the Heart (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Grail_(album)=Holy Grail (Versailles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Cheers_to_This=Let's Cheers to This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Support_Your_Local_Record_Store=Support Your Local Record Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_(EP)=Vancouver (La Dispute)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here,_Hear.=Here, Hear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untitled_7%22=Untitled 7''
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here,_Hear_II.=Here, Hear II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_at_the_Bottom_of_the_River_Between_Vega_and_Altair=Somewhere at the Bottom of the River Between Vega and Altair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here,_Hear_III.=Here, Hear III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searching_for_a_Pulse/The_Worth_of_the_World=Searching for a Pulse/The Worth of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Come_Undone=Never Come Undone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distant_Earth=Distant Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell:_The_Sequel=Hell: The Sequel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Bargain_(Emmylou_Harris_album)=Hard Bargain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dedicated_to_Chaos=Dedicated to Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_of_the_Sun=The Light of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceania_(The_Smashing_Pumpkins_album)=Oceania (The Smashing Pumpkins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You_Dude=I Love You Dude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee:_The_Music,_Volume_6=Glee: The Music, Volume 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Day_(album)=Better Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prestige_(album)=Prestige (Daddy Yankee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nostalgia,_Ultra=Nostalgia, Ultra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Pulse=Universal Pulse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISAM_(album)=ISAM (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritual_(The_Black_Dahlia_Murder_album)=Ritual (The Black Dahlia Murder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Mountain_in_the_Cloud=In the Mountain in the Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Your_Heart_On!=Get Your Heart On!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_the_World_on_Fire_(Black_Veil_Brides_album)=Set the World on Fire (Black Veil Brides)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_at_Both_Ends=Burning at Both Ends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_Therapy_(Above_&_Beyond_album)=Group Therapy (Above & Beyond)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Them_Talk=Let Them Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Shivering_Hearts_We_Wait=With Shivering Hearts We Wait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_(soundtrack)=Walker (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychogrotesque=Psychogrotesque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irresistible_(Jessica_Simpson_album)=Irresistible (album Jessica Simpson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numb_(Linea_77_album)=Numb (Linea 77)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_Spectrum=The Color Spectrum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Serpent's_Teeth=Five Serpent's Teeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Man_in_America=Any Man in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Time_(album)=Family Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rejoicing_(album)=Rejoicing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chick_Corea_Elektric_Band_(album)=The Chick Corea Elektric Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satan_i_gatan=Satan i gatan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Sun_Goes_Down_(Selena_Gomez_&_the_Scene_album)=When the Sun Goes Down (Selena Gomez & the Scene)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascension_(Jesu_album)=Ascension (Jesu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpenters_(album)=Carpenters (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finally_Famous_(Big_Sean_album)=Finally Famous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkness_in_the_Light=Darkness in the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloom_(EP)=Gloom (Job for a Cowboy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Me=Original Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Primitive_(The_Vines_album)=Future Primitive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rose_for_the_Apocalypse=A Rose for the Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaws_Like_Me=Outlaws Like Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Verge_(album)=The Verge (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nattestid_Ser_Porten_Vid=Nattestid Ser Porten Vid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_(Breaking_the_Silence_album)=Stand (The Letter Black)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Time_(Ten_Years_After_album)=About Time (Ten Years After)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drums_Between_the_Bells=Drums Between the Bells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Calvi_(album)=Anna Calvi (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icon_(Billy_Currington_album)=Icon (Billy Currington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Pink_Floyd:_A_Foot_in_the_Door=A Foot in the Door: The Best of Pink Floyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parting_the_Sea_Between_Brightness_and_Me=Parting the Sea Between Brightness and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radiosurgery_(album)=Radiosurgery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_at_Burnie's=Weekend at Burnie's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Till_It's_Gone=Give Till It's Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacopo_Sarno_(EP)=Jacopo Sarno (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_Is_Forever=Carnival Is Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_of_Darkness=Speed of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_in_the_Stratosphere=Somewhere in the Stratosphere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Both_Ways_Open_Jaws=Both Ways Open Jaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colour_of_the_Trap=Colour of the Trap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls'_Generation_(2011_album)=Girls' Generation (album 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evoluzione_della_specie=Evoluzione della specie (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_the_Acoustic_Pieces=Mind the Acoustic Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That_Funk=All That Funk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demolished_Thoughts=Demolished Thoughts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Mortem_(album)=Post Mortem (Black Tide)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saade_Vol._1=Saade Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Is_What_You_Make_It=Hell Is What You Make It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Balloons=House of Balloons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envoy_of_Lucifer=Envoy of Lucifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rev-Raptor=Rev-Raptor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progressed_(EP)=Progressed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_the_Seducer=Gravity the Seducer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_Happens=Gravity Happens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockefeller_Street_(album)=Rockefeller Street (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Donington_1990=Live at Donington 1990
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Volo_(album)=Il Volo (album 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Bridges_(album)=Jeff Bridges (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_and_Raised_(John_Mayer_album)=Born and Raised (John Mayer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginary_Monsters=Imaginary Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_into_My_Life_(Gala_album)=Come Into My Life (album Gala)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fastlife=Fastlife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LP1_(Joss_Stone_album)=LP1 (Joss Stone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivy_(Elisa_album)=Ivy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torches_(album)=Torches (Foster the People)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolutions:_Live_at_Wembley=Revolutions: Live at Wembley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dum_Spiro_Spero_(album)=Dum Spiro Spero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Dose:_Ultimate_Hits=Double Dose: Ultimate Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harrow_&_The_Harvest=The Harrow & The Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_and_Celebrity=Money and Celebrity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefall_(album)=Firefall (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damnesia=Damnesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heritage_(Opeth_album)=Heritage (Opeth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockaholic=Rockaholic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_the_Caribbean:_On_Stranger_Tides_(soundtrack)=Pirati dei Caraibi - Oltre i confini del mare (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Miles=First Miles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Scarcity_of_Miracles=A Scarcity of Miracles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Reality=Welcome Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frei_(album)=Frei (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloss_Drop=Gloss Drop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_It_Up:_Break_It_Down=Shake It Up: Break It Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hillmen_(album)=The Hillmen (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cults_(album)=Cults (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Hell=The Age of Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prendre_l'air=Prendre l'air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella's_Eyes=Cinderella's Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Fly=Let's Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valleyheart_(She_Wants_Revenge_album)=Valleyheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Treasure=A Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Youngbloods_(album)=The Youngbloods (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perdermi=Perdermi (album Zero Assoluto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_You_Grow_Up=When You Grow Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Sounds=Killer Sounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electroman_(album)=Electroman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_Is_Medieval=The Future Is Medieval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Monsters_and_Sprites=More Monsters and Sprites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_(After_School_album)=Virgin (After School)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lux_Mundi_(album)=Lux Mundi (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skying=Skying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Damnation=My Damnation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_with_You_(album)=I'm with You (Red Hot Chili Peppers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total:_From_Joy_Division_to_New_Order=Total: From Joy Division to New Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Look_Down_(Skylar_Grey_album)=Don't Look Down (Skylar Grey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Fear=The Age of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorry_for_Party_Rocking=Sorry for Party Rocking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RA_(album)=R∆
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_and_Free=Wild and Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superfiction_(album)=Superfiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Waves=In Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_All_My_Friends,_Blood_Makes_the_Blade_Holy:_The_Atmosphere_EP's=To All My Friends, Blood Makes the Blade Holy: The Atmosphere EP's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velociraptor!=Velociraptor!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dramatic_Turn_of_Events=A Dramatic Turn of Events
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Own_the_Night=Own the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Live:_London_Festival_'09_(Kasabian_EP)=ITunes Live: London Festival '09
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Live:_London_Festival_'07=ITunes Live: London Festival '07
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Villain=Born Villain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_Now:_Live_at_the_Jazz_Workshop=Right Now: Live at the Jazz Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Nice!_(album)=Get Nice!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Mingus_and_Friends_in_Concert=Charles Mingus and Friends in Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handmade_(Hindi_Zahra_album)=Handmade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_the_Octagon=Road to the Octagon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioactive_(Yelawolf_album)=Radioactive (Yelawolf)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_(Hiromi_album)=Voice (Hiromi Uehara)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evinta=Evinta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Blade=Night of the Blade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Place_to_Be=Place to Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiral_(Hiromi_album)=Spiral (Hiromi Uehara)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No._5_Collaborations_Project=No. 5 Collaborations Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Quest=Soul Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Violet_(album)=African Violet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Soft=Summer Soft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_Here_with_You=We're Here with You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airmax_Muzik_II=Airmax Muzik II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smash_(Martin_Solveig_album)=Smash (Martin Solveig)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stablemates_(album)=Last Dance (Blue Mitchell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapenzi=Mapenzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Mitchell_(album)=Blue Mitchell (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues'_Blues=Blues' Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graffiti_Blues=Graffiti Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Find_Me_(Christina_Grimmie_EP)=Find Me (Christina Grimmie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Blessed_Freedom=Wild Blessed Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeds_We_Sow=Seeds We Sow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubilee_Edition=Jubilee Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Success_Is_Certain=Success Is Certain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koko_ni_Ita_Koto=Koko ni ita koto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamikyokutachi=Kamikyokutachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Were_Your_Woman_(Stephanie_Mills_album)=If I Were Your Woman (album Stephanie Mills)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunter_(Mastodon_album)=The Hunter (Mastodon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Rendezvous=Midnight Rendezvous (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_Misbehavin'_(Tokyo_Blade_album)=Ain't Misbehavin' (Tokyo Blade)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Yellow_Room=From the Yellow Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow's_World_(album)=Tomorrow's World (Erasure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_Up_(album)=Hands Up (2PM)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/September_Morn_(album)=September Morn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Creature_I_Don't_Know=A Creature I Don't Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_Best_of_Morrissey=The Very Best of Morrissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Remorse_(Tokyo_Blade_album)=No Remorse a.k.a. The Eye of the Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evanescence_(Evanescence_album)=Evanescence (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Travolta_Wannabe=John Travolta Wannabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_(album)=Chief (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pumphouse_(album)=Pumphouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amaranthe_(album)=Amaranthe (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_Hunters=Night of Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pressure_&_Time=Pressure & Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covers_80's=Covers 80's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_The_Shadows=The Sound of The Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Love=The Whole Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlins_Most_Wanted_(album)=Berlins Most Wanted (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_(Visions_of_Atlantis_album)=Delta (Visions of Atlantis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timez_Are_Weird_These_Days=Timez Are Weird These Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOFX_(2011_EP)=NOFX (EP 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_(Nektar_album)=Evolution (Nektar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dances_of_Death_(and_Other_Walking_Shadows)=Dances of Death (and Other Walking Shadows)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_but_the_Beat=Nothing but the Beat 2.0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Section.80=Section.80
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_Is..._(Theory_of_a_Deadman_album)=The Truth Is...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Principle_of_Doubt=The Principle of Doubt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Blue_Island=Welcome to Blue Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_Wheels=Cosmic Wheels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DMT_Sessions=DMT Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockin'_with_Curly_Leads=Rockin' with Curly Leads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culture_of_Fear=Culture of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selah_Sue_(album)=Selah Sue (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood,_Sweat_&_Tears_(Ace_Hood_album)=Blood, Sweat & Tears (Ace Hood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maze_Featuring_Frankie_Beverly_(album)=Maze Featuring Frankie Beverly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Turn_of_the_World=Every Turn of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Essex_(album)=David Essex (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loud_(Rihanna_album)=Loud (Rihanna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Your_Hair_Down_(album)=Let Your Hair Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shallow_Bay:_The_Best_of_Breaking_Benjamin=Shallow Bay: The Best of Breaking Benjamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unto_the_Locust=Unto the Locust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperHeavy_(album)=SuperHeavy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Wiltern_(Florence_and_the_Machine_album)=Live at the Wiltern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Ricky_Martin_album)=17 (Ricky Martin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legendary_Weapons=Legendary Weapons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Besoin=Besoin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubble_Pop!=Bubble Pop!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arash_(album)=Arash (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donya_(album)=Donya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_for_the_Soul=Good for the Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racing_After_Midnight=Racing After Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_Gallagher's_High_Flying_Birds_(album)=Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_River_Blue=Red River Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tailgates_&_Tanlines=Tailgates & Tanlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staind_(album)=Staind (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Glass_(Stan_Kenton_album)=City of Glass (Stan Kenton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayday_Parade_(album)=Mayday Parade (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Full_of_Holes=Sky Full of Holes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kicking_&_Screaming_(Sebastian_Bach_album)=Kicking & Screaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_(Megadeth_album)=Thirteen (Megadeth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_Deeper=Falling Deeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%3F_(Enuff_Z'nuff_album)=? (Enuff Z'nuff)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_(Will_Young_album)=Echoes (Will Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_On_'til_the_Night=Hold On 'Til the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbreakable_(Primal_Fear_album)=Unbreakable (Primal Fear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Collection_(The_Doors_album)=A Collection (The Doors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Planet_Earth_-_Bootleg_Series_Volume_3=Live from Planet Earth - Bootleg Series Volume 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roads_to_Judah=Roads to Judah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riches,_Royalty,_Respect=Riches, Royalty & Respect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alone_(Evan_Brewer_album)=Alone (Evan Brewer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_for_Karaoke=Is for Karaoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Life_(Monica_album)=New Life (Monica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_Starts_Here:_The_Essential_Doors_Hits=The Future Starts Here: The Essential Doors Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doors_Classics=The Doors Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Roots_of_Earth=Dark Roots of Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lulu_(Lou_Reed_and_Metallica_album)=Lulu (Lou Reed e Metallica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Mercy=Strange Mercy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Origin_of_Love=The Origin of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Time_(EP)=It's Time (EP Imagine Dragons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Matters_Most=What Matters Most
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Platinum_Collection_(The_Doors_album)=The Platinum Collection (The Doors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_(Melanie_C_album)=The Sea (Melanie C)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diplomatic_Immunity_2=Diplomatic Immunity 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighborhoods_(Blink-182_album)=Neighborhoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_(Jedward_album)=Victory (Jedward)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woyaya=Woyaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Class_(album)=A Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drift_(Nosaj_Thing_album)=Drift (Nosaj Thing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Capitalist=American Capitalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoom_(The_Knack_album)=Zoom (The Knack)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drive_(Poisonblack_album)=Drive (Poisonblack)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Rails=Live Rails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Well_Oiled_(Hash_Jar_Tempo_album)=Well Oiled (Hash Jar Tempo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrari_Boyz=Ferrari Boyz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Within_and_Without_(album)=Within and Without
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awakening_(Blessthefall_album)=Awakening (Blessthefall)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gathering_Mercury=Gathering Mercury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_of_God_II:_Let_Us_Pray=Fear of God II: Let Us Pray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Travel_(Never_Shout_Never_album)=Time Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_We_Rest=Here We Rest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_(Ten_Years_After_album)=Now (Ten Years After)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambition_(Wale_album)=Ambition (Wale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student_of_the_Game=Student of the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duets_II_(Tony_Bennett_album)=Duets II (Tony Bennett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_for_Drowning=Grace for Drowning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Voltage_(Emerson,_Lake_&_Palmer_album)=High Voltage Festival (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_Where_the_Sun_Is_Silent=A Place Where the Sun Is Silent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ending_on_a_High_Note:_The_Final_Concert=Ending on a High Note - The Final Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Edition=Gold Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Throne=Dead Throne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portamento_(album)=Portamento (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_of_Illusion=Mystery of Illusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Simple=Mr. Simple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snapshots_(Kim_Wilde_album)=Snapshots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dystopia_(Iced_Earth_album)=Dystopia (Iced Earth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_for_Blood_(Farewell_Flight_album)=Out for Blood (Lita Ford)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_to_the_Well=Come to the Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visions_(Haken_album)=Visions (Haken)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Slide_Park=Blue Slide Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Path_of_Totality=The Path of Totality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clancy's_Tavern=Clancy's Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweeter_(album)=Sweeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Festival:_London_2011_(Adele_EP)=ITunes Festival: London 2011 (Adele)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hysterical_(album)=Hysterical (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guaranteed_to_Disagree=Guaranteed to Disagree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towards_the_Sun_(album)=Towards the Sun (Alexi Murdoch)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Garland_of_Red=A Garland of Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Power_(album)=Third Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Jeans_and_Mudslide_Hymns=Dirty Jeans and Mudslide Hymns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Machine_2011:_Live_in_Cleveland=Time Machine 2011: Live in Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Your_Inconvenience=At Your Inconvenience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jigsaw_(Mike_Stern_album)=Jigsaw (Mike Stern)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odds_or_Evens=Odds or Evens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electroshock_(album)=Electroshock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Montana_2:_Meet_Miley_Cyrus=Hannah Montana 2: Meet Miley Cyrus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Silence_That_Screams=A Silence That Screams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_(Joe_McElderry_album)=Classic (Joe McElderry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Jam_Twenty_(soundtrack)=Pearl Jam Twenty (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurry_Up,_We're_Dreaming=Hurry Up, We're Dreaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Intentions_(album)=Best Intentions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EP_1_(Crosses_EP)=EP 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_(EP)=FIVE (Ayumi Hamasaki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dualism_(album)=Dualism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worlds_Torn_Asunder=Worlds Torn Asunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siberia_(Lights_album)=Siberia (Lights)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drug_in_Me_Is_You=The Drug in Me Is You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinners_Never_Sleep=Sinners Never Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Shrouded_Horizon=Beyond The Shrouded Horizon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_for_a_Good_Time=Here for a Good Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Different_Kind_of_Fix=A Different Kind of Fix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sceptic's_Universe=A Sceptic's Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Out_(Kat_DeLuna_album)=Inside Out (Kat DeLuna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primordial_Domination=Primordial Domination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Things_in_Life=The Good Things in Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_the_Best_of_Friends=We're the Best of Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Look_Back_(Natalie_Cole_album)=Don't Look Back (Natalie Cole)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_(Natalie_Cole_album)=Dangerous (Natalie Cole)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweetheart_of_the_Sun=Sweetheart of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Seeker=Storm Seeker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Africa/Brass_Sessions,_Volume_2=Africa Brass Sessions, Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Live_from_SoHo_(Adele_EP)=ITunes Live from SoHo (Adele)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Version_of_Events=Our Version of Events
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_(Robert_Miles_album)=Thirteen (Robert Miles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agony_(Fleshgod_Apocalypse_album)=Agony (Fleshgod Apocalypse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardio_(album)=Cardio (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papitour=Papitour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Por_vos_muero=Por vos muero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_chicos_no_lloran=Los chicos no lloran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_the_Record=Four the Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Ena_Oniro=San ena oneiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reborn_in_Defiance=Reborn in Defiance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashes_&_Fire=Ashes & Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbroken_(Demi_Lovato_album)=Unbroken (Demi Lovato)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_(Kiss_album)=Monster (Kiss)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleven_(Martina_McBride_album)=Eleven (Martina McBride)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Sun_(album)=Beyond the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klusterfuk=Klusterfuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Re:(disc)overed=Re:(disc)overed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TKOL_RMX_1234567=TKOL RMX 1234567
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2NE1_(2011_EP)=2NE1 (EP 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Light_(Groove_Armada_album)=White Light (Groove Armada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocking_Tall=Rocking Tall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Morbid_Reich=Welcome to the Morbid Reich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muppets:_The_Green_Album=Muppets: The Green Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Best_..._and_Beyond=The Very Best... and Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invocations/The_Moth_and_the_Flame=Invocations/The Moth and the Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I._Gurdjieff:_Sacred_Hymns=G.I. Gurdjieff: Sacred Hymns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Celestial_Hawk=The Celestial Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Codes_and_Battleships=Secret Codes and Battleships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/23_(23_album)=23 (Bushido e Sido)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Clown_Time=Crazy Clown Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metals_(album)=Metals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Failed_You=I've Failed You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Kid,_M.A.A.D_City=Good Kid, M.A.A.D City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underground_Chamber=Underground Chamber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Up_There=Look Up There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronger_(Kelly_Clarkson_album)=Stronger (Kelly Clarkson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love:_Part_Two=Love Part 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_(Matt_Cardle_album)=Letters (Matt Cardle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relapse_(Ministry_album)=Relapse (Ministry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapter_V_(Trey_Songz_album)=Chapter V (Trey Songz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Cool_(Sistar_album)=So Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empros=Empros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendon_Small's_Galaktikon=Brendon Small's Galaktikon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audio,_Video,_Disco=Audio, Video, Disco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama_Lover=Mama Lover (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Concert_(Barbra_Streisand_album)=The Concert (Barbra Streisand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_as_Me=Bad as Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Lecter=Dr. Lecter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megalomania_(Aqua_album)=Megalomania (Aqua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruthensmear=Ruthensmear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaos_of_Forms=Chaos of Forms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Unplugged_(Thirty_Seconds_to_Mars_EP)=MTV Unplugged (Thirty Seconds to Mars)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxobeats=Saxobeats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_the_One_(album)=Be the One (Jackie Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Kingdom=Every Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortune_(Chris_Brown_album)=Fortune (Chris Brown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_in_Kingston=Summer in Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beauty_and_the_Tragedy=The Beauty and the Tragedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Songs_(Michael_Jackson_album)=Love Songs (Michael Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildlife_(La_Dispute_album)=Wildlife (La Dispute)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZZ_Top:_A_Tribute_from_Friends=ZZ Top: A Tribute from Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Hear_It_for_the_Boy_(album)=Let's Hear It for the Boy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glassheart=Glassheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Whisper=Stage Whisper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Because_of_You_(Tony_Bennett_album)=Because of You (album Tony Bennett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilateral_(album)=Bilateral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Songs_of_Christmas_(Etta_James_album)=12 Songs of Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kenny_Dorham_Memorial_Album=The Kenny Dorham Memorial Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_in_Diverse_City=Christmas in Diverse City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slave_Ambient=Slave Ambient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Is_21=Rick Is 21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Magick_Necromance=Blood Magick Necromance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_&_Warm=Naked & Warm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Music_(Bill_Withers_album)=Making Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vows_(album)=Vows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pools_of_Sorrow,_Waves_of_Joy=Pools of Sorrow, Waves of Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livin'_in_the_Fast_Lane=Livin' in the Fast Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Rain_(album)=The Devil's Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Grace_of_Your_Love=In the Grace of Your Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SDS_Sessions_V.1=SDS Sessions V.1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_I_Feel_Nothing=Until I Feel Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_as_Day=Clear as Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Hobby=Strange Hobby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balls_Out=Balls Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Heat_(Fuzztones_album)=In Heat (The Fuzztones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braindrops=Braindrops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_for_Zombies=Salt for Zombies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Rising_(Deep_Purple_album)=Phoenix Rising (Deep Purple)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldur_(album)=Baldur (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallel_Dimensions_(album)=Parallel Dimensions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_of_the_Spirit=Evolution of the Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_and_Darkness_(album)=Light and Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Sayd_I_Look_Away!=I Said I Look Away!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perseo_Miranda_and_his_Theatre=Perseo Miranda and His Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanna_Make_Love=Wanna Make Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Power=Sun Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunburn_(Sun_album)=Sunburn (Sun)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Sun=Destination: Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awakening_(James_Morrison_album)=The Awakening (James Morrison)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean's_Kingdom=Ocean's Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Game_(Il_Divo_album)=Wicked Game (Il Divo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dreamer/The_Believer=The Dreamer/The Believer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Fields=Yellow Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evermore_Darkly=Evermore Darkly...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_Good_(Nas_album)=Life Is Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honest_Words=Honest Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setbacks_(album)=Setbacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consequence_of_Power=Consequence of Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grip_Tape=Griptape (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Less_You_Know,_the_Better=The Less You Know, the Better
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Little_Havana=Miss Little Havana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dis_(album)=Dis (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity_(Charice_album)=Infinity (Charice)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_You_Close=Keep You Close
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automatic_(VNV_Nation_album)=Automatic (VNV Nation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Hail_Urusei_Yatsura=All Hail Urusei Yatsura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_for_Sorrow_(album)=One for Sorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Urusei_Yatsura=We Are Urusei Yatsura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slain_by_Urusei_Yatsura=Slain by Urusei Yatsura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Loves_Urusei_Yatsura=Everybody Loves Urusei Yatsura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weightless_(Animals_as_Leaders_album)=Weightless (Animals as Leaders)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B_in_the_Mix:_The_Remixes_Vol._2=B in the Mix: The Remixes Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_She_&_Him_Christmas=A Very She & Him Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inedito=Inedito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Talbot's_Holiday_Magic=Connie Talbot's Holiday Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independiente_(Ricardo_Arjona_album)=Independiente (Ricardo Arjona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_London_March_2011=Live in London March 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulnerable_(The_Used_album)=Vulnerable (The Used)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Robbers=Little Robbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cometas_por_el_cielo=Cometas por el cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britney_&_Kevin:_Chaotic_(EP)=Chaotic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_(Bond_album)=Play (Bond)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/50_Words_for_Snow=50 Words for Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Stoke_24/7/11=Made in Stoke 24/7/11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcade_(John_Abercrombie_album)=Arcade (John Abercrombie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluid_Rustle=Fluid Rustle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_to_Watch_Over_Me_(album)=Someone to Watch Over Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pighammer=Pighammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Compilation_of_Scott_Weiland_Cover_Songs=A Compilation of Scott Weiland Cover Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthologyland=Anthologyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceremonials=Ceremonials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looping_State_of_Mind=Looping State of Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinatra:_Best_of_the_Best=Sinatra: Best of the Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Spirito_Blues=Santo Spirito Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruler_of_the_Wasteland=Ruler of the Wasteland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_7th_of_Never=The 7th of Never
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_the_Cult=The Voice of the Cult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passenger_(Lisa_Hannigan_album)=Passenger (Lisa Hannigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Those_Who_Dare=For Those Who Dare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sick_Society=Sick Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Dementia=In Dementia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_an_Outrage=In an Outrage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C'mon_(B'z_album)=C'mon (B'z)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_in_Disguise=Demon in Disguise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abercrombie_Quartet=Abercrombie Quartet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_World_(Arashi_album)=Beautiful World (Arashi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Brel_67=Jacques Brel 67
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junk_of_the_Heart=Junk of the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_(Anaal_Nathrakh_album)=Passion (Anaal Nathrakh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Cosby_Presents_Badfoot_Brown_&_the_Bunions_Bradford_Funeral_Marching_Band=Bill Cosby Presents Badfoot Brown & the Bunions Bradford Funeral Marching Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Well-Done_(album)=Well-Done
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoner_(The_Jezabels_album)=Prisoner (The Jezabels)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jukebox_(JLS_album)=Jukebox (JLS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Talk_(Man_Overboard_album)=Real Talk (Man Overboard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_F_Life:_Friends,_Fans_&_Family=Triple F Life: Friends, Fans & Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanted_Dead_or_Alive_(David_Bromberg_album)=Wanted Dead or Alive (David Bromberg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceana_(album)=Oceana (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smoakstack_Sessions=The Smoakstack Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_Empires_(album)=Fallen Empires (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestial_Lineage=Celestial Lineage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_on_the_Water_(David_Bromberg_album)=Midnight on the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Some_Way,_Shape,_or_Form=In Some Way, Shape or Form
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Silent_Tides=Red Silent Tides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matter_Fixed=Matter Fixed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Contrast_(album)=High Contrast (Gabor Szabo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Maiden=Wicked Maiden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathew_Knowles_&_Music_World_Present_Vol.1:_Love_Destiny=Mathew Knowles & Music World Present Vol.1: Love Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Children_(album)=The Lost Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grey_(Agalloch_EP)=The Grey (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_Remains_Not_the_Same=The Song Remains Not the Same
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Flatline=Global Flatline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildflower_(Lauren_Alaina_album)=Wildflower (Lauren Alaina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Case_You_Didn't_Know=In Case You Didn't Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_Hayes_(album)=Hunter Hayes (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebels_on_the_Run=Rebels on the Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_of_Real=The Island of Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_That_Talk=Talk That Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorus_(Eberhard_Weber_album)=Chorus (Eberhard Weber)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Your_Love_(album)=All Your Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_King_Cole_at_the_Piano=Nat King Cole at the Piano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fools_and_Worthless_Liars=Fools and Worthless Liars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_and_Now_(Nickelback_album)=Here and Now (Nickelback)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_Susie_Soho=Good Morning Susie Soho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_Ceremonies_(Styles_P_album)=Master of Ceremonies (Styles P)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_the_Silence_(van_Canto_album)=Break the Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_(Boyz_II_Men_album)=Twenty (Boyz II Men)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdy_(Birdy_album)=Birdy (album Birdy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Mash_Up=The Big Mash Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Paramount_(video)=Live at the Paramount (Nirvana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Collection_(Steps_album)=The Ultimate Collection (Steps)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_of_Silence=Echoes of Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Grey_Banner=Under the Grey Banner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Falling_Dark=In the Falling Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ora_(Jovanotti_album)=Ora (album Jovanotti)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Most_Wanted_(Hilary_Duff_album)=Most Wanted (Hilary Duff)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Spire=The Last Spire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Further_Adventures_Of=Further Adventures Of
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Clouds_(album)=Strange Clouds (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Beacon_from_Mars=A Beacon from Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revival_(The_Answer_album)=Revival (The Answer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Your_Radar=On Your Radar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battleground_(album)=Battleground (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boys_(Girls'_Generation_album)=The Boys (album Girls' Generation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electra_Heart=Electra Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calling_All_Corpses=Calling All Corpses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zankyo_Reference=Zankyo Reference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_Brown!=Black and Brown!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strings_'n'_Stripes=Strings 'n' Stripes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Mistletoe=Under the Mistletoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pull_Up_Some_Dust_and_Sit_Down=Pull Up Some Dust and Sit Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Papercut_Chronicles_II=The Papercut Chronicles II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Invitation=Open Invitation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_Live:_Battle_of_the_Baltic_Sea=World War Live: Battle of the Baltic Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_+_Five_Unreleased=Greatest Hits + Five Unreleased
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Adrenaline=Dark Adrenaline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madar_(album)=Madar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warning_of_Danger=Warning of Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conatus_(album)=Conatus (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recorrupted=Recorrupted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immortal_(Michael_Jackson_album)=Immortal (Michael Jackson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comeblack=Comeblack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_(Hot_Chelle_Rae_album)=Whatever (Hot Chelle Rae)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_(Omen_album)=The Curse (Omen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humania_(album)=Humania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eulogy_for_Evolution=Eulogy for Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portraits_(Bury_Tomorrow_album)=Portraits (Bury Tomorrow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Fun_(C.C._Catch_album)=Big Fun (C. C. Catch)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_the_Spell=Break the Spell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Featuring_Freshness=Featuring Freshness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Given_to_the_Wild=Given to the Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_(Pink_Floyd_box_set)=Discovery (Pink Floyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svartir_Sandar=Svartir sandar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_to_Nowhere=Escape to Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reopening_the_Gates=Reopening the Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Foolish_Happy=Young Foolish Happy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_You_Gave_to_Me=The Ghost You Gave to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Camino_(The_Black_Keys_album)=El Camino (The Black Keys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sticks_and_Stones_(Cher_Lloyd_album)=Sticks and Stones (Cher Lloyd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternal_Black_Dawn=Eternal Black Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nocturnes_(Uh_Huh_Her_album)=Nocturnes (Uh Huh Her)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_This_Way:_The_Remix=Born This Way: The Remix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Flash_Flood_of_Colour=A Flash Flood of Colour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moving_in_Secret=Moving in Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Depths_of_Darkness=From the Depths of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AHK-toong_BAY-bi_Covered=AHK-toong BAY-bi Covered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Tragedy_Redux=American Tragedy Redux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnin'_Sneakers=Burnin' Sneakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reverse_Psychology_(album)=Reverse Psychology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Westlife_album)=Greatest Hits (Westlife)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/360_Degrees_of_Billy_Paul=360 Degrees of Billy Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_(album)=Camp (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_Volume_1_(Cockney_Rejects_album)=Greatest Hits Vol. 1 (Cockney Rejects)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_Vol._II_(Cockney_Rejects_album)=Greatest Hits Vol. II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_the_Tender_Coming=Here's the Tender Coming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Cocaine=Black Cocaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12,_Smart=12, Smart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_All_Night_(One_Direction_album)=Up All Night (One Direction)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Crazy_Your_Love=How Crazy Your Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_to_Woman_(Keyshia_Cole_album)=Woman to Woman (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undun=Undun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bows_+_Arrows=Bows & Arrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_and_Entertainment_(album)=Arts & Entertainment (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Paris_(Shakira_album)=Shakira: Live from Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threatcon_Delta=Threatcon Delta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progress_Live_(album)=Progress Live (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfsbane_Save_the_World=Wolfsbane Save the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koloss=Koloss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saade_Vol._2=Saade Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guitar_Slinger_(Vince_Gill_album)=Guitar Slinger (Vince Gill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giving_the_Game_Away=Giving the Game Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empty_Hands_and_Heavy_Hearts=Empty Hands and Heavy Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_the_Dinosaurs_(album)=Before the Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Boo_(album)=My Boo (Ruslana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Blue_Note_45_Sessions=The Complete Blue Note 45 Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Hackensack_to_Englewood_Cliffs=From Hackensack to Englewood Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violence_Begets_Violence=Violence Begets Violence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Good_Times_(The_Little_Willies_album)=For the Good Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Key_of_Disney=In the Key of Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Show_3_(album)=Super Show 3 Tour Concert Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepped_Up_and_Scratched=Stepped Up and Scratched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vices_(Waysted_album)=Vices (Waysted)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believe_(Justin_Bieber_album)=Believe (Justin Bieber)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waysted_(album)=Waysted (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_the_Bad_the_Waysted=The Good the Bad the Waysted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funktion_Junction=Funktion Junction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Memphis,_with_Love=To Memphis, with Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Juice_&_the_Moon=Rocket Juice & the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catapilla_(album)=Catapilla (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changes_(Catapilla_album)=Changes (Catapilla)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimes_of_Freedom_(album)=Chimes of Freedom - The Songs of Bob Dylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee:_The_Music,_The_Christmas_Album_Volume_2=Glee: The Music, The Christmas Album Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixth_Sense_(Brown_Eyed_Girls_album)=Sixth Sense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_(Rainbow_album)=Rising (Rainbow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_This_It=Is This It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Not_a_Human_Being_II=I Am Not a Human Being II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_MF_Life=The MF Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Roseland:_Elements_of_4=Live at Roseland: Elements of 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_2=Soul 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lioness:_Hidden_Treasures=Lioness: Hidden Treasures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_a_Hurricane_(album)=Like a Hurricane (C. C. Catch)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Heartbreak_Hotel=Welcome to the Heartbreak Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resolution_(Lamb_of_God_album)=Resolution (Lamb of God)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_Pieces_(Autograph_album)=Missing Pieces (Autograph)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_(Autograph_album)=Buzz (Autograph)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Missing_Pieces=More Missing Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megalithic_Symphony=Megalithic Symphony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Black_and_the_Blue=The Big Black & The Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Landing_(album)=The Landing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathing_and_Not_Breathing=Breathing and Not Breathing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Beginning_(Stephen_Gately_album)=New Beginning (Stephen Gately)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conditions_of_My_Parole=Conditions of My Parole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Martyr_(album)=The Martyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_World_(album)=Wonder World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebels_(EP)=Rebels (Black Veil Brides)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Much_for_the_Ten_Year_Plan=So Much for the Ten Year Plan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stagioni=Stagioni (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken-n-Beer=Chicken-n-Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Up=Black Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parnassius_Guccinii=Parnassius Guccinii (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_Me,_Vol._1=Remember Me, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innerspeaker=Innerspeaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TY.O=TY.O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songbook_(Chris_Cornell_album)=Songbook (Chris Cornell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_(album)=The First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JPN_(album)=JPN (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concerto:_One_Night_in_Central_Park=One Night in Central Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_After_War=Love After War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2001.2011=2001.2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_in_the_Water=Stone in the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becoming_(Abigail_Williams_album)=Becoming (Abigail Williams)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavenly_Christmas=Heavenly Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brava!=Brava! (Paulina Rubio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Regret_What_You_Don't_Remember=You Can't Regret What You Don't Remember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Than_Ever_(Blood,_Sweat_&_Tears_album)=More Than Ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Rising_(Galneryus_album)=Phoenix Rising (Galneryus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Eyes_(EP)=Black Eyes (T-ara)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand_New_Day_(Blood,_Sweat_&_Tears_album)=Brand New Day (Blood, Sweat & Tears)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Instrumental_Works=The Instrumental Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toxic_(album)=Toxic (The Gazette)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quello_che_non...=Quello che non...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_(Rebecca_Ferguson_album)=Heaven (Rebecca Ferguson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalingrad_(Accept_album)=Stalingrad (Brothers in Death)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elevate_(Big_Time_Rush_album)=Elevate (Big Time Rush)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Replica_(Oneohtrix_Point_Never_album)=Replica (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_(Keith_Jarrett_album)=Rio (Keith Jarrett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_&_Devin_Go_to_High_School_(soundtrack)=Mac & Devin Go to High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live._Love._ASAP=Live. Love. ASAP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_You_All_in_Hell=See You All in Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee:_The_Music,_Volume_7=Glee: The Music, Volume 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enfant_de_la_ville=Enfant de la ville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Again=Human Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feeding_the_Monkies_at_Ma_Maison=Feeding the Monkies at Ma Maison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shy_Boy_(EP)=Shy Boy (EP Secret)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Pink=Snow Pink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthem_Inc._(album)=Anthem Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelator_(Tedeschi_Trucks_Band_album)=Revelator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_XXXIII:_O_Christmas_Three=Chicago XXXIII: O Christmas Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Boulevard_(film_score)=Sunset Boulevard (Original Motion Pictures Score)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Due_anni_dopo=Due anni dopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortune_(Beni_album)=Fortune (Beni)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franky_Knight=Franky Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Genuine_Tong_Funeral=A Genuine Tong Funeral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_Boy=Carnival Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonflower_Plastic=Moonflower Plastic (Welcome to My Wigwam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Welcome_the_Circus_People=Let's Welcome the Circus People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Planets_&_Phantom_Voices=Lost Planets & Phantom Voices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_Man:_Heavy_Is_the_Head=Trouble Man: Heavy Is the Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Beatles_(album)=Los Beatles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_We_Saw_from_the_Cheap_Seats=What We Saw from the Cheap Seats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparta_(album)=Sparta (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Gaga_Holiday=A Very Gaga Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hordes_of_Zombies=Hordes of Zombies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Friday:_Roman_Reloaded=Pink Friday: Roman Reloaded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Black_and_Hairy=All Black and Hairy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_of_the_Idols_(Slough_Feg_album)=Twilight of the Idols (Slough Feg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_Resistance=The Quiet Resistance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Sailor_Moon_soundtracks=Colonne sonore di Sailor Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scars_&_Stories=Scars & Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_Maker_(EP)=Trouble Maker (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Blues:_The_Best_of_David_Bromberg=Out of the Blues: The Best of David Bromberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Are_You_So_Scared_Of%3F=What Are You So Scared Of?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Daniels_(album)=Charlie Daniels (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_John,_Grease,_&_Wolfman=Te John, Grease, & Wolfman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_in_the_Fountain_of_Sparks=Tower in the Fountain of Sparks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Starts_Here=Life Starts Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Submarine=Brown Submarine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Planets_are_Blasted=The Planets Are Blasted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_to_99=Zero to 99
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Cubehouse_Still_Rocks=Our Cubehouse Still Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Beard=Let It Beard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_Museum:_Three_Women=Sound Museum: Three Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Shadows=Broken Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Song=First Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_on_Top_of_Blues=Blues on Top of Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Hall_(Frank_Zappa_album)=Carnegie Hall (Frank Zappa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parastrophics=Parastrophics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artifact_(album)=Artifact (The Electric Prunes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alone_at_Last_with_Tony_Bennett=Alone at Last with Tony Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Nemesis=I Am Nemesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillsong_United:_Live_in_Miami=Live in Miami: Welcome to the Aftermath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiem_for_the_Indifferent=Requiem for the Indifferent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Ago_and_Far_Away_(Tony_Bennett_album)=Long Ago and Far Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_2PM=Republic of 2PM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Ideas=Old Ideas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurt:_The_EP=Hurt: The EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Target=On Target (Fastway)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Means_War_(Attack_Attack!_album)=This Means War (Attack Attack!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Game=Out of the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_Peg_in_a_Round_Hole=Square Peg in a Round Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypomanic_(album)=Hypomanic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enslaved_(Soulfly_album)=Enslaved (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Overboard_(Man_Overboard_album)=Man Overboard (Man Overboard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guilty_Office=The Guilty Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hometown,_My_Town=Hometown, My Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_My_Wonderful_One=To My Wonderful One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_All_the_Monsters=Free All the Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Here_Is_'Music_for_the_Fireside'=And Here Is 'Music for the Fireside'!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Night_(EP)=By Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternal_Now=Eternal Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Attraction=Animal Attraction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_It_Yourself=Break It Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotional_Traffic=Emotional Traffic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_voyage_dans_la_lune_(album)=Le Voyage dans la Lune (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Head_Is_an_Animal=My Head Is an Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alone_Together_(Tony_Bennett_album)=Alone Together (Tony Bennett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin's_Reign=Robin's Reign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringo_2012=Ringo 2012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Heart_Sings_(album)=My Heart Sings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_Black=Circus Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bestival_Live_2011=Bestival Live 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothel=The Brothel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Session_(Kelly_Clarkson_EP)=ITunes Session (Kelly Clarkson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_at_the_Bottom_of_the_Sea=Love at the Bottom of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Love_(Anthony_Hamilton_album)=Back to Love (Anthony Hamilton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounds_from_Nowheresville=Sounds from Nowheresville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids_in_the_Street=Kids in the Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trespassing_(album)=Trespassing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viscera_(Jenny_Hval_album)=Viscera (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brigade=New Brigade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Rainbow_(Mai_Kuraki_album)=Over the Rainbow (Mai Kuraki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formula,_Vol._1=Formula, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Explain_(Beth_Hart_and_Joe_Bonamassa_album)=Don't Explain (Beth Hart e Joe Bonamassa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisses_on_the_Bottom=Kisses on the Bottom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_and_Stories=Songs and Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_avevamo_gli_occhi_troppo_belli=Ed avevamo gli occhi troppo belli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playmates_(album)=Playmates (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Girls:_Live_in_Texas_'78=Some Girls: Live in Texas '78
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Cavaliere_(album)=Felix Cavaliere (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Benson=Absolute Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plans_Within_Plans=Plans Within Plans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anxiety_(Ladyhawke_album)=Anxiety (Ladyhawke)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willpower_(will.i.am_album)=Willpower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Sea=Electric Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Fire_(album)=The Great Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paralytic_Stalks=Paralytic Stalks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronic_Earth=Electronic Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangarang_(EP)=Bangarang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_Is_Where_We_Begin_(album)=The End Is Where We Begin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_of_Morrow_(album)=Port of Morrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Montreux_2011=Live at Montreux 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stained_Glass_Morning=Stained Glass Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switched-On_Bach_II=Switched-On Bach II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_Still=Running Still
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elegant_Stealth=Elegant Stealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Heart_Sweet_Light=Sweet Heart Sweet Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAYTL=BAYTL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_(Chiddy_Bang_album)=Breakfast (Chiddy Bang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_(Anggun_album)=Echoes (Anggun)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Are_the_Days_(Saybia_album)=These Are the Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rappin'_Down_Town=Rappin' Down Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Lives_(Deuce_album)=Nine Lives (Deuce)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Programmed_(Lethal_album)=Programmed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livin'_in_Hysteria=Livin' in Hysteria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information_(Berlin_album)=Information (Berlin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ania_Teliczan_(album)=Anna Teliczan (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getz_Au_Go_Go=Getz Au Go Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Turning_Back_(Burning_Starr_album)=No Turning Back!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomahawk_Technique=Tomahawk Technique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_I_&_II=Mark I & II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Adventures=Mind Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Soldier=Dream Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Songs=Short Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailing_Soul(s)=Sailing Soul(s)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alter_Bridge:_Live_at_Wembley=Live at Wembley (Alter Bridge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Magic=The Old Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_altid_(album)=For altid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madonna_(EP)=Madonna (EP Secret)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Time=Secret Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amaryllis_(Shinedown_album)=Amaryllis (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sjung=Sjung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Age_(Your_Demise_album)=The Golden Age (Your Demise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_Down_Yonder=Way Down Yonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Battle=Soul Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_Show_(album)=Picture Show (Neon Trees)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weapons_(album)=Weapons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screamin'_the_Blues=Screamin' the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Stem_(album)=Main Stem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peach_Fuzz_(album)=Peach Fuzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Music_Society=Radio Music Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Proof_(album)=100 Proof (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_(The_Smiths_album)=The Smiths Complete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21.00:_Eros_Live_World_Tour_2009/2010=21:00 Eros Live World Tour 2009/2010
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Different_Kind_of_Truth=A Different Kind of Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undisputed_(DMX_album)=Undisputed (DMX)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_10=The Big 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grim_Scary_Tales=Grim Scary Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_We_Love_We_Leave_Behind=All We Love We Leave Behind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slipstream_(Bonnie_Raitt_album)=Slipstream (Bonnie Raitt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Deeper_Look=Take a Deeper Look
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Style_Original_Soundtrack=Wild Style OST
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_Deluxe=Blues Deluxe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Had_to_Cry_Today_(album)=Had to Cry Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Is_Only_Noise=Space Is Only Noise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Bread=Goodbye Bread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aesthethica=Aesthethica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Tension_Wires=High Tension Wires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Renegade=Digital Renegade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_Funeral=Blues Funeral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A+E_(album)=A+E
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MDNA_(album)=MDNA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_Strike=The General Strike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_It_Break=Feel It Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lana_Del_Ray_(album)=Lana Del Ray A.K.A. Lizzy Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singles_(Goldfrapp_album)=The Singles (Goldfrapp)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderland_(Steve_Aoki_album)=Wonderland (Steve Aoki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habits_&_Contradictions=Habits & Contradictions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Light_(Easy_Star_All-Stars_album)=First Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helvetios=Helvetios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathhammer=Deathhammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hybrid_(album)=The Hybrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Minded=Evil Minded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Poetry=Savage Poetry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En_Vivo!_(Iron_Maiden_album)=En vivo! (Iron Maiden)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hardcastle_(album)=Paul Hardcastle (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noctourniquet=Noctourniquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrecking_Ball_(Bruce_Springsteen_album)=Wrecking Ball (Bruce Springsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_(Fireflight_album)=Now (Fireflight)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curve_(Our_Lady_Peace_album)=Curve (Our Lady Peace)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albatross_(Big_Wreck_album)=Albatross (Big Wreck)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umskiptar=Umskiptar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Like_a_Runaway=Living Like a Runaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singer_(Liza_Minnelli_album)=The Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Was=All I Was
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_as_Charged_(Culprit_album)=Guilty as Charged!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonky_(album)=Wonky (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transcendental_Youth=Transcendental Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion's_Roar_(album)=The Lion's Roar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lana_Del_Rey_(EP)=Lana Del Rey (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urd_(album)=Urd (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_BDP_Album=The BDP Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electric_Age=The Electric Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Frequency=Out of Frequency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torture_(album)=Torture (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Deadly=Seven Deadly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_the_Ring=Kiss the Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area_52_(album)=Area 52 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slumdon_Bridge=The Slumdon Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lights_Out!=Lights Out!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4,_5_and_6=4, 5 and 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie's_Pal=Jackie's Pal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyal_to_None=Loyal to None
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wasteland_Companion=A Wasteland Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utilitarian_(album)=Utilitarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_of_Darkness,_Demons_of_Light_II=Angels of Darkness, Demons of Light II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_and_the_Revolution:_Live=Prince and the Revolution: Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_in_the_Night_(Sonny_Clark_album)=Blues in the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLean's_Scene=McLean's Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exmilitary=Exmilitary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japonesque_(album)=Japonesque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knock_Madness=Knock Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewel_Concert_Tour=Jewel Concert Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Time_to_Voices=In Time to Voices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_to_You=Happy to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O.N.I.F.C.=O.N.I.F.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_on_Memory=Attack on Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Trespassing_(album)=No Trespassing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_It_Was_(album)=The Way It Was
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scripted=Scripted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Eve_with_Johnny_Mathis=Christmas Eve with Johnny Mathis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Your_Kind_of_People=Not Your Kind of People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choice_of_Weapon=Choice of Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paley_&_Francis=Paley & Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_Now_(Swedish_House_Mafia_album)=Until Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curiosity_(EP)=Curiosity (EP Carly Rae Jepsen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blunderbuss_(album)=Blunderbuss (Jack White)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tension_(Die_Antwoord_album)=Ten$Ion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Make_Thunder=Fire Make Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_(Britt_Nicole_album)=Gold (Britt Nicole)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_Within=The Power Within (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weather_Systems_(Anathema_album)=Weather Systems (Anathema)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rize_of_the_Fenix=Rize of the Fenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tramp_(album)=Tramp (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Format_(album)=Format (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_McLean_&_Co.=Jackie McLean & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koodi=Koodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Long_Drink_of_the_Blues=A Long Drink of the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crying_Song_(album)=Crying Song (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afro-Classic=Afro-Classic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heresy_(Paradox_album)=Heresy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universo_ao_Meu_Redor=Universo ao meu redor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tragic_Idol=Tragic Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rite_of_Spring_(Hubert_Laws_album)=The Rite of Spring (Hubert Laws)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Laws_of_Jazz=The Laws of Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playgirlz=Playgirlz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Case_We_Die_(Tinashe_album)=In Case We Die (Tinashe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laws'_Cause=Laws' Cause
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Colors_(Flying_Colors_album)=Flying Colors (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upside_Downside=Upside Downside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Django_Django_(album)=Django Django (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_Defying_Unicorn=The Death Defying Unicorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changed_(album)=Changed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rated_R:_Remixed=Rated R: Remixed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Fly_a_Kite=Go Fly a Kite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Again_(Michael_Kiwanuka_album)=Home Again (Michael Kiwanuka)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courage_(Milton_Nascimento_album)=Courage (Milton Nascimento)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recitation_(album)=Recitation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Light_(East_17_album)=Dark Light (East 17)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Beautiful_Than_Silence=More Beautiful Than Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Machine_(album)=This Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barulhinho_Bom=Barulhinho bom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mais_(album)=Mais (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MM_(album)=Marisa Monte (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignition_(EP)=Ignition (Unisonic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Man_in_America=Young Man in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Girl_Gone_Bad:_The_Remixes=Good Girl Gone Bad: The Remixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunger_Games:_Songs_from_District_12_and_Beyond=The Hunger Games: Songs from District 12 and Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forevermore_(David_Archuleta_album)=Forevermore (David Archuleta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to:_Our_House=Welcome to: Our House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Effedia:_Sulla_mia_cattiva_strada=Effedia - Sulla mia cattiva strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covers_(Beni_album)=Covers (Beni)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Metal=The King of Metal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Angkor_Wat=Live at Angkor Wat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_OF_Tape_Vol._2=The OF Tape Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamite_(Ike_&_Tina_Turner_album)=Dynamite! (Ike & Tina Turner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Io_Grido=Io Grido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I.E.N.A.=I.E.N.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Defiance=True Defiance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_no_Album_8=Ai no Album 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_Berryz_Times=7 Berryz Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_The_Trio=The Art of the Trio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berryz_Kobo_Special_Best_Vol._1=Berryz Kobo Special Best Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nocturne_(Oliver_Nelson_album)=Nocturne (Oliver Nelson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_It_Up:_Live_2_Dance=Shake It Up: Live 2 Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Something_Rain=The Something Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_a_Four_Letter_Word_(album)=Love Is a Four Letter Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seasons_Greetings_from_Less_Than_Jake=Seasons Greetings from Less Than Jake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geidi_Primes=Geidi Primes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfaxa=Halfaxa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocalyptic_Love=Apocalyptic Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visions_(Grimes_album)=Visions (Grimes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Symphony=Secret Symphony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thick_as_a_Brick_2=Thick as a Brick 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_37_(album)=California 37
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stones_Grow_Her_Name=Stones Grow Her Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magical_Connection=Magical Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_&_Gabor=Lena & Gabor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor's_Tenors=Taylor's Tenors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor's_Wailers=Taylor's Wailers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Day_(EP)=The Third Day (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath_the_Scars=Beneath the Scars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_&_Unbelievable:_The_Otis_Redding_Dictionary_of_Soul=Complete & Unbelievable: The Otis Redding Dictionary of Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Eulogy_for_the_Damned=A Eulogy for the Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Broken_Hearts=...Little Broken Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sempre_Lontano=Sempre lontano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_(Angela_Aki_album)=White (Angela Aki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuja_Wang_discography=Discografia di Yuja Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enamorada_de_Ti=Enamorada de ti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Me_Burroughs=Call Me Burroughs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_for_Japan:_The_Album=Play for Japan: The Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_Comes_Out_Tonight=The Sun Comes Out Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_the_New_Real=Lost in the New Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neverworld's_End=Neverworld's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rasmus_(album)=The Rasmus (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangeland_(album)=Strangeland (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_Me_Like_a_Man_EP=Hit Me Like a Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EP_2_(Crosses_EP)=EP 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_(KAT-TUN_album)=Chain (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagonwheel_Blues=Wagonwheel Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_to_Dawn=Eve to Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demonocracy=Demonocracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Like_a_Girl_(Emilie_Autumn_album)=Fight Like a Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawl_Space_(album)=Crawl Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_(Xiu_Xiu_album)=Always (Xiu Xiu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_You_Got=Something You Got
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Blues_(Art_Farmer_album)=Big Blues (Art Farmer/Jim Hall)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autophysiopsychic=Autophysiopsychic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long._Live._ASAP=Long. Live. ASAP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kindred_(EP)=Kindred (Burial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yama_(album)=Yama (Art Farmer/Joe Henderson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_Dog_Eat=Eat Dog Eat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daybreaker_(Architects_album)=Daybreaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freak_Puke=Freak Puke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.A.P._Music=R.A.P. Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Bass=Dirty Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Industrialist=The Industrialist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_to_the_Sky=Look to the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Five_(soundtrack)=Fast Five (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bag_of_Bones_(album)=Bag of Bones (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Halo=Street Halo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Money_Store_(album)=The Money Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Concert_in_Central_Park=The Concert in Central Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Eleven=Two Eleven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_of_Mushrooms=Army of Mushrooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collection_(2NE1_album)=Collection (2NE1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samba_Para_Dos=Samba para dos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mic_Tyson=Mic Tyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blown_Away_(album)=Blown Away (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_or_Nothing_(Pennywise_album)=All or Nothing (Pennywise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_My_Make-Believe=Master of My Make-Believe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idler_Wheel...=The Idler Wheel...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neck_of_the_Woods=Neck of the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Weather=Future Weather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalogue_/_Preserve_/_Amass=Catalogue/Preserve/Amass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21_(Rage_album)=21 (Rage)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braveheart_(Ashanti_album)=Braveheart (Ashanti)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonik_Kicks=Sonik Kicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presence_of_Mind_(album)=Presence of Mind (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omega_(Alyson_Avenue_album)=Omega (Alyson Avenue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Water_(album)=On the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Queen=Party Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuskegee_(album)=Tuskegee (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Fantasy=Last Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_of_a_Unique_Identity=Fear of a Unique Identity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonwelle=Tonwelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Block_Brochure:_Welcome_to_the_Soil_1=The Block Brochure: Welcome to the Soil 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Block_Brochure:_Welcome_to_the_Soil_2=The Block Brochure: Welcome to the Soil 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Block_Brochure:_Welcome_to_the_Soil_3=The Block Brochure: Welcome to the Soil 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignition_(B1A4_album)=Ignition (B1A4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_of_Thought=Temple of Thought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Forever_(album)=Hollywood Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_and_Found_(IU_EP)=Lost and Found (IU)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_(IU_album)=Growing Up (IU)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listen_Up!_(Haley_Reinhart_album)=Listen Up! (Haley Reinhart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epicloud=Epicloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_&_Grace=Storm & Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_2_Life=Back 2 Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psalms_for_the_Dead=Psalms for the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_(EP)=Sherlock (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_the_Underground=Live from the Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_and_Silence=Hell and Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine_Dragons_(EP)=Imagine Dragons (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Live_Heavy_Metal=Long Live Heavy Metal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satchurated:_Live_in_Montreal=Satchurated: Live in Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comet_(The_Bouncing_Souls_album)=Comet (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surprises_(Herbie_Mann_album)=Surprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flaming_Lips_and_Heady_Fwends=The Flaming Lips and Heady Fwends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_of_Saints=Blood of Saints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skelethon=Skelethon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Word_from_Mose=The Word from Mose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Hour_(Scissor_Sisters_album)=Magic Hour (Scissor Sisters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloom_(Beach_House_album)=Bloom (Beach House)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pluto_(Future_album)=Pluto (Future)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Few_Against_Many=Few Against Many
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stiff_Upper_Lip_(album)=Stiff Upper Lip (album AC/DC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Creek_(album)=Bear Creek (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Vermis_Mysteriis_(album)=De Vermis Mysteriis (High on Fire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elation_(album)=Elation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meth_(album)=Meth (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unisonic_(album)=Unisonic (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Joyful_Noise_(Gossip_album)=A Joyful Noise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_2.0=Solo 2.0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Evening_Air=In Evening Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_a_Thread:_Live_in_London_2011=By a Thread: Live in London 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temper_Trap_(album)=The Temper Trap (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valtari=Valtari (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sick_and_Twisted_Affair=Sick and Twisted Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Mamma_Won't_Like_Me=Your Mamma Won't Like Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overexposed_(album)=Overexposed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Our_Heads=In Our Heads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_of_the_Oath=Circle of the Oath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Takes:_Volume_1=Early Takes: Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_View_from_the_Bottom=The View from the Bottom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afro_(album)=Afro (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Naked_&_Almost_Famous=Half Naked & Almost Famous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_(Cody_Simpson_album)=Paradise (Cody Simpson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Origin_of_Dazzle=Origin of Dazzle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brilliant_(album)=Brilliant (Ultravox)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirari_(album)=Kirari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Strangeland=Welcome to Strangeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shocking_Loud_Voice=Shocking Loud Voice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_from_the_Sky=Fire from the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Bones_(album)=Broken Bones (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americana_(Neil_Young_&_Crazy_Horse_album)=Americana (Neil Young)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kis-My-1st=Kis-My-1st
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lex_Hives=Lex Hives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebration_Rock=Celebration Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cycle_Is_Complete=The Cycle Is Complete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajan_Style=Bajan Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rant_(The_Futureheads_album)=Rant (The Futureheads)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locked_Down_(album)=Locked Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_the_Others=We Are the Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_Antichrist=Phantom Antichrist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pines_(album)=Pines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011_Live_EP=2011 Live EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyline_(Yann_Tiersen_album)=Skyline (Yann Tiersen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Pavarotti=The Essential Pavarotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impressions_(Chris_Botti_album)=Impressions (Chris Botti)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Beat=Born to Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_of_Duty:_Black_Ops_Zombies_(soundtrack)=Call of Duty: Black Ops Zombies Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_(Circus_Maximus_album)=Nine (Circus Maximus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diving_Board=The Diving Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_on_Locusts=Walking on Locusts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Stories_&_Other_Musings=Love Stories & Other Musings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mastery_of_John_Coltrane,_Vol._3:_Jupiter_Variation=The Mastery of John Coltrane Vol. 3: Jupiter Variation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Unplugged_(Florence_and_the_Machine_album)=MTV Unplugged (Florence and the Machine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delayed_Reaction=Delayed Reaction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Missed_Us=I Missed Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freak_Out!_(Teenage_Bottlerocket_album)=Freak Out! (Teenage Bottlerocket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Mariah_Carey=The Essential Mariah Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_Case_Of...=The Strange Case Of...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreak_on_Hold=Heartbreak on Hold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_My_Hands_(Morten_Harket_album)=Out of My Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mastery_of_John_Coltrane,_Vol._4:_Trane's_Modes=The Mastery of John Coltrane Vol. IV: Trane's Modes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mastery_of_John_Coltrane,_Vol._1:_Feelin'_Good=The Mastery of John Coltrane Vol. 1: Feelin' Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Stories=Ten Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possessed_by_Fire=Possessed by Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_Twilight_(album)=Civil Twilight (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Weather=Holy Weather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alone_(EP)=Alone (Sistar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Roulette_(The_Alchemist_album)=Russian Roulette (The Alchemist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Things_(Linkin_Park_album)=Living Things (Linkin Park)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_or_Flight_(Hoobastank_album)=Fight or Flight (Hoobastank)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_in_a_Beautiful_Light=Life in a Beautiful Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100%25_No_Modern_Talking=100% No Modern Talking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Only_Place=The Only Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dross_Glop=Dross Glop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_(Motion_City_Soundtrack_album)=Go (Motion City Soundtrack)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Old_Are_You%3F_(album)=How Old Are You? (album Robin Gibb)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leone_di_Lernia_contro_tutti=Leone Di Lernia contro tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synthetica=Synthetica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Agent_(Robin_Gibb_album)=Secret Agent (Robin Gibb)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4:_The_Remix=4: The Remix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Enfant_Sauvage_(album)=L'Enfant Sauvage (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewelry_Box_(T-ara_album)=Jewelry Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Heavy_Rock_to_the_Land=Bring Heavy Rock to the Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Bird_with_Love=To Bird with Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_for_Love=Kill for Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stoned_Immaculate=The Stoned Immaculate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee:_The_Music,_The_Graduation_Album=Glee: The Music, The Graduation Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_&_Roll_Hall_of_Fame_Covers_EP=Rock & Roll Hall of Fame Covers EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entre_el_Cielo_y_el_Infierno=Entre el cielo y el infierno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rata_Blanca_VII=Rata Blanca VII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Llave_de_la_Puerta_Secreta=La llave de la puerta secreta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_Lo_Magellan=Swing Lo Magellan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Million_Lights=A Million Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banga_(album)=Banga (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phase_II_(album)=Phase II (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_on_the_Dancefloor=Back on the Dancefloor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twinkle_(EP)=Twinkle (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infamous_(Motionless_in_White_album)=Infamous (Motionless in White)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satellite_Bay=Satellite Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_Go_By_(The_Offspring_album)=Days Go By (album The Offspring)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canaxis_5=Canaxis 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_4_Myself=Looking 4 Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Zilli_(EP)=Nina Zilli (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avoid_the_Light=Avoid the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Distance_Calling_(album)=Long Distance Calling (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamyu_Pamyu_Revolution=Pamyu Pamyu Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Why_God_Made_the_Radio=That's Why God Made the Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_&_Green_(Baroness_album)=Yellow and Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_&_Liquor_II:_The_Great_American_Rap_Album_Pt._1=Food & Liquor II: The Great American Rap Album Pt. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Noir/Omega_White=Alpha Noir/Omega White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contrast_(Conor_Maynard_album)=Contrast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Junction=Soul Junction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manteca_(album)=Manteca (Red Garland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rojo_(Red_Garland_album)=Rojo (Red Garland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Kinds_of_Weather=All Kinds of Weather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driving_Towards_the_Daylight=Driving Towards the Daylight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Alone=Red Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Try_Me_One_More_Time=Try Me One More Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_the_Sky_Down=Burn the Sky Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folila=Folila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitechapel_(album)=Whitechapel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auch_(album)=Auch (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoners_(album)=Prisoners (The Agonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converge_/_Napalm_Death=Converge/Napalm Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_(Red_Garland_album)=Solar (Red Garland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Paradise_(Sam_Sparro_album)=Return to Paradise (Sam Sparro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havoc_and_Bright_Lights=Havoc and Bright Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasty_as_I_Wanna_Be=Nasty as I Wanna Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Background_Music_(album)=Background Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_Down_Til_We're_Underground=We're Down Til We're Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Hits_(Anna_Abreu_album)=Greatest Hits (Anna Abreu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_and_Breezy=Bright and Breezy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opposites_(album)=Opposites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirty_Miles_West=Thirty Miles West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Cakes=Hot Cakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_See_for_Lookin'=Can't See for Lookin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue's=Blue's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.N.I.C._3=H.N.I.C. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Kylie_Minogue=The Best of Kylie Minogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Day_on_Earth_(album)=Last Day on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascending_to_Infinity=Ascending to Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Kyuss_(EP)=Sons of Kyuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ufabulum=Ufabulum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country,_God_or_the_Girl=Country, God or the Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_There_Are_Grey_Skies=When There Are Grey Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Based_on_a_T.R.U._Story=Based on a T.R.U. Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_of_a_Dyin'_Breed=Last of a Dyin' Breed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_Our_Mother_Ocean=Music for Our Mother Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Blood=Live Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolve_(EP)=Evolve (Chelsea Grin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harakiri_(album)=Harakiri (album Serj Tankian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_(Medina_album)=Forever (album Medina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orca_Symphony_No._1=Orca Symphony No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dee_Does_Broadway=Dee Does Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALT_(album)=ALT (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inhibition_(album)=Inhibition (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shape_Shifter_(album)=Shape Shifter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facciamo_finta_che_sia_vero=Facciamo finta che sia vero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onward_(album)=Onward (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_at_the_Sky's_Edge=Standing at the Sky's Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennette_McCurdy_(album)=Jennette McCurdy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_Indestructible=The Spirit Indestructible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Blue_World_(Red_Garland_album)=It's a Blue World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.E.D._(Ne-Yo_album)=R.E.D. (Ne-Yo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centipede_Hz=Centipede Hz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_(Mandy_Capristo_album)=Grace (Mandy Capristo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivid_(Crystal_Kay_album)=Vivid (Crystal Kay)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1991_(EP)=1991 (Azealia Banks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Fishbowl=Welcome to the Fishbowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Burnin'=Soul Burnin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_La_Costa_Sud=A la costa sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolus_Rex_(album)=Carolus Rex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Melancholy_Connection=The Melancholy Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gossamer_(album)=Gossamer (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Air:_Breathe_It=Fresh A!r: Breathe !t
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooting_Star_(EP)=Shooting Star (Owl City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collide_with_the_Sky=Collide with the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Write_Me_Back=Write Me Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdered_Love=Murdered Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Streetsweeper,_Vol._1=The Streetsweeper, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_25=Bad 25
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Wembley_July_16,_1988=Michael Jackson Live at Wembley July 16, 1988
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudebox=Rudebox (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ground_Dweller=Ground Dweller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walls_Have_Eyes=Walls Have Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_the_Dead_See=The Light the Dead See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cancer_4_Cure=Cancer 4 Cure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_World_(album)=Second World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Gate_of_Sethu=At the Gate of Sethu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_from_Another_Dimension!=Music from Another Dimension!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WIXIW=WIXIW
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minus_the_Machine=Minus the Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Streetsweeper,_Vol._2=The Streetsweeper, Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_No_Leaving_Now=There's No Leaving Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...To_the_Beat_of_a_Dead_Horse=...To the Beat of a Dead Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stairway_to_Hell=Stairway to Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_the_Silver_Screen=Songs from the Silver Screen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unsung_Heroes_(Ensiferum_album)=Unsung Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynch_Mob_(album)=Lynch Mob (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_Piano_and_Drums=Music for Piano and Drums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_(Matchbox_Twenty_album)=North (Matchbox Twenty)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncontrolled_(album)=Uncontrolled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freaky_Tales=Freaky Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_E._Clark's_Extra_Pop_Emporium=Mike E. Clark's Extra Pop Emporium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Song_Contest_2014=Eurovision Song Contest 2014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Privateering_(album)=Privateering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlemagne:_The_Omens_of_Death=Charlemagne: The Omens of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_My_Towel/Industry_Standard=Where's My Towel/Industry Standard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Modern_Jazz_Quartet_at_Music_Inn=The Modern Jazz Quartet at the Music Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Modern_Jazz_Quartet_Plays_No_Sun_in_Venice=The Modern Jazz Quartet Plays One Never Knows (Original Film Score for ''No Sun in Venice'')
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Wahnsinns_fette_Beute=Des Wahnsinns fette Beute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciara_(album)=Ciara (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_(Bloc_Party_album)=Four (Bloc Party)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groovy_(album)=Groovy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Forget_Your_Roots_(album)=Don't Forget Your Roots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PBX_Funicular_Intaglio_Zone=PBX Funicular Intaglio Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_(Big_Bang_album)=Alive (Big Bang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coexist_(album)=Coexist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Union_of_Crowns=The Union of Crowns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Act_I:_Live_in_Rosario=Act I: Live in Rosario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_Pop=Pop Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_(Gary_Barlow_album)=Sing (Gary Barlow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_on_It=Eye on It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnet_(album)=Magnet (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_of_a_Twenty_Year_Old=Spring of a Twenty Year Old
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shields_(album)=Shields (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childhood's_End_(album)=Childhood's End (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danna_Paola_(album)=Danna Paola (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Coated_Fury=Candy Coated Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_2nd_Law=The 2nd Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li-La=Li-La
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_the_Power=Feel the Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_Me_Softly_of_the_Blues=Sing Me Softly of the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perception_(Art_Farmer_album)=Perception (Art Farmer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_by_Day_(EP)=Day by Day (T-ara)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XXX_(Asia_album)=XXX (Asia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonne_nouvelle=Bonne Nouvelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel_Summer_(GOOD_Music_album)=Cruel Summer (GOOD Music)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Away_from_the_World=Away from the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loving_U=Loving U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatre_Is_Evil=Theatre Is Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Surprise=Beautiful Surprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbstleyd=Herbstleyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geliebte_des_Regens=Geliebte des Regens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hipnosis_(Jackie_McLean_album)=Hipnosis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_of_Changes=Ring of Changes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_(EP)=Glory (Iggy Azalea)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_to_Face_(Barclay_James_Harvest_album)=Face to Face (Barclay James Harvest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_Street_Music=Quality Street Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Sing:_No_Plan_B=Born to Sing: No Plan B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muppet_Show_2=The Muppet Show 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borderline_Hymns=Borderline Hymns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasea_(mixtape)=Fantasea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moment_You_Realize_You're_Going_to_Fall=The Moment You Realize You're Going to Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mature_Themes=Mature Themes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Connection_(Papa_Roach_album)=The Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monolith_(Sylosis_album)=Monolith (Sylosis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_and_Bones=Sin and Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illegimitation=Illegimitation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exiled_to_Earth=Exiled to Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oops!_I_Did_It_Again:_The_Best_of_Britney_Spears=Oops!... I Did It Again - The Best of Britney Spears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_(Murder_by_Numbers)=5: Murder by Numbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masterpiece_(album)=The Masterpiece (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ora_(Rita_Ora_album)=Ora (Rita Ora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Frank_Strozier=Fantastic Frank Strozier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginator=Imaginator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheeky_for_a_Reason=Cheeky for a Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_Love_(Pink_album)=The Truth About Love (Pink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesapeake_(album)=Chesapeake (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target_Earth_(album)=Target Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach_Mix=Beach Mix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarchives_Vol._1=Scarchives Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Evisceration=Global Evisceration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_the_Right_Way=Show Me the Right Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_un_grande_sasso=Solo un grande sasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Suicidio_dei_Samurai=Il suicidio dei samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiem_(Verdena_album)=Requiem (Verdena)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wow_(Verdena_album)=Wow (Verdena)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Then_We_Met_Impero=And Then We Met Impero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granvanoeli=Granvanoeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_(soundtrack)=Ribelle (The Brave)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Posto_Del_Fuoco=Al posto del fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_in_Disagio=Welcome in disagio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Milanesi_Ammazzano_il_Sabato=I milanesi ammazzano il sabato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bromio=Bromio (Zu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zu_Side_of_the_Chadbourne=The Zu Side of the Chadbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorhellington=Motorhellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igneo=Igneo (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Teatro_degli_Orrori/Zu=Il Teatro degli Orrori + Zu (split)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longterm_Mentality=Longterm Mentality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_the_Animal_Powers=The Way of the Animal Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirage_Rock=Mirage Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Creatures_Lane=Funny Creatures Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_You_Are=I Am You Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valende=Valende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Astronomy=A New Astronomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Midnight_Room=The Midnight Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concentric_(album)=Concentric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band_of_Brothers_(Hellyeah_album)=Band of Brothers (Hellyeah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godlike_Snake=Godlike Snake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snailking=Snailking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucifer_Songs=Lucifer Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playlist:_The_Very_Best_of_Kansas=Playlist: The Very Best of Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elettrodomestico=Elettrodomestico (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelle_(album)=Pelle (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quello_che_sei=Quello che sei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falso=Falso (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punkreas_Live=Punkreas Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noblesse_Oblige_(album)=Noblesse oblige (Punkreas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futuro_imperfetto=Futuro imperfetto (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_Degrees_West_of_the_Moon=9 Degrees West of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Makes_It_Happen=Tony Makes It Happen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kany_Garcia_(album)=Kany Garcia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radar(Ejabbabbaje)=Radar (Ejabbabbaje)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Silence_(album)=Dead Silence (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Secret_Time=Welcome to Secret Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Awesome_Wave=An Awesome Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bruford_Tapes=The Bruford Tapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_White's_Greatest_Hits=Barry White's Greatest Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Faithfull_(album)=Marianne Faithfull (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smothered,_Covered_&_Chunked=Smothered, Covered & Chunked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_the_Life_of_the_Mind=The Sound of the Life of the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_World_(Boys_Like_Girls_album)=Crazy World (Boys Like Girls)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faintly_Blowing=Faintly Blowing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Summer_Best=A Summer Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacrifice_(Saxon_album)=Sacrifice (Saxon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Collider_(album)=Super Collider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Shame_(Sarah_De_Bono_album)=No Shame (album Sarah De Bono)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joykiller_(album)=The Joykiller (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stones_in_the_Park=The Stones in the Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MA_Doom:_Son_of_Yvonne=MA Doom: Son of Yvonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempest_(Bob_Dylan_album)=Tempest (Bob Dylan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(Angela_Aki_album)=Blue (Angela Aki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Lion_(album)=British Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrowland_(Ryan_Bingham_album)=Tomorrowland (Ryan Bingham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hide_and_Seek_(The_Birthday_Massacre_album)=Hide and Seek (The Birthday Massacre)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles_(album)=Versailles (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Self_Entitled=Self Entitled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Yusef_Lateef=The Blue Yusef Lateef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Burns_(EP)=Helen Burns (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_Your_Love_Big_Enough%3F=Is Your Love Big Enough?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverthorn_(album)=Silverthorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Lights_Go_Out_(EP)=When the Lights Go Out (Havana Brown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spark_Seeker=Spark Seeker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seer_(Swans_album)=The Seer (Swans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounds_That_Can't_Be_Made=Sounds That Can't Be Made
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Kill=Kill Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_and_Nightmares=Dreams and Nightmares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallows_(album)=Gallows (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napalm_(album)=Napalm (Xzibit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_to_the_Night=Good Morning to the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faustian_Echoes=Faustian Echoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autotheism_(album)=Autotheism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parallax_II:_Future_Sequence=The Parallax II: Future Sequence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodega_Bohemia=Bodega Bohemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSN_2012=CSN 2012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Never_Knows_(Beatles_album)=Tomorrow Never Knows (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_(Lecrae_album)=Gravity (Lecrae)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1830m=1830m
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Man_(album)=The Haunted Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Warming_(Pitbull_album)=Global Warming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transit_of_Venus_(album)=Transit of Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_This_Winter's_Night=On This Winter's Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_My_Name_Is...=Hello My Name Is...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_Divine_(album)=Vision Divine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Hath_No_Fury_(Civet_album)=Hell Hath No Fury (Civet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opera_(Andrea_Bocelli_album)=Opera (Andrea Bocelli)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Home_to_Mama=Come Home to Mama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleidoscope_Dream=Kaleidoscope Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_On_the_Lights_(album)=Turn on the Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abominationz=Abominationz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_of_Age=Come of Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advaitic_Songs=Advaitic Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_(In_This_Moment_album)=Blood (album In This Moment)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halcyon_(album)=Halcyon (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reincarnated_(album)=Reincarnated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Horizons_(Flyleaf_album)=New Horizons (album Flyleaf)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Colorful_Character=13 Colorful Character
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Were_a_Movie,_This_Would_Be_Your_Soundtrack=If You Were a Movie, This Would Be Your Soundtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Built_for_Blame,_Laced_with_Shame=Built for Blame, Laced with Shame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Futura=La Futura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carnage_Ending=The Carnage Ending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_(Carly_Rae_Jepsen_album)=Kiss (Carly Rae Jepsen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_Home_(One_Direction_album)=Take Me Home (One Direction)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Inferno=Villa Inferno (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serpent_Sermon=Serpent Sermon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_2012_Performances_Collection=The Complete 2012 Performances Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endless_Procession_of_Souls=Endless Procession of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Afterman:_Ascension=The Afterman: Ascension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elysium_(Pet_Shop_Boys_album)=Elysium (Pet Shop Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Air_(album)=Southern Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silicone_Veil=The Silicone Veil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awakened_(album)=Awakened
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondo_Sex_Head=Mondo Sex Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_(Dan_Deacon_album)=America (Dan Deacon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundark_and_Riverlight=Sundark and Riverlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fires_(Ronan_Keating_album)=Fires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Web_of_Sound=A Web of Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Bless_the_Red_Krayola_and_All_Who_Sail_With_It=God Bless the Red Krayola and All Who Sail with It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Album_Title_Goes_Here=Album Title Goes Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_(The_69_Eyes_album)=X (The 69 Eyes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parklive=Parklive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live!_(Kasabian_album)=Live! - Live at The O2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cut_the_World=Cut the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Send_Me_an_Angel_(album)=Send Me an Angel (Vision Divine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devotion_(Jessie_Ware_album)=Devotion (Jessie Ware)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parigi-Lisbona=Parigi-Lisbona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Taste_Is_Timeless=Good Taste Is Timeless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_(Four_Tet_album)=Pink (Four Tet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honor_Found_in_Decay=Honor Found in Decay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Finland=Live in Finland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_(Taylor_Swift_album)=Red (album Taylor Swift)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veritas_(Agnes_album)=Veritas (Agnes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunken_Condos=Sunken Condos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Walk_the_Line:_A_Celebration_of_the_Music_of_Johnny_Cash=We Walk the Line: A Celebration of the Music of Johnny Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Girl_(album)=Rich Girl (Angie Stone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MONOtono=MONO tono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardust_(Lena_album)=Stardust (album Lena)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_the_Circle_(Mami_Kawada_album)=Square the Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/18_Months=18 Months
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dethalbum_III=Dethalbum III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destinazione_paradiso=Destinazione Paradiso (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.B.A.H.=E.B.A.H.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragrant_World=Fragrant World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tears_on_Tape=Tears on Tape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manticore_and_Other_Horrors=The Manticore and Other Horrors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vital_(Anberlin_album)=Vital (Anberlin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Election_Special=Election Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evolution_of_Man=The Evolution of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Animal=King Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Bites=Classic Bites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plastic_Box=Plastic Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandinavia_(album)=Scandinavia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_Piece_(album)=Jesus Piece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Us_Until_You're_Dead=With Us Until You're Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Time_(Beanie_Sigel_album)=This Time (Beanie Sigel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_at_Salle_Pleyel=A Night at Salle Pleyel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stages_(Melanie_C_album)=Stages (Melanie C)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nextlevelism=Nextlevelism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aftermath_of_the_Lowdown=Aftermath of the Lowdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_One_(BoA_album)=Only One (BoA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheers,_It's_Christmas=Cheers, It's Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hands_That_Thieve=The Hands That Thieve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Wave=Long Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heal_(Loreen_album)=Heal (Loreen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_4Minute=Best of 4Minute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoot!=Zoot! (album Riverside)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apokalypsis_(Chelsea_Wolfe_album)=Apokalypsis (Chelsea Wolfe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grime_and_the_Glow=The Grime and the Glow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koi_No_Yokan=Koi No Yokan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Get_Enough_(Eagle-Eye_Cherry_album)=Can't Get Enough (album Eagle-Eye Cherry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Farmer_Quintet_featuring_Gigi_Gryce=Art Farmer Quintet Featuring Gigi Gryce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Nobody_(soundtrack)=Mr. Nobody (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumps,_Etc.=Mumps, Etc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Spirit_(Richard_Marx_album)=Christmas Spirit (Richard Marx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schemer-Dreamer=Schemer-Dreamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Release_Me_(Barbra_Streisand_album)=Release Me (Barbra Streisand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_II..._The_Journey_Continues_(Act_1)=My Life II... The Journey Continues (Act 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doggumentary=Doggumentary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.F.M._2_(The_Hunger_for_More_2)=H.F.M. 2 (The Hunger for More 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl_Called_Cerveza=A Girl Called Cerveza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/III_(Shiny_Toy_Guns_album)=III (Shiny Toy Guns)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psy_6_(Six_Rules),_Part_1=Psy 6甲 (Six Rules), Part 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afterglow_(Black_Country_Communion_album)=Afterglow (Black Country Communion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Frail_Becoming=A Frail Becoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Trumpets=2 Trumpets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_(The_Gazette_album)=Division (the GazettE)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byrd_Blows_on_Beacon_Hill=Byrd Blows on Beacon Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_(Smash_Mouth_album)=Magic (Smash Mouth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byrd_Jazz=Byrd-Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byrd's_Eye_View=Byrd's Eye View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byrd's_Word=Byrd's Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observator=Observator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Bloods=The Young Bloods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugan_(album)=Sugan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_P.C._Blues=The P.C. Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Garland_Revisited!=Red Garland Revisited!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Frills_(Nik_Kershaw_album)=No Frills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Fuller_with_Red_Garland=Curtis Fuller with Red Garland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Failed_States_(album)=Failed States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GRRR!=GRRR!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Trombone=New Trombone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_...It's_Magic!=Jazz...It's Magic!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sliding_Easy=Sliding Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curtis_Fuller_Jazztet=The Curtis Fuller Jazztet with Benny Golson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagination_(Curtis_Fuller_album)=Imagination (Curtis Fuller)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boss_of_the_Soul-Stream_Trombone=Boss of the Soul-Stream Trombone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_American_Cookin'=South American Cookin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abbey_Road_Sessions_(Kylie_Minogue_album)=The Abbey Road Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanitas_(Anaal_Nathrakh_album)=Vanitas (Anaal Nathrakh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirens_(May_Jailer_album)=Sirens (album May Jailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Fuller_and_Hampton_Hawes_with_French_Horns=Curtis Fuller and Hampton Hawes with French Horns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Trombone_of_Curtis_Fuller=The Magnificent Trombone of Curtis Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crankin'=Crankin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_a_Kind_(EP)=One of a Kind (G-Dragon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison_(Secret_EP)=Poison (Secret)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotus_(Christina_Aguilera_album)=Lotus (Christina Aguilera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Train_(Jason_Aldean_album)=Night Train (Jason Aldean)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reverie_(Tinashe_album)=Reverie (Tinashe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up,_Up_and_Away_(Sonny_Criss_album)=Up, Up and Away (Sonny Criss)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_of_Sonny_Criss=Portrait of Sonny Criss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_Transition=Lost in Transition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/777:_Triple_Seven=777: Triple Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Night=Back to the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matangi_(album)=Matangi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Criss!=This Is Criss!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockin'_in_Rhythm_(Sonny_Criss_album)=Rockin' in Rhythm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Catch_the_Sun!=I'll Catch the Sun!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_and_Soul_(Cabaret_Voltaire_album)=Body and Soul (Cabaret Voltaire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Many_Moods_of_Moses=Many Moods of Moses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocryphon_(album)=Apocryphon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_from_the_Dead_(mixtape)=Back from the Dead (mixtape)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fire_(Matt_Cardle_album)=The Fire (Matt Cardle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_(Parkway_Drive_album)=Atlas (Parkway Drive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychedelic_Pill=Psychedelic Pill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Burns_Red_Presents:_Sleddin'_Hill=August Burns Red Presents: Sleddin' Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signed_and_Sealed_in_Blood=Signed and Sealed in Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R&B_Divas_(album)=R&B Divas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_What_You_Give=Get What You Give
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarred_People=The Scarred People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis'_Greatest_Shit=Elvis' Greatest Shit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_War_You_Cannot_Win=A War You Cannot Win
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_to_4_at_the_5_Spot=10 to 4 at The 5 Spot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atra_Mors=Atra Mors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contact_(Noisettes_album)=Contact (Noisettes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unapologetic=Unapologetic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-ara's_Best_of_Best_2009-2012:_Korean_ver.=T-ara's Best of Best 2009-2012 ~Korean ver.~
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DNA_(Little_Mix_album)=DNA (album Little Mix)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broke_with_Expensive_Taste=Broke with Expensive Taste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soul_Society=The Soul Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chant_(album)=The Chant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conventional_Weapons=Conventional Weapons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vibrato_(album)=Vibrato (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsey_Stirling_(album)=Lindsey Stirling (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_My_Parents=For My Parents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himself_(Gilbert_O'Sullivan_album)=Himself (Gilbert O'Sullivan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Writer,_Not_a_Fighter=I'm a Writer, Not a Fighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cee_Lo's_Magic_Moment=Cee Lo's Magic Moment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sans_attendre=Sans attendre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_the_Quiet_Comes=Until the Quiet Comes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Man's_World_(Anastacia_album)=It's a Man's World (Anastacia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Diamond_in_the_Mind:_Live_2011=A Diamond in the Mind: Live 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_on_Fire_(album)=Girl on Fire (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Your_Mark:_Ultimate_Playlist=Make Your Mark: Ultimate Playlist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bish_Bosch=Bish Bosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_Reasons_to_Die=Twelve Reasons to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis_(Woe,_Is_Me_album)=Genesis (Woe, Is Me)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_Up_the_World_(Steps_album)=Light Up the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapman_Square=Chapman Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_(Ayumi_Hamasaki_EP)=Love (Ayumi Hamasaki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B3_(EP)=B3 EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_in_Touch=Stay in Touch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.E.V.O.=R.E.V.O.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_for_Dracula=Blues for Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Will_Always_Love_You:_The_Best_of_Whitney_Houston=I Will Always Love You: The Best of Whitney Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Behind_Machines=Life Behind Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_(B1A4_album)=1 (B1A4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_of_the_Universe_(album)=Child of the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Your_Chance_(album)=Take Your Chance (Alexander Klaws)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discoveries_(Northlane_album)=Discoveries (Northlane)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Afterman:_Descension=The Afterman: Descension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information_Age_(album)=Information Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_All_You_Deserve=Get All You Deserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Winehouse_at_the_BBC=Amy Winehouse at the BBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamchaser=Dreamchaser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mingus_(Charles_Mingus_album)=Mingus!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Down_(Rival_Sons_album)=Head Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unorthodox_Jukebox=Unorthodox Jukebox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_(Lana_Del_Rey_EP)=Paradise (Lana Del Rey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Fleurs_du_Mal_(Therion_album)=Les Fleurs du Mal (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popcorn_(Arashi_album)=Popcorn (Arashi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Here_&_Lost=Between Here & Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarity_(Zedd_album)=Clarity (album Zedd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Re-Machined:_A_Tribute_to_Deep_Purple's_Machine_Head=Re-Machined: A Tribute to Deep Purple's Machine Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_Place_Right_Time_(album)=Right Place Right Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine_Fucking_Head_Live=Machine Fucking Head Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boiling_Point_(EP)=Boiling Point (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Allelujah!_Don't_Bend!_Ascend!='Allelujah! Don't Bend! Ascend!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giant_(Ahab_album)=The Giant (Ahab)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bumpy_Johnson_Album=The Bumpy Johnson Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiritual_Genocide=Spiritual Genocide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemicals_(EP)=Chemicals (Love and Death)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anomie_&_Bonhomie=Anomie & Bonhomie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oddfellows_(album)=Oddfellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen_(Baptiste_Giabiconi_album)=Oxygen (Baptiste Giabiconi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glad_Rag_Doll_(album)=Glad Rag Doll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C'est_la_vie_(Khaled_album)=C'est la vie (album Khaled)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Warning=Teenage Warning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_Ovation:_The_Greatest_Songs_from_the_Stage=Standing Ovation: The Greatest Songs from the Stage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_White=Psycho White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_(Lacrimosa_album)=Revolution (Lacrimosa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Block=Wu Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_13th_Day=On the 13th Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History:_Mob_Music=History: Mob Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Brooklyn_(EP)=Live in Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_(Sky_Ferreira_EP)=Ghost (Sky Ferreira)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_of_Fame_(Big_Sean_album)=Hall of Fame (Big Sean)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Freakshow_(Hinder_album)=Welcome to the Freakshow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armageddon_(Guy_Sebastian_album)=Armageddon (Guy Sebastian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Out_of_Hell=Straight Out of Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Infinite=The Living Infinite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_on_the_Rocks=Hope on the Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch_and_Bite=Scratch and Bite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heist_(album)=The Heist (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roots_(Gipsy_Kings_album)=Roots (Gipsy Kings)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reborn_(Trapt_album)=Reborn (Trapt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trilogy_(The_Weeknd_album)=Trilogy (The Weeknd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Exposure=Red Exposure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_on_the_Moon_(album)=Blood on the Moon (Chrome)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streets_in_the_Sky=Streets in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memory_Lane:_The_Best_of_McFly=Memory Lane: The Best of McFly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Bugg_(album)=Jake Bugg (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Songs_(...And_You_Will_Know_Us_by_the_Trail_of_Dead_album)=Lost Songs (...And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnnie_Ray_(album)=Johnnie Ray (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melting_(EP)=Melting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Set_to_Nowhere=Destination Set to Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebel_Soul_(Kid_Rock_album)=Rebel Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_a_Big_Night_Out=Music for a Big Night Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blak_and_Blu=Blak and Blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Map_of_All_Our_Failures=A Map of All Our Failures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_from_the_Side_of_the_Moon=The World from the Side of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_(Third_Day_album)=Miracle (Third Day)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reloaded_(Roc_Marciano_album)=Reloaded (Roc Marciano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Release_the_Panic=Release the Panic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rediscovered_(A1_album)=Rediscovered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Press_Play_(EP)=Press Play (BtoB)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathconsciousness=Deathconsciousness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_(Girls_Aloud_album)=Ten (Girls Aloud)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craccracriccrecr=Craccracriccrecr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unified_Field=The Unified Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo_of_Blood=Halo of Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_in_the_Sand=Christmas in the Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ascent_(Wiley_album)=The Ascent (Wiley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIITIIR=RIITIIR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_and_Romance=Battle and Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temper_Temper_(Bullet_for_My_Valentine_album)=Temper Temper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Words_&_Music_(Planxty_album)=Words & Music (Planxty)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bears_for_Lunch=The Bears for Lunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful,_Glorious=Wonderful, Glorious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playlist:_The_Very_Best_of_Destiny's_Child=Playlist: The Very Best of Destiny's Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oltre=Oltre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Duets=Viva Duets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_+_Gold=Cedar + Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PTSD_(album)=PTSD: Post Traumatic Stress Disorder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sempiternal_(album)=Sempiternal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wretched_and_Divine:_The_Story_of_the_Wild_Ones=Wretched and Divine: The Story of the Wild Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Place_I_Love=The Place I Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_the_Walk...Talk_the_Talk=Walk the Walk...Talk the Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muse_(Jolin_Tsai_album)=Muse (Jolin Tsai)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selling_My_Soul=Selling My Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Fire_(album)=Holy Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Your_Eyes_(George_Benson_album)=In Your Eyes (George Benson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byrd_in_the_Wind=Jazz at the Showboat, Vol. II: Byrd in the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Guitar_(album)=Jazz at the Showboat: Volume 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Concept=No Concept
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guitar_Artistry_of_Charlie_Byrd=Charlie's Choice: Jazz at the Showboat, Volume IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Byrd_at_the_Village_Vanguard=Charlie Byrd at the Village Vanguard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_from_the_Underground_(Hollywood_Undead_album)=Notes from the Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Times_and_the_Tides=Between the Times and the Tides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_Sonata=Blues Sonata (Charlie Byrd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin_Impressions=Latin Impressions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pope_Smokes_Dope=The Pope Smokes Dope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evil_Empire_of_Everything=The Evil Empire of Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byrd_at_the_Gate=Byrd at the Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_&_Peace=Girls & Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byrd_Song=Byrd Song: Charlie Byrd with Voices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelonious_Monk_in_Italy=Thelonious Monk in Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metamorphosiz:_The_End_Remixes_Vol._1=Metamorphosiz: The End Remixes, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World's_Most_Hardest_MC_Project=The World's Most Hardest MC Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drums_Around_the_World=Drums Around the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showcase_(Philly_Joe_Jones_album)=Showcase (Philly Joe Jones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis_Revisited_II=Genesis Revisited II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Limit_(Joan_Armatrading_album)=To the Limit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fizzyology=Fizzyology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Authentic_(LL_Cool_J_album)=Authentic (LL Cool J)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_a_Good_Game=Talk a Good Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landing_on_a_Hundred=Landing on a Hundred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_of_Glory=Hands of Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_to_Believe_In_(Anna_Bergendahl_album)=Something to Believe In (Anna Bergendahl)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smoakstack_Sessions_Vol._2=The Smoakstack Sessions Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertikal=Vertikal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunst_(album)=Kunst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_All_In=Let It All In (I Am Kloot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finally_Rich=Finally Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Wind_(EP)=In the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Key_(Joan_Armatrading_album)=The Key (Joan Armatrading)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lumineers_(album)=The Lumineers (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Who_Got_Away=Girl Who Got Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_Love/Return_to_Dust=Love Is Love/Return to Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zion_(Hillsong_United_album)=Zion (Hillsong United)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_(Alice_Nine_album)=9 (Alice Nine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicious_Lies_and_Dangerous_Rumors=Vicious Lies and Dangerous Rumors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Adventure=The Final Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infruset=Infruset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_of_Ashes_(album)=Legacy of Ashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_and_Blues_(Garou_album)=Rhythm and Blues (Garou)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amok_(Atoms_for_Peace_album)=Amok (Atoms for Peace)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Momentos=Los momentos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breezing_(album)=Breezing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Solution_(Buckshot_and_9th_Wonder_album)=The Solution (Buckshot & 9th Wonder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violent_Sky=Violent Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divinity_of_Purpose=The Divinity of Purpose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_Eurovision_Song_Contest_2013=Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2013
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bologna_Violenta_(album)=Bologna violenta (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Nuovissimo_Mondo=Il nuovissimo mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utopie_e_piccole_soddisfazioni=Utopie e piccole soddisfazioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noi_(Eros_Ramazzotti_album)=Noi (Eros Ramazzotti)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takin'_Care_of_Business_(album)=Takin' Care of Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior's_Cookin'=Junior's Cookin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Underground_Resistance=The Underground Resistance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Holocaust_in_Your_Head=A Holocaust in Your Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_cielo_in_una_stanza_(album)=Il cielo in una stanza (album Mina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Due_note=Due note
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach_Samba=Beach Samba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renato_(album)=Renato (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_(Nightmare_album)=Nightmare (Nightmare)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stessa_spiaggia,_stesso_mare=Stessa spiaggia, stesso mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_successi_di_Mina=20 successi di Mina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldenheart=Goldenheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_May_Not_Be_Better=Tomorrow May Not Be Better
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_interpretata_da_Mina=Mina interpretata da Mina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartthrob_(album)=Heartthrob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_canta_Napoli=Mina canta Napoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckless_Abandon_(David_Bromberg_album)=Reckless Abandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minage=Minage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Lights=Burning Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incontro_con_Mina=Incontro con Mina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_canta_o_Brasil=Mina canta o Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Hits_(3_Doors_Down_album)=The Greatest Hits (3 Doors Down)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loud_Tour_Live_at_the_O2=Loud Tour Live at the O2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogs_Eating_Dogs=Dogs Eating Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrine_of_New_Generation_Slaves=Shrine of New Generation Slaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Jade_(album)=Samantha Jade (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papitwo=Papitwo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_River_Plate_(album)=Live at River Plate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.I.R._John_Winston_Ono_Lennon=S.I.R. John Winston Ono Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That_Echoes=All That Echoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_to_the_Good_Times=Here's to the Good Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreens_(album)=Evergreens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chill_Out_Sessions=The Chill Out Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stakk_Attakk=Stakk Attakk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_Magnetic=Quebec Magnetic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_It_Up_(Joe_Cocker_album)=Fire It Up (Joe Cocker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_(Tying_Tiffany_album)=Undercover (Tying Tiffany)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_for_Breakfast=Brain for Breakfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peoples_Temple_(album)=Peoples Temple (Tying Tiffany)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Days,_White_Nights=Dark Days, White Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_with_Scotty_McCreery=Christmas with Scotty McCreery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Christmas,_Baby_(album)=Merry Christmas, Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_(Mac_DeMarco_album)=2 (Mac DeMarco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatefold_(album)=Gatefold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People,_Hell_and_Angels=People, Hell & Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Top:_The_Rarities=Over the Top: The Rarities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Push_the_Sky_Away=Push the Sky Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell'Impero_delle_Tenebre=Dell'impero delle tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sangue_Freddo=A sangue freddo (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Mondo_Nuovo=Il mondo nuovo (Il Teatro degli Orrori)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_Way=The Invisible Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raven_That_Refused_to_Sing_(And_Other_Stories)=The Raven That Refused to Sing (And Other Stories)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcberg=Marcberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_How_the_Wind_Shifts=This Is How the Wind Shifts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pilgrimage_(album)=The Pilgrimage (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemesis_(Stratovarius_album)=Nemesis (Stratovarius)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeletons_&_Majesties_Live=Skeletons & Majesties Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_Possible=Made Possible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passione_(Andrea_Bocelli_album)=Passione (Andrea Bocelli)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collections_(Delphic_album)=Collections (Delphic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mingus_Three=Mingus Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Garland_at_the_Prelude=Red Garland at the Prelude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lil'_Darlin'=Lil' Darlin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Garland_Live!=Red Garland Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Garland_Trio_+_Eddie_%22Lockjaw%22_Davis=Moodsville Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halleloo-Y'-All=Halleloo-Y'-All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nearness_of_You_(Red_Garland_album)=The Nearness of You (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red's_Good_Groove=Red's Good Groove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinnacle_of_Bedlam=Pinnacle of Bedlam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_to_Die=About to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_My_Name=My Name Is My Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramore_(album)=Paramore (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Me=Monkey Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_of_Salvation=Angel of Salvation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dig_Him!=Dig Him!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Jug=Just Jug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invitation_(EP)=Invitation (Ailee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Jack_Meets_the_Boss=Brother Jack Meets the Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preachin'=Preachin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jug_&_Dodo=Jug & Dodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_the_Dark_Arts=Masters of the Dark Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_What%3F!=Now What?!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Painting_(album)=Painting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donkey_Punch_the_Night=Donkey Punch the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanobots_(album)=Nanobots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holidaydream:_Sounds_of_the_Holidays,_Vol._One=HolidayDream: Sounds of the Holidays Vol. One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Out_the_Sun_(album)=Black Out the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories_of_a_Time_to_Come=Memories of a Time to Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Lanes_of_Freedom=Two Lanes of Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graffiti_on_the_Train=Graffiti on the Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowlands_(Klaus_Schulze_album)=Shadowlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_Fly_Trap_LP=Venus Fly Trap LP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chase!=The Chase!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Concert=Chicago Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_voie=Ma voie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afternoon_in_Bed=Afternoon in Bed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_You_Rise=Don't You Rise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Bless_Jug_and_Sonny=God Bless Jug and Sonny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_Bank_Encores=Left Bank Encores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Ammons_in_Sweden=Gene Ammons in Sweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_(Gene_Ammons_album)=Goodbye (Gene Ammons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raised_in_Captivity=Raised in Captivity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truant_/_Rough_Sleeper=Truant / Rough Sleeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Together_Again_for_the_Last_Time=Together Again for the Last Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Ammons_and_Friends_at_Montreux=Gene Ammons and Friends at Montreux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_a_Boy=I Got a Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infestissumam=Infestissumam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believe_Acoustic=Believe Acoustic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momenti=Momenti (album Julio Iglesias)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutto_l'amore_che_ti_manca=Tutto l'amore che ti manca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sono_un_pirata,_sono_un_signore=Sono un pirata, sono un signore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Sinner=Born Sinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_Trippy=Stay Trippy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Initials_B.B.=Initials B.B.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_New_Found_Glory_Christmas=A Very New Found Glory Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idea_of_Beautiful=The Idea of Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_in_the_System=Spirit in the System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Join_the_Q=Join the Q
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebirth_(Jimmy_Cliff_album)=Rebirth (Jimmy Cliff)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meir_(album)=Meir (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Weekend=Every Weekend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Again_(Ayumi_Hamasaki_EP)=Again (Ayumi Hamasaki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Again_(Ayumi_Hamasaki_album)=LOVE again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Influence:_A_Tribute_to_the_Legends_of_Hard_Rock=Under the Influence: A Tribute to the Legends of Hard Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugly_Noise=Ugly Noise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_(EP)=Metal (Newsted)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cool_Cafe=The Cool Cafe: Cooltape Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fading_West=Fading West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Django_Unchained_(soundtrack)=Django Unchained (Original Motion Picture Soundtrack)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Understanding_America=Understanding America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_2PM=Legend of 2PM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_Town_Live=Down Town Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_(Darin_album)=Exit (Darin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Age_(Woodkid_album)=The Golden Age (Woodkid)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeper_(Keith_Jarrett_album)=Sleeper (Keith Jarrett)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ssa2=Ssa2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Mai=3mai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ssajib=Ssajib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PsyFive=PsyFive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remake_&_Mix_18_Beon=Remake & Mix 18 Beon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Life_(Crown_of_Creation_album)=Real Life (Crown of Creation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaving_(EP)=Leaving (Skrillex)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fade_(Yo_La_Tengo_album)=Fade (Yo La Tengo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_for_Me_(album)=Dance for Me (album Mary J. Blige)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inferno_(Metamorfosi_album)=Inferno (Metamorfosi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Io_sono_Murple=Io sono Murple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Cromwell_Plays_Suite_For_Seven_Vices=Lord Cromwell Plays Suite for Seven Vices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epidemia_(album)=Epidemia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senza_orario_Senza_bandiera=Senza orario senza bandiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Teoremi_(album)=I Teoremi (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picchio_dal_pozzo_(album)=Picchio dal Pozzo (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per..._un_mondo_di_cristallo=Per... un mondo di cristallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exile_(Hurts_album)=Exile (Hurts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Following_Sea=Following Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disarm_the_Descent=Disarm the Descent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intorno_alla_mia_cattiva_educazione=Intorno alla mia cattiva educazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Day=The Next Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth.Revolt=Earth.Revolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_Ballads_(album)=Child Ballads (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Native_(album)=Native (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Abhorrence_Dementia=In Abhorrence Dementia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Beast_or_Not_to_Beast=To Beast or Not to Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_It_Hood=Keep It Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Sirens=Lost Sirens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Time_Lapse=In a Time Lapse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roulette_(album)=Roulette (Blue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_biglietto_del_tram=Un biglietto del tram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodsports_(album)=Bloodsports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakup_Song=Breakup Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_(Black_Sabbath_album)=13 (Black Sabbath)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_20/20_Experience=The 20/20 Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Electric_(album)=English Electric (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awayland=Awayland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sympathetic_Resonance_(album)=Sympathetic Resonance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Never_Ends=Party Never Ends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_You're_Meant_to_Be=All You're Meant to Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_'Duff=Tough 'Duff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_in_the_Scorpio=Moon in the Scorpio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Talk_(Kate_Nash_album)=Girl Talk (Kate Nash)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tape_Deck_Heart=Tape Deck Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hymns_to_the_Rising_Sun=Hymns to the Rising Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbound_(Yngwie_Malmsteen_album)=Spellbound (Yngwie Malmsteen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Early_Years_(Eluveitie_album)=The Early Years (Eluveitie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Tales=Christmas Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transition_(Steve_Lukather_album)=Transition (Steve Lukather)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OutRun_(album)=OutRun (Kavinsky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sokka_irti=Sokka irti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoner_of_Conscious=Prisoner of Conscious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Young_Droogs=All the Young Droogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_McGraw_&_Friends=Tim McGraw & Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_New_York_(James_Brown_album)=The Payback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_in_Return=Anything in Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Device_(Device_album)=Device (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Machine=Delta Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_(Amorphis_album)=Circle (Amorphis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terror_(album)=The Terror (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_On_Die_Young=Come On Die Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Migrant_(album)=Migrant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Way_Down_(Tom_Odell_album)=Long Way Down (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_It_Up:_I_Love_Dance=Shake It Up: I Love Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Alien_Broadcasts=Live Alien Broadcasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Songs_(Destiny's_Child_album)=Love Songs (Destiny's Child)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Messenger_(Johnny_Marr_album)=The Messenger (Johnny Marr)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_(Patrick_Nuo_album)=Welcome (Patrick Nuo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topple_the_Giants=Topple the Giants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_in_the_Room=Spirit in the Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Change_Becomes_Us=Change Becomes Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excess_All_Areas_(Shy_album)=Excess All Areas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaking_the_Habitual=Shaking the Habitual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Traitor,_True_Whore=True Traitor, True Whore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/301_(album)=301 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_Not_Around_Any_Longer=Gone Not Around Any Longer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blodsvept=Blodsvept
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Sock=Old Sock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XIII_(Rage_album)=XIII (Rage)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summit_(album)=Summit-Reunion Cumbre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resilience_(Drowning_Pool_album)=Resilience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuba_Sounds=Tuba Sounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedown_Machine=Comedown Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alto_Madness=Alto Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenkins,_Jordan_and_Timmons=Jenkins, Jordan and Timmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Savage_Playground=The Savage Playground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingua_Mortis=Lingua Mortis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Oblivion=Welcome Oblivion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_Eyes=Jazz Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_Time=The Mystery of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volume_3_(She_&_Him_album)=Volume 3 (She & Him)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_(Rage_album)=Ghosts (Rage)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vessel_(Twenty_One_Pilots_album)=Vessel (Twenty One Pilots)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_from_the_Noise_Years=The Best from the Noise Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrote_a_Song_for_Everyone=Wrote a Song for Everyone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steppin'_Out_(Joan_Armatrading_album)=Steppin' Out (Joan Armatrading)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_in_This_Hell=Heaven in This Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_Rock_and_Roll=Save Rock and Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Luna_Park=Dream Theater: Live at Luna Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Vampires_of_the_City=Modern Vampires of the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaw_Gentlemen_&_Shady_Ladies=Outlaw Gentlemen & Shady Ladies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Shame_Is_True=My Shame Is True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Dog_Barking=Black Dog Barking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Other_Side=Welcome to the Other Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangsta's_Paradise_(album)=Gangsta's Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Session_Live=Soul Session Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Apollo_1995=Live at the Apollo 1995
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_(EP)=July (Katatonia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocks_and_Honey=Rocks and Honey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inception/Nostalgia=Inception/Nostalgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Light_(Primal_Scream_album)=More Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_Several_Possible_Musiks=One of Several Possible Musiks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Boy_(album)=Sonny Boy (Sonny Rollins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_the_Universe=Free the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_the_Cover=Color the Cover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.O._(album)=M.O.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ungrateful_(album)=Ungrateful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bankrupt!=Bankrupt!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utopia_(EP)=Utopia (Kerli)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_North_Borders=The North Borders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_(Matt_Simons_album)=Pieces (Matt Simons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitch_Black_(EP)=Pitch Black (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_Put_Dinosaurs_Here=The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Is_the_Limit=Sky Is the Limit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stress_(Stress_album)=Stress (Stress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelhouse_(album)=Wheelhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(Nosaj_Thing_album)=Home (Nosaj Thing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyrth,_Wynd_and_Fyre=Eyrth, Wynd and Fyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_a_Scene=Make a Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confusa_e_felice=Confusa e felice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Than_Just_a_Dream=More Than Just a Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fat_Boys_Are_Back=The Fat Boys Are Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_&_Beautiful=Big & Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_World_(Connie_Talbot_album)=Beautiful World (Connie Talbot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Light_Orchestra_Live=Electric Light Orchestra Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravitas_(Asia_album)=Gravitas (Asia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nexus_(album)=The Nexus (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentimento_(EP)=Sentimento (EP Valerio Scanu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_(Suicidal_Tendencies_album)=13 (Suicidal Tendencies)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grimy_Awards=The Grimy Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unstoppable_Momentum=Unstoppable Momentum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cale_Comes_Alive=John Cale Comes Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venomous_Rat_Regeneration_Vendor=Venomous Rat Regeneration Vendor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safety_Pin_&_Leopard_Skin=Safety Pin & Leopard Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Demos_to_Demons:_1989-1992=From Demos to Demons 1989-1992
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Spring_Day=One Spring Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramrod_(EP)=Ramrod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Minutes_(album)=The Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_(First_Exit_to_Brooklyn)=York (First Exit to Brooklyn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nocturnes_(Little_Boots_album)=Nocturnes (Little Boots)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Be_Loved=To Be Loved (Michael Bublé)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overgrown=Overgrown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blow_(Foetus_album)=Blow (Foetus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Float_(Styles_P_album)=Float (Styles P)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C'mon_Take_on_Me=C'mon Take on Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Yellow_Moon=Old Yellow Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Romance_(Charli_XCX_album)=True Romance (Charli XCX)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Remains_(Hell_album)=Human Remains (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dixie_Dead=The Dixie Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_to_the_Moon=Sing to the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AC4_(album)=AC4 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_the_World=Burn the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pale_Green_Ghosts=Pale Green Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frequency_Unknown=Frequency Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_a_Rose_(album)=Like a Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_CBGB's_1984=Live at CBGB's 1984
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cryoshell_(album)=Cryoshell (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_I_Was_an_Eagle=Once I Was an Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Love_(Lee_Hi_album)=First Love (Lee Hi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7752=7752
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Posto_del_Mondo=Al posto del mondo (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Map_of_the_Past=Map of the Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Glass=Under Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Break...Here_to_Party=Spring Break... Here to Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Trailer_Different_Park=Same Trailer Different Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_(The_Band_Perry_album)=Pioneer (The Band Perry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_About_Now_(album)=What About Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5th_Dimension_(album)=5th Dimension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_of_New_Hope=The Land of New Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_French_Songs=Little French Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specter_at_the_Feast=Specter at the Feast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_High_(album)=Flying High (The Irresistible Force)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_(Chris_Brown_album)=X (album Chris Brown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Are_We_Not_Perfect%3F=Why Are We Not Perfect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_Lust,_Faith_and_Dreams=Love, Lust, Faith and Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(Rod_Stewart_album)=Time (Rod Stewart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unwelcome=Unwelcome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible_Empire_//_Crescent_Moon=Invisible Empire // Crescent Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_Will_Find_Me=Trouble Will Find Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Like_Clockwork=...Like Clockwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kveikur=Kveikur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_This_World_(Pepper_Adams_Donald_Byrd_Quintet_album)=Out of This World (Pepper Adams Donald Byrd)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_Access_Memories=Random Access Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/99%25_(Ska-P_album)=99%
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Death_to_Destiny=From Death to Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finer_Moments=Finer Moments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demi_(album)=Demi (Demi Lovato)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Words:_The_Final_Recordings=Last Words: The Final Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piccolino=Piccolino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_the_Border=Break the Border
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_For_Carnation_(album)=The For Carnation (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lichter_der_Stadt=Lichter der Stadt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydra_(Otep_album)=Hydra (Otep)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarina_Paris_(album)=Sarina Paris (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UB40_(album)=UB40 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound-G=Sound-G
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqua_(Edgar_Froese_album)=Aqua (Edgar Froese)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prontoacorrere=Pronto a correre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slave_to_the_Empire=Slave to the Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_a_Blackbird=Songs from a Blackbird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_Out_of_Control=Woman Out of Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_the_Single_Man=Sex and the Single Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You_Like_You_Are=I Love You Like You Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Free_(album)=I'm Free!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Grey_(The_Dream_Syndicate_album)=Out of the Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_House_(album)=My House (Oceana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virus_Meadow=Virus Meadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filippo_Neviani_(album)=Filippo Neviani (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_Be_Told,_Part_1=Truth Be Told, Part 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veto_(album)=Veto (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashionably_Late_(Falling_in_Reverse_album)=Fashionably Late
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Waltz=Black Waltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Certified_Crunk=Certified Crunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assembly_(John_Foxx_album)=Assembly (John Foxx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockoon_(T-Square_album)=Rockoon (T-Square)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_(T-Square_album)=Magic (T-Square)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Population_Control_(album)=Population Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spell_My_Name_Right:_The_Album=Spell My Name Right: The Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spook_and_Destroy=Spook & Destroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ding_Dong!=Ding Dong!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Image_Has_Cracked=The Image Has Cracked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Scandal=Best Scandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incredible_Love=Incredible Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocabeck=Chocabeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vibing_Up_the_Senile_Man_(Part_One)=Vibing Up the Senile Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grande_Nazione=Grande nazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stato_libero_di_Litfiba=Stato libero di Litfiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croce_e_delizia=Croce e delizia (album Litfiba)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violetta_(soundtrack)=Violetta (colonna sonora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_We_Should_Have_Written=Songs We Should Have Written
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_of_the_Universe=Eyes of the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_(Blood_on_the_Dance_Floor_album)=Evolution (Blood on the Dance Floor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Madness=Modern Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_(Blood_on_the_Dance_Floor_album)=Epic (Blood on the Dance Floor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_You_See_Is_What_You_Sweat=What You See Is What You Sweat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U22_(album)=U22
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath_the_Boardwalk=Beneath the Boardwalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_R_Man=U R Man (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_(EP)=Destination (SS501)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.T_01_Now=S.T 01 Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SS501_(album)=SS501 (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_My_Love_(SS501_album)=All My Love (SS501)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cantar_es_lo_que_soy=Violetta: La musica è il mio mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Blood_(Blood_on_the_Dance_Floor_album)=Bad Blood (Blood on the Dance Floor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Guy_(album)=Bad Guy (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_2=How to Avoid the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Raining_(album)=It's Raining (album Rain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artpop=Artpop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain's_World=Rain's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Basic=Back to the Basic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternal_Rain=Eternal Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Session_(Lisa_Stansfield_album)=In Session (Lisa Stansfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Classic=The New Classic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landmarks_of_Lunacy=Landmarks of Lunacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_(Natalia_Kills_album)=Trouble (Natalia Kills)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epidemic_of_Violence=Epidemic of Violence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Milton_Keynes_-_Bootleg_Series_Volume_1=Live at Milton Keynes - Bootleg Series Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrivederci,_mostro!=Arrivederci, mostro!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canto_di_primavera=Canto di primavera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_War_(Tamar_Braxton_album)=Love and War (Tamar Braxton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honest_(Future_album)=Honest (album Future)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conduit_(album)=Conduit (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation_Box=Temptation Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucio_Battisti_Vol._2=Lucio Battisti Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lio_(album)=Lio (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/III_(Haloo_Helsinki!_album)=III (Haloo Helsinki!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Be_Love_in_the_World=Still Be Love in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jare_Henrik_Tiihonen_2=Jare Henrik Tiihonen 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avaimet_mun_kulmille=Avaimet mun kulmille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_City_Parade=Black City Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_Away=Shake Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spell_Eater=Spell Eater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non_so_ballare=Non so ballare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mentre_tutto_cambia=Mentre tutto cambia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_with_The_Puppini_Sisters=Christmas with The Puppini Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Blackjazz=Live Blackjazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Justice=Animal Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_Cowgirls_Get_the_Blues_(John_Cale_album)=Even Cowgirls Get the Blues (John Cale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_(The_Puppini_Sisters_album)=Hollywood (The Puppini Sisters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LP_Underground_7.0=Underground 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_in_Angel_City=Trouble in Angel City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Attraction=Dangerous Attraction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graffiti_(Chris_Brown_album)=Graffiti (Chris Brown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LP_Underground_8.0=MMM...Cookies - Sweet Hamster Like Jewels from America!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LP_Underground_9.0=LP Underground 9: Demos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clockwork_Angels_Tour_(album)=Clockwork Angels Tour (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underground_X:_Demos=LP Underground X: Demos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LP_Underground_11.0=Underground Eleven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LP_Underground_12.0=Underground 12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atticus:_...Dragging_the_Lake=Atticus: ...Dragging the Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Prize_in_Sport=Biggest Prize in Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigo_(Never_Shout_Never_album)=Indigo (Never Shout Never)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inventions_for_Electric_Guitar=Inventions for Electric Guitar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyhjyys=Tyhjyys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murhat=Murhat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Culture_Club=The Best of Culture Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betrayal,_Justice,_Revenge=Betrayal, Justice, Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Girls,_Bad_Boys=Hot Girls, Bad Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blazing_Away=Blazing Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4-Wheel_Vibe=4-Wheel Vibe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/924_Forestville_St.=924 Forestville St.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Phantoms,_Forever=Like Phantoms, Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbeat_(Bad_Boys_Blue_album)=Heartbeat (Bad Boys Blue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_No_Crime=Love Is No Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Blue_World=My Blue World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slave_to_the_Music_(album)=Slave to the Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Moves_(Twenty_4_Seven_album)=Street Moves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Silence=House of Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_(album)=Totally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Show_You=I Wanna Show You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Til_Your_River_Runs_Dry='Til Your River Runs Dry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_(Bad_Boys_Blue_album)=Kiss (Bad Boys Blue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Blue_Horizons=To Blue Horizons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Bang_Bang_(Bad_Boys_Blue_album)=Bang Bang Bang (Bad Boys Blue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_the_Light=Follow the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonite_(Bad_Boys_Blue_album)=Tonite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_(Bad_Boys_Blue_album)=Around the World (Bad Boys Blue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windows_(Amanda_Somerville_album)=Windows (Amanda Somerville)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_&_Soul_(Bad_Boys_Blue_album)=Heart & Soul (Bad Boys Blue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Destination_(album)=Final Destination (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_Clarity=Through Clarity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_(Dufresne_album)=Atlantic (Dufresne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_(Dufresne_album)=Lovers (Dufresne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AM_PM_(Dufresne_album)=AM PM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_This=Smoke This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil:_Live=Evil Live (Lynch Mob)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/REvolution:_Live!=REvolution: Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Afterparty=The Afterparty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirits_of_the_Western_Sky=Spirits of the Western Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tortured_Existence=Tortured Existence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rapsody_Overture=The Rapsody Overture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumvirate_(album)=Triumvirate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Sour=Sweet Sour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springhead_Motorshark=Springhead Motorshark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Best_Single_2=Every Best Single 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey,_Where's_Your_Brother%3F=Hey, Where's Your Brother?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subliminal_(album)=Subliminal (Maître Gims)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inferno_(Petra_Marklund_album)=Inferno (Petra Marklund)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loud_(EP)=Loud (R5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Country_(Cassandra_Wilson_album)=Another Country (Cassandra Wilson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azumanga_Daioh_soundtracks=Colonne sonore di Azumanga daiō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firebirth=Firebirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mediterranean_Odyssey=A Mediterranean Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collection_(Amanda_Lear_album)=The Collection (Amanda Lear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalo=Along
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyah=Fyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Air_Is_on_Fire_(album)=The Air Is on Fire: Soundscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fist_Full_of_Bees_(album)=Fist Full of Bees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Era_(Elvenking_album)=Era (Elvenking)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Barrel_(album)=Double Barrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitome_of_Illusions=Epitome of Illusions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Death_Worship=The Ultimate Death Worship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Sounds=The New Sounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Davis_Quartet_(album)=Miles Davis Quartet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Traffic=Black Traffic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tattooed_Beat_Messiah=Tattooed Beat Messiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOL_Sessions_Undercover_(Thirty_Seconds_to_Mars_EP)=AOL Sessions Undercover (Thirty Seconds to Mars)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Davis_Quintet_(album)=Miles Davis Quintet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Davis_with_Sonny_Rollins=Miles Davis with Sonny Rollins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Davis_All_Stars,_Volume_1=Miles Davis All Stars Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schiena=Schiena (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Davis_All_Stars,_Volume_2=Miles Davis All Stars Vol. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Davis,_Volume_3=Miles Davis Vol. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Jazz_Trumpets=Modern Jazz Trumpets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_a_World_Full_of_Hate=Live in a World Full of Hate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gil_Evans_Orchestra_Plays_the_Music_of_Jimi_Hendrix=The Gil Evans Orchestra Plays the Music of Jimi Hendrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_in_Love_(Sanna_Nielsen_album)=I'm in Love (album Sanna Nielsen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Rainbow_'74=Live at the Rainbow '74
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifth_Angel_(album)=Fifth Angel (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Will_Tell_(Fifth_Angel_album)=Time Will Tell (Fifth Angel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Country_Maid=North Country Maid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steppin'_on_Water=Steppin' on Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caustic_Window_(album)=Caustic Window (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobra_and_the_Lotus_(album)=Kobra and the Lotus (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Way_(Major_Harris_album)=My Way (Major Harris)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernobyl_7991=Chernobyl 7991
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Art=Early Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Say_Never_(Brandy_album)=Never Say Never (album Brandy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Best!=All the Best!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_&_White_(Flow_album)=Black and White (Flow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flow_The_Best=Flow the Best 〜Single Collection〜
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remembering_Leadbelly=Remembering Leadbelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diabolic_Impious_Evil=Diabolic Impious Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blasphemers'_Maledictions=Blasphemers' Maledictions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_(R.E.M._album)=Green (R.E.M.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Re-Animated_(EP)=Re-Animated (EP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Bluesman=I'm a Bluesman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.N.A._(John_Foxx_album)=D.N.A. (John Foxx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seasons_in_the_Abyss=Seasons in the Abyss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaia's_Legacy=Gaia's Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zii_e_Zie=Zii e Zie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilia_(album)=Emilia (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Big_World_(album)=Big Big World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_World_(Emilia_Rydberg_album)=My World (Emilia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Albert_Ayler=My Name Is Albert Ayler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bells_(album)=Bells (album Albert Ayler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirits_Rejoice=Spirits Rejoice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Is_Mine_(album)=The Boy Is Mine (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_in_Concert_Newcastle_City_Hall_1974=Live in Concert Newcastle City Hall 1974
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En_helt_ny_jul=En Helt Ny Jul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shores_of_Molokai_(Buckethead_album)=The Shores of Molokai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_God_Is_Blue=My God Is Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liebling_(album)=Liebling (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_in_Bethlehem=Christmas in Bethlehem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avatar_(Avatar_album)=Avatar (Avatar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Bang_Boom_Boom=Bang Bang Boom Boom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_In_(Johnny_Winter_album)=Let Me In (Johnny Winter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruines_Humaines=Ruines Humaines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meu_Jeito,_Seu_Jeito=Meu Jeito, Seu Jeito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Rainbow=Welcome to Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Japan_(EP)=Shake It Up: Made in Japan Digital EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odissea=Odissea (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adesso=Adesso (Mango)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Tomorrow=Welcome to Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_quasi_Jannacci=Mina quasi Jannacci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Love=Welcome to Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godine_nestvarne=Godine nestvarne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inseguendo_l'aquila=Inseguendo l'aquila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirtaki_(album)=Sirtaki (album)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_l'acqua=Come l'acqua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Detroit_to_St_Germain=From Detroit to st Germain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schock=Schock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia_(Mango_album)=Australia (Mango)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_Mixes=The Dream Mixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_mio_meglio_n._4=Del mio meglio n. 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Di_tanto_in_tanto=Di tanto in tanto
