http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_of_Darkness=L'armata delle tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birth_of_a_Nation=Nascita di una nazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade_Runner=Blade Runner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blazing_Saddles=Mezzogiorno e mezzo di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Velvet_(film)=Velluto blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Lyndon=Barry Lyndon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer_(film)=Buffy l'ammazzavampiri (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braveheart=Braveheart - Cuore impavido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_(1966_film)=Batman (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_(1989_film)=Batman (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_&_Robin_(film)=Batman & Robin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Forever=Batman Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Returns=Batman - Il ritorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_of_the_Monster=La sposa del mostro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Kane=Quarto potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crouching_Tiger,_Hidden_Dragon=La tigre e il dragone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chariots_of_Fire=Momenti di gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destry_Rides_Again=Partita d'azzardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dressed_to_Kill_(1980_film)=Vestito per uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Strangelove=Il dottor Stranamore - Ovvero: come ho imparato a non preoccuparmi e ad amare la bomba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Boot=U-Boot 96
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evil_Dead=La casa (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_and_Innocent=Giovane e innocente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_New_York=1997: Fuga da New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_Wide_Shut=Eyes Wide Shut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enter_the_Dragon=I 3 dell'Operazione Drago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Dead_II=La casa 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearless_(1993_film)=Fearless - Senza paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Weddings_and_a_Funeral=Quattro matrimoni e un funerale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Fantasy:_The_Spirits_Within=Final Fantasy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_Love_(film)=Fucking Åmål - Il coraggio di amare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Metal_Jacket=Full Metal Jacket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Godzilla=Il figlio di Godzilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destroy_All_Monsters=Gli eredi di King Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong_vs._Godzilla=Il trionfo di King Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_(1954_film)=Godzilla (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._Biollante=Godzilla contro Biollante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._Megalon=Ai confini della realtà (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._King_Ghidorah=Godzilla contro King Ghidorah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._Mothra=Godzilla contro Mothra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror_of_Mechagodzilla=Distruggete Kong! La Terra è in pericolo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Godzilla=Il ritorno di Godzilla (film 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_or_Glenda=Glen or Glenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_Quest=Galaxy Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_and_Maude=Harold e Maude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heathers=Schegge di follia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong_(1933_film)=King Kong (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_Life_of_Brian=Brian di Nazareth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Streets=Mean Streets - Domenica in chiesa, lunedì all'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python_and_the_Holy_Grail=Monty Python e il Sacro Graal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Congeniality_(film)=Miss Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Neighbor_Totoro=Il mio vicino Totoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulholland_Drive_(film)=Mulholland Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Feebles=Meet the Feebles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanook_of_the_North=Nanuk l'esquimese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_Born_Killers=Assassini nati - Natural Born Killers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Brother,_Where_Art_Thou%3F=Fratello, dove sei?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Sin_(2001_film)=Original Sin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paths_of_Glory=Orizzonti di gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_(1960_film)=Psyco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Mononoke=Princess Mononoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rocky_Horror_Picture_Show=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raging_Bull=Toro scatenato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repo_Man_(film)=Repo Man - Il recuperatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_Generations=Generazioni (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_II:_The_Wrath_of_Khan=Star Trek II - L'ira di Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_First_Contact=Primo contatto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Private_Ryan=Salvate il soldato Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargate_(film)=Stargate (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Texas_Chain_Saw_Massacre=Non aprite quella porta (film 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rock_(film)=The Rock (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Lebowski=Il grande Lebowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breakfast_Club=Breakfast Club (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Graduate=Il laureato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silence_of_the_Lambs_(film)=Il silenzio degli innocenti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_Driver=Taxi Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matrix=Matrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_of_the_Will=Il trionfo della volontà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Shrinking_Man=Radiazioni BX: distruzione uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Living_Dead=La notte dei morti viventi (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terminator=Terminator (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Country=Il grande paese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_Living_Dangerously_(film)=Un anno vissuto pericolosamente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Monkeys=L'esercito delle 12 scimmie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sixth_Sense=The Sixth Sense - Il sesto senso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crying_Game=La moglie del soldato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shawshank_Redemption=Le ali della libertà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_(1982_film)=La cosa (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Planner=Prima o poi mi sposo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Bride_(film)=La storia fantastica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parent_Trap_(1961_film)=Il cowboy con il velo da sposa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/THX_1138=L'uomo che fuggì dal futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Straight_Story=Una storia vera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Samurai=I sette samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Seven=I magnifici sette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good,_the_Bad_and_the_Ugly=Il buono, il brutto, il cattivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_the_End_of_the_World=Fino alla fine del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbreakable_(film)=Unbreakable - Il predestinato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U-571_(film)=U-571
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Strawberries_(film)=Il posto delle fragole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_of_Desire=Il cielo sopra Berlino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Harry_Met_Sally...=Harry, ti presento Sally...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_(1970_film)=Waterloo (film 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_We_Fight=Why We Fight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WarGames=Wargames - Giochi di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_(franchise)=Carry On (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Game=The War Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_(2000_film)=Traffic (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powaqqatsi=Powaqqatsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JFK_(film)=JFK - Un caso ancora aperto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_Gump=Forrest Gump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Eve=Eva contro Eva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentleman's_Agreement=Barriera invisibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossfire_(film)=Odio implacabile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Show_on_Earth=The Greatest Show on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Cowboy=Un uomo da marciapiede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Years_of_Our_Lives=I migliori anni della nostra vita (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyone_Says_I_Love_You=Tutti dicono I Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Girls_(film)=Beautiful Girls (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anywhere_but_Here_(film)=La mia adorabile nemica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Here_to_Eternity=Da qui all'eternità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Weekend_(film)=Giorni perduti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Waterfront=Fronte del porto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_My_Way=La mia via
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Bedroom=In the Bedroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_on_the_River_Kwai=Il ponte sul fiume Kwai (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gattaca=Gattaca - La porta dell'universo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Future=Ritorno al futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-19:_The_Widowmaker=K-19 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_of_Arabia_(film)=Lawrence d'Arabia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_(1995_film)=Heat - La sfida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apartment=L'appartamento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Beauty_(1999_film)=American Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Emile_Zola=Emilio Zola (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_(1936_film)=San Francisco (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Fisherman=Il grande pescatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Heart_Is_(2000_film)=Qui dove batte il cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Ziegfeld=Il paradiso delle fanciulle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Card_(film)=Green Card - Matrimonio di convenienza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cast_Away=Cast Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happened_One_Night=Accadde una notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Old_Arizona=Notte di tradimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollywood_Revue_of_1929=Hollywood che canta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_of_the_Thousand_Days=Anna dei mille giorni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Crackers_(1930_film)=Animal Crackers (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reds_(film)=Reds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soylent_Green=2022: i sopravvissuti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abyss=The Abyss (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorba_the_Greek_(film)=Zorba il greco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky=Rocky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incubus_(1966_film)=Incubus (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airplane!=L'aereo più pazzo del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Narcissus=Narciso nero (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film)=Metropolis (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lara_Croft:_Tomb_Raider=Lara Croft: Tomb Raider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_Remains_the_Same_(film)=The Song Remains the Same (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Kiss_(1995_film)=French Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Jedi=Il ritorno dello Jedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Luzhin_Defence=La partita - La difesa di Lužin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Jones_and_the_Last_Crusade=Indiana Jones e l'ultima crociata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_at_Tiffany's_(film)=Colazione da Tiffany (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_Needs_Women=Mars Needs Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic_(1997_film)=Titanic (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Day_(1996_film)=Independence Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armageddon_(1998_film)=Armageddon - Giudizio finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_(film)=Guerre stellari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Girl_Who_Lives_Down_the_Lane=Quella strana ragazza che abita in fondo al viale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toy_Story=Toy Story - Il mondo dei giocattoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Empire_Strikes_Back=L'Impero colpisce ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanilla_Sky=Vanilla Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaving_Las_Vegas=Via da Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raiders_of_the_Lost_Ark=I predatori dell'arca perduta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Fever=La febbre del sabato sera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulp_Fiction=Pulp Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_to_America=Il principe cerca moglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Planet=Il pianeta proibito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Recall_(1990_film)=Atto di forza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller's_Crossing=Crocevia della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepy_Hollow_(film)=Il mistero di Sleepy Hollow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulan_(1998_film)=Mulan (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casablanca_(film)=Casablanca (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnie_Darko=Donnie Darko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tora!_Tora!_Tora!=Tora! Tora! Tora!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manchurian_Candidate_(1962_film)=Va' e uccidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyeball_(film)=Gatti rossi in un labirinto di vetro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_Street_(1987_film)=Wall Street (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Done_Him_Wrong=Lady Lou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Earth_(film)=La buona terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Wonderful_Life=La vita è meravigliosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Fair_(1933_film)=Montagne russe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Shoes_(1948_film)=Scarpette rosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Brides_for_Seven_Brothers=Sette spose per sette fratelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Amy=In cerca di Amy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Racket_(1928_film)=The Racket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_(1927_film)=Ali (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7th_Heaven_(1927_film)=Settimo cielo (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skippy_(film)=Skippy (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trader_Horn_(1931_film)=Trader Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Champ_(1931_film)=Il campione (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Girl_(1931_film)=Bad Girl (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hour_with_You=Un'ora d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Star_Final=Five Star Final
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Express_(film)=Shanghai Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smiling_Lieutenant=L'allegro tenente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_for_a_Day=Signora per un giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_a_Fugitive_from_a_Chain_Gang=Io sono un evaso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Life_of_Henry_VIII=Le sei mogli di Enrico VIII (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_South=I racconti dello zio Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barretts_of_Wimpole_Street_(1934_film)=La famiglia Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flirtation_Walk=Passeggiata d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_the_Navy=Marinai all'erta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Divorcee=Cerco il mio amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_of_Love=Una notte d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Rothschild=La casa dei Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Villa!=Viva Villa!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Parade=Angeli del dolore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Man_(film)=L'uomo ombra (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alibi_(1929_film)=Alibi (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broadway_Melody=La canzone di Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_House_(1930_film)=The Big House (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Patriot_(2000_film)=Il patriota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disraeli_(1929_film)=Disraeli (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divorcee=La divorziata (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Parade=Il principe consorte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Melody_of_1936=Follie di Broadway 1936
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Blood_(1935_film)=Capitan Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lives_of_a_Bengal_Lancer_(film)=I lancieri del Bengala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Informer_(1935_film)=Il traditore (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naughty_Marietta_(film)=Terra senza donne (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Copperfield_(1935_film)=Davide Copperfield (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruggles_of_Red_Gap=Il maggiordomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Adverse=Avorio nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Hat=Cappello a cilindro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libeled_Lady=La donna del giorno (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Deeds_Goes_to_Town=È arrivata la felicità (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Louis_Pasteur=La vita del dottor Pasteur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Smart_Girls=Tre ragazze in gamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tale_of_Two_Cities_(1935_film)=Le due città (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awful_Truth=L'orribile verità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_End_(1937_film)=Strada sbarrata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Old_Chicago=L'incendio di Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hundred_Men_and_a_Girl=Cento uomini e una ragazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Horizon_(1937_film)=Orizzonte perduto (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Door=Palcoscenico (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_My_Mother=Tutto su mia madre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise:_A_Song_of_Two_Humans=Aurora (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Daughters=Quattro figlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grande_Illusion=La grande illusione (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Test_Pilot_(film)=Arditi dell'aria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Victory=Tramonto (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Affair_(1939_film)=Un grande amore (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninotchka=Ninotchka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Mice_and_Men_(1939_film)=Uomini e topi (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Smith_Goes_to_Washington=Mr. Smith va a Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stagecoach_(1939_film)=Ombre rosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Wonderland_(1933_film)=Alice nel Paese delle Meraviglie (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sting=La stangata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philadelphia_Story_(film)=Scandalo a Filadelfia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ring_(2002_film)=The Ring (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_This,_and_Heaven_Too=Paradiso proibito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Correspondent_(film)=Il prigioniero di Amsterdam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Dictator=Il grande dittatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Voyage_Home=Lungo viaggio di ritorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_the_Dead_(1985_film)=Il giorno degli zombi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_of_Evil=L'infernale Quinlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apt_Pupil_(film)=L'allievo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenny_(film)=Lenny (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodfellas=Quei bravi ragazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Blue=Le Grand Bleu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_of_the_Dead=Dawn of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Knight's_Tale=Il destino di un cavaliere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schindler's_List=Schindler's List - La lista di Schindler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M_(1931_film)=M - Il mostro di Düsseldorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Away_Home=L'incredibile volo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conversation=La conversazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Hall=Io e Annie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_San_Pietro=The Battle of San Pietro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clue_(film)=Signori, il delitto è servito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marked_for_Death=Programmato per uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_to_Kill=Duro da uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Siege=Trappola in alto mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Deadly_Ground=Sfida tra i ghiacci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glimmer_Man=Delitti inquietanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Decision=Decisione critica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Siege_2:_Dark_Territory=Trappola sulle Montagne Rocciose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_for_Justice=Giustizia a tutti i costi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Down_Below_(1997_film)=Fire Down Below - L'inferno sepolto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticker_(2001_film)=Ticker - Esplosione finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Past_Dead=Infiltrato speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_Wounds=Ferite mortali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strategic_Air_Command_(film)=Aquile nell'infinito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caine_Mutiny_(film)=L'ammutinamento del Caine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_African_Queen_(film)=La regina d'Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_and_Costello_Meet_Frankenstein=Il cervello di Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That_Jazz_(film)=All That Jazz - Lo spettacolo comincia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam's_Rib=La costola di Adamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinatown_(1974_film)=Chinatown (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bank_Dick=Un comodo posto in banca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Me_Deadly=Un bacio e una pistola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_America=Il ribelle dell'Anatolia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That_Heaven_Allows=Secondo amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blood_of_Jesus=The Blood of Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badlands_(film)=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Graffiti=American Graffiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jazz_Singer=Il cantante di jazz (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_and_Clyde_(film)=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Lies=True Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_(1926_film)=Come vinsi la guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Park_(film)=Jurassic Park (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCabe_&_Mrs._Miller=I compari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ladykillers=La signora omicidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirited_Away=La città incantata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_Man=Un uomo tranquillo (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brief_Encounter=Breve incontro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guess_Who's_Coming_to_Dinner=Indovina chi viene a cena?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Man=Il terzo uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellraiser=Hellraiser (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creature_from_the_Black_Lagoon=Il mostro della laguna nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aladdin_(1992_Disney_film)=Aladdin (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Band_Wagon=Spettacolo di varietà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Parade=La grande parata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blacksmith_Scene=Blacksmith Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Pirate=Il pirata nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringing_Up_Baby=Susanna!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Blossoms=Giglio infranto (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_of_Frankenstein=La moglie di Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan's_Travels=I dimenticati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheat_(1915_film)=I prevaricatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Lights=Luci della città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civilization_(film)=Civilization (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cops_(film)=Poliziotti (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Corner_in_Wheat=A Corner in Wheat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cool_World_(film)=The Cool World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_by_Northwest=Intrigo internazionale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Birds_(1963_film)=Dead Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_the_Earth_Stood_Still=Ultimatum alla Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detour_(1945_film)=Detour - Deviazione per l'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Docks_of_New_York=I dannati dell'oceano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_the_Right_Thing=Fa' la cosa giusta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deer_Hunter=Il cacciatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dont_Look_Back=Dont Look Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck_Soup_(1933_film)=La guerra lampo dei Fratelli Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Rider=Easy Rider - Libertà e paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.T._the_Extra-Terrestrial=E.T. l'extra-terrestre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exploits_of_Elaine=I misteri di New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Norte_(film)=El Norte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Easy_Pieces=Cinque pezzi facili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Gordon_(serial)=Flash Gordon (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_of_Evil=Le forze del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footlight_Parade=Viva le donne!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasia_(1940_film)=Fantasia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein_(1931_film)=Frankenstein (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Manger_to_the_Cross=From the Manger to the Cross; or, Jesus of Nazareth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fury_(1936_film)=Furia (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Bites_Dog_(film)=Il cameraman e l'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertie_the_Dinosaur=Gertie il dinosauro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gold_Rush=La febbre dell'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godfather_Part_II=Il padrino - Parte II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grass_(1925_film)=Grass: A Nation's Battle for Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Train_Robbery_(1903_film)=The Great Train Robbery (film 1903)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun_Crazy=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heiress=L'ereditiera (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Hinges=Il vendicatore (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Girl_Friday=La signora del venerdì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Noon=Mezzogiorno di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitch-Hiker=La belva dell'autostrada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mexican=The Mexican - Amore senza la sicura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hospital=Anche i dottori ce l'hanno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immigrant_(1917_film)=Charlot emigrante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_West_Was_Won_(film)=La conquista del West (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_of_the_Body_Snatchers=L'invasione degli ultracorpi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil_(1985_film)=Brazil (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rear_Window=La finestra sul cortile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Italian_(1915_film)=The Italian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_on_a_Summer's_Day=Jazz in un giorno d'estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaws_(film)=Lo squalo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King:_A_Filmed_Record..._Montgomery_to_Memphis=King: una testimonianza filmata... da Montgomery a Memphis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_of_Sheep=Killer of Sheep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knute_Rockne,_All_American=Knute Rockne All American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Mohicans_(1920_American_film)=The Last of the Mohicans (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Eve=Lady Eva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Beyond_the_Sunset=The Land Beyond the Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lassie_Come_Home=Torna a casa, Lassie!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Learning_Tree=Ragazzo la tua pelle scotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Picture_Show=L'ultimo spettacolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_(1944_film)=Vertigine (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Story=La storia della Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Desert=Deserto che vive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_Tonight=Amami stanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Me_in_St._Louis=Incontriamoci a Saint Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meshes_of_the_Afternoon=Meshes of the Afternoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_of_Morgan's_Creek=Il miracolo del villaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morocco_(film)=Marocco (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Times_(film)=Tempi moderni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Music_Box=La scala musicale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Darling_Clementine=Sfida infernale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Man_Godfrey=L'impareggiabile Godfrey (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspicion_(1941_film)=Il sospetto (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaceballs=Balle spaziali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Spur=Lo sperone nudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville_(film)=Nashville (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_the_Hunter_(film)=La morte corre sul fiume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_at_the_Opera_(film)=Una notte all'opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Past=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outlaw_Josey_Wales=Il texano dagli occhi di ghiaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ox-Bow_Incident=Alba fatale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_House=Animal House (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z_(1969_film)=Z - L'orgia del potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Liaisons=Le relazioni pericolose (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ran_(film)=Ran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poor_Little_Rich_Girl=Una povera bimba molto ricca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Framed_Roger_Rabbit=Chi ha incastrato Roger Rabbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Public_Enemy=Nemico pubblico (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebel_Without_a_Cause=Gioventù bruciata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_River_(1948_film)=Il fiume rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regeneration_(1915_film)=Regeneration (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_the_High_Country=Sfida nell'Alta Sierra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_(1938_film)=The River (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Holiday=Vacanze romane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Morocco=Avventura al Marocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safety_Last!=Preferisco l'ascensore!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_(1959_film)=Ombre (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_of_the_Earth_(1954_film)=Sfida a Silver City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarface_(1932_film)=Scarface - Lo sfregiato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_a_Doubt=L'ombra del dubbio (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_Corridor=Il corridoio della paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaft_(1971_film)=Shaft il detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shop_Around_the_Corner=Scrivimi fermo posta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_(film)=Il cavaliere della valle solitaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_High_(1922_film)=Sky High (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Like_It_Hot=A qualcuno piace caldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Boulevard_(film)=Viale del tramonto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_White_and_the_Seven_Dwarfs_(1937_film)=Biancaneve e i sette nani (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tall_T=I tre banditi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Smell_of_Success=Piombo rovente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thief_of_Bagdad_(1924_film)=Il ladro di Bagdad (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ten_Commandments_(1956_film)=I dieci comandamenti (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Be_or_Not_to_Be_(1942_film)=Vogliamo vivere!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_from_Another_World=La cosa da un altro mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tootsie=Tootsie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_O'Clock_High=Cielo di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Transformers:_The_Movie=Transformers - The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertigo_(film)=La donna che visse due volte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saludos_Amigos=Saludos Amigos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Success_Spoil_Rock_Hunter%3F=La bionda esplosiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Caballeros=I tre caballeros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Bunch=Il mucchio selvaggio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind_(1928_film)=Il vento (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Within_Our_Gates=Within Our Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_of_the_Year=La donna del giorno (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_Under_the_Influence=Una moglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankee_Doodle_Dandy=Ribalta di gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dial_M_for_Murder=Il delitto perfetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxing_Helena=Boxing Helena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blossoms_in_the_Dust=Fiori nella polvere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_Mr._Jordan=L'inafferrabile signor Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_Back_the_Dawn=La porta d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Foot_in_Heaven=Un piede in paradiso (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergeant_York_(film)=Il sergente York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_Row=Delitti senza castigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pied_Piper_(1942_film)=The Pied Piper (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_Harvest_(film)=Prigionieri del passato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Talk_of_the_Town_(1942_film)=Un evaso ha bussato alla porta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pride_of_the_Yankees=L'idolo delle folle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Island_(film)=L'isola della gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Can_Wait_(1943_film)=Il cielo può attendere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Curie_(film)=Madame Curie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Which_We_Serve=Eroi del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_More_the_Merrier=Molta brigata vita beata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_on_the_Rhine=Quando il giorno verrà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_of_Bernadette_(film)=Bernadette (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Since_You_Went_Away=Da quando te ne andasti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne's_World_(film)=Fusi di testa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Christian_Andersen_(film)=Il favoloso Andersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Poppins_(film)=Mary Poppins (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battleship_Potemkin=La corazzata Potëmkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raise_the_Red_Lantern=Lanterne rosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchors_Aweigh_(film)=Due marinai e una ragazza (Canta che ti passa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bells_of_St._Mary's=Le campane di Santa Maria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_Mother=Situazione imbarazzante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Mnemonic_(film)=Johnny Mnemonic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbound_(1945_film)=Io ti salverò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_V_(1944_film)=Enrico V (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bishop's_Wife=La moglie del vescovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlet_(1948_film)=Amleto (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snake_Pit=La fossa dei serpenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_on_34th_Street=Il miracolo della 34ª strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Belinda_(1948_film)=Johnny Belinda (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battleground_(film)=Bastogne (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Letter_to_Three_Wives=Lettera a tre mogli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_of_the_Bride_(1950_film)=Il padre della sposa (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Bravo_(film)=Un dollaro d'onore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Jones_and_the_Temple_of_Doom=Indiana Jones e il tempio maledetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosferatu=Nosferatu il vampiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pumping_Iron=Uomo d'acciaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decision_Before_Dawn=I dannati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witness_(1985_film)=Witness - Il testimone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Craft_(film)=Giovani streghe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_by_Me_(film)=Stand by Me - Ricordo di un'estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakespeare_in_Love=Shakespeare in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferris_Bueller's_Day_Off=Una pazza giornata di vacanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_IV:_The_Voyage_Home=Rotta verso la Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_King=Il re leone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bridge_Too_Far_(film)=Quell'ultimo ponte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Practical_Magic=Amori & incantesimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Better_Tomorrow=A Better Tomorrow (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_of_Cagliostro=Lupin III - Il castello di Cagliostro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goonies=I Goonies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Africa_(film)=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_13th_Warrior=Il 13º guerriero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flirting_with_Disaster_(film)=Amori e disastri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vibes_(film)=Il segreto della piramide d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Karate_Kid=Per vincere domani - The Karate Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Coins_in_the_Fountain_(film)=Tre soldi nella fontana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_a_Many-Splendored_Thing_(film)=L'amore è una cosa meravigliosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picnic_(1955_film)=Picnic (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_(1956_film)=Il gigante (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayonara=Sayonara (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Angry_Men_(1957_film)=La parola ai giurati (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witness_for_the_Prosecution_(1957_film)=Testimone d'accusa (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defiant_Ones=La parete di fango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_at_the_Top_(1959_film)=La strada dei quartieri alti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatomy_of_a_Murder=Anatomia di un omicidio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judgment_at_Nuremberg=Vincitori e vinti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven's_Gate_(film)=I cancelli del cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wag_the_Dog=Sesso & potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel_Intentions=Cruel Intentions - Prima regola non innamorarsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showgirls=Showgirls (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tigger_Movie=T come Tigro... e tutti gli amici di Winnie the Pooh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_Space=Impiegati... male!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Stage=L'ultima tappa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blow_(film)=Blow (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Hard=Trappola di cristallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Jones_(1963_film)=Tom Jones (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilies_of_the_Field_(1963_film)=I gigli del campo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darling_(1965_film)=Darling (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Zhivago_(film)=Il dottor Živago (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Clowns=L'incredibile Murray - L'uomo che disse no
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_&_Me=Roger & Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Russians_Are_Coming,_the_Russians_Are_Coming=Arrivano i russi, arrivano i russi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sand_Pebbles_(film)=Quelli della San Pablo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfie_(1966_film)=Alfie (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogma_(film)=Dogma (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel,_Rachel=La prima volta di Jennifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_and_Juliet_(1968_film)=Romeo e Giulietta (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butch_Cassidy_and_the_Sundance_Kid=Butch Cassidy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_(1994_film)=Speed (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Harbor_(film)=Pearl Harbor (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patton_(film)=Patton, generale d'acciaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airport_(1970_film)=Airport (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_French_Connection_(film)=Il braccio violento della legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_and_Alexandra=Nicola e Alessandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Spinal_Tap=This Is Spinal Tap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabin_Boy=Crociera fuori programma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Hawk=Hudson Hawk - Il mago del furto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Girl_(1995_film)=Party Girl (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlet_(1990_film)=Amleto (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlet_(2000_film)=Hamlet 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlet_(1996_film)=Hamlet (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Father_Was_Away_on_Business=Papà... è in viaggio d'affari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_and_Silent_Bob_Strike_Back=Jay & Silent Bob... Fermate Hollywood!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naqoyqatsi=Naqoyqatsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Man=The Family Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deliverance=Un tranquillo weekend di paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emigrants_(film)=Karl e Kristina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Towering_Inferno=L'inferno di cristallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Day_Afternoon=Quel pomeriggio di un giorno da cani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Touch_of_Class_(film)=Un tocco di classe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goodbye_Girl=Goodbye amore mio!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_English_Patient_(film)=Il paziente inglese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enigma_of_Kaspar_Hauser=L'enigma di Kaspar Hauser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Thing_You_Do!=Music Graffiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throne_of_Blood=Il trono di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Unmarried_Woman=Una donna tutta sola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Home_(1978_film)=Tornando a casa (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Can_Wait_(1978_film)=Il paradiso può attendere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Express_(film)=Fuga di mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kramer_vs._Kramer=Kramer contro Kramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Rae=Norma Rae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Away=All American Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Men_Don't_Wear_Plaid=Il mistero del cadavere scomparso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_to_Come=La vita futura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_the_Moon_(film)=Man on the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_IV=Rocky IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girlfriend_from_Hell=Un diavolo di ragazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toxic_Avenger_(film)=The Toxic Avenger (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tromeo_and_Juliet=Tromeo and Juliet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_of_Nuke_'Em_High=Class of Nuke 'Em High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trainspotting_(film)=Trainspotting (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Becomes_Her=La morte ti fa bella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelma_&_Louise=Thelma & Louise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Women_Want=What Women Want - Quello che le donne vogliono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinary_People=Gente comune (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_Miner's_Daughter_(film)=La ragazza di Nashville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Hawk_Down_(film)=Black Hawk Down - Black Hawk abbattuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elephant_Man_(film)=The Elephant Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_City_(1980_film)=Atlantic City, U.S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Verdict=Il verdetto (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_and_Deliver=La forza della volontà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Charlie_Brown_Christmas=Buon Natale, Charlie Brown!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terms_of_Endearment=Voglia di tenerezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_Stuff_(film)=Uomini veri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tender_Mercies=Tender Mercies - Un tenero ringraziamento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Soldier's_Story=Storia di un soldato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Places_in_the_Heart=Le stagioni del cuore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prizzi's_Honor=L'onore dei Prizzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_of_the_Spider_Woman_(film)=Il bacio della donna ragno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_and_Her_Sisters=Hannah e le sue sorelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platoon_(film)=Platoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_(1996_film)=Scream (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man=Dead Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topkapi_(film)=Topkapi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranus_(film)=Uranus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matrix_Reloaded=Matrix Reloaded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jailhouse_Rock_(film)=Il delinquente del rock and roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Emperor=L'ultimo imperatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadcast_News_(film)=Dentro la notizia - Broadcast News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatal_Attraction=Attrazione fatale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_and_Glory_(film)=Anni '40
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonstruck=Stregata dalla luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_Man=Rain Man - L'uomo della pioggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_Burning=Mississippi Burning - Le radici dell'odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Girl=Una donna in carriera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driving_Miss_Daisy=A spasso con Daisy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Poets_Society=L'attimo fuggente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_of_Dreams=L'uomo dei sogni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Left_Foot=Il mio piede sinistro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dances_with_Wolves=Balla coi lupi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awakenings=Risvegli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_(1990_film)=Ghost - Fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godfather_Part_III=Il padrino - Parte III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Beast_(1991_film)=La bella e la bestia (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugsy=Bugsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_of_Tides=Il principe delle maree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unforgiven=Gli spietati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howards_End_(film)=Casa Howard (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scent_of_a_Woman_(1992_film)=Scent of a Woman - Profumo di donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Name_of_the_Father_(film)=Nel nome del padre (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Piano=Lezioni di piano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minority_Report_(film)=Minority Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.I._Artificial_Intelligence=A.I. - Intelligenza artificiale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Does_Dallas=Giochi maliziosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Buckaroo_Banzai_Across_the_8th_Dimension=Le avventure di Buckaroo Banzai nella quarta dimensione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groundhog_Day_(film)=Ricomincio da capo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiz_Show_(film)=Quiz Show (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Postino:_The_Postman=Il postino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babe_(film)=Babe, maialino coraggioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_13_(film)=Apollo 13 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sense_and_Sensibility_(film)=Ragione e sentimento (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Maguire=Jerry Maguire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_(film)=Shine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Good_as_It_Gets=Qualcosa è cambiato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Full_Monty=Full Monty - Squattrinati organizzati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Confidential_(film)=L.A. Confidential (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Will_Hunting=Will Hunting - Genio ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_(film)=Elizabeth (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_Beautiful=La vita è bella (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Red_Line_(1998_film)=La sottile linea rossa (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gosford_Park=Gosford Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cries_and_Whispers=Sussurri e grida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Insider_(film)=Insider - Dietro la verità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moulin_Rouge!=Moulin Rouge!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braindead_(film)=Splatters - Gli schizzacervelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_Boeing_(1965_film)=Boeing Boeing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Patent_Leather_Kid=Ferro e fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderbolt_(1929_film)=La mazzata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Goddess_(1930_film)=La dea verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Pond=La conquista dell'America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulldog_Drummond_(1929_film)=Cercasi avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rogue_Song=Amor gitano (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Claus_Conquers_the_Martians=Santa Claus Conquers the Martians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs_Brown=La mia regina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_to_Tango=Appuntamento a tre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fools_Rush_In_(1997_film)=Mela e Tequila - Una pazza storia d'amore con sorpresa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Element=Il quinto elemento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boys_from_Brazil_(film)=I ragazzi venuti dal Brasile (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpaceCamp=Space Camp - Gravità zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphaville_(film)=Agente Lemmy Caution: missione Alphaville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracy_Theory_(film)=Ipotesi di complotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Santa_Clause=Santa Clause
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Thin_Man=Dopo l'uomo ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Thin_Man=Si riparla dell'uomo ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Free_Soul=Io amo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Family_of_Broadway=La famiglia reale di Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Jekyll_and_Mr._Hyde_(1931_film)=Il dottor Jekyll (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guardsman=The Guardsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Thin_Man=L'ombra dell'uomo ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_Thin_Man=Il canto dell'uomo ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Man_Goes_Home=L'uomo ombra torna a casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Affairs_of_Cellini=Gli amori di Benvenuto Cellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_V:_The_Final_Frontier=Star Trek V - L'ultima frontiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Umbrellas_of_Cherbourg=Les Parapluies de Cherbourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_with_Dirty_Faces=Gli angeli con la faccia sporca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abe_Lincoln_in_Illinois_(film)=Abramo Lincoln (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Serenade=Ho sognato un angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gospel_According_to_St._Matthew_(film)=Il Vangelo secondo Matteo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/None_but_the_Lonely_Heart_(film)=Il ribelle (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowling_for_Columbine=Bowling a Columbine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/28_Days_Later=28 giorni dopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dove_(1927_film)=The Dove (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_the_Sun_(film)=L'impero del sole (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_Encounters_of_the_Third_Kind=Incontri ravvicinati del terzo tipo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darby_O'Gill_and_the_Little_People=Darby O'Gill e il re dei folletti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_Street=La strada scarlatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man_(2002_film)=Spider-Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoah_(film)=Shoah (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_in_the_Sky=Laputa - Castello nel cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne's_World_2=Fusi di testa 2 - Waynestock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_II=Rocky II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_at_the_Roxbury=A Night at the Roxbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_to_Remember=L'eterna armonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jolson_Story=Al Jolson (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Search=Odissea tragica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zardoz=Zardoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Powers_in_Goldmember=Austin Powers in Goldmember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Powers:_International_Man_of_Mystery=Austin Powers - Il controspione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donovan's_Reef=I tre della Croce del Sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_(film)=Film (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath_the_Planet_of_the_Apes=L'altra faccia del pianeta delle scimmie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_III=Rocky III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Diaboliques_(film)=I diabolici (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Eagle=L'aquila d'acciaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_V=Rocky V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(1993_film)=Blue (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitting_Pretty_(1948_film)=Governante rubacuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hasty_Heart=Cuore solitario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sands_of_Iwo_Jima=Iwo Jima, deserto di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quo_Vadis_(1951_film)=Quo vadis (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean's_11=Colpo grosso (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Metal_(film)=Heavy Metal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Goofy_Movie=In viaggio con Pippo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Extremely_Goofy_Movie=Estremamente Pippo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_After_Time_(1979_film)=L'uomo venuto dall'impossibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyz_n_the_Hood=Boyz n the Hood - Strade violente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Boy_(film)=Baby Boy - Una vita violenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Yankee_(1950_film)=The Magnificent Yankee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Victory=Vittoria sulle tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Zapata!=Viva Zapata!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lavender_Hill_Mob=L'incredibile avventura di Mr. Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_and_the_Beautiful=Il bruto e la bella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalag_17=Stalag 17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Another_Day=La morte può attendere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Woman=Pretty Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Nemesis=Star Trek - La nemesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Bandits=I banditi del tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Year_at_Marienbad=L'anno scorso a Marienbad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Insurrection=Star Trek - L'insurrezione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamonds_Are_Forever_(film)=Agente 007 - Una cascata di diamanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aguirre,_the_Wrath_of_God=Aguirre, furore di Dio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two-Way_Stretch=Un alibi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You've_Got_Mail=C'è posta per te (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Angels_(film)=City of Angels - La città degli angeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Negotiator=Il negoziatore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Keeble's_Big_Move=Max Keeble alla riscossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Fidelity_(film)=Alta fedeltà (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_VI:_The_Undiscovered_Country=Rotta verso l'ignoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_Chien_Andalou=Un chien andalou - Un cane andaluso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_or_Leave_Me_(film)=Amami o lasciami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_the_Golden_Arm=L'uomo dal braccio d'oro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Day_at_Black_Rock=Giorno maledetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hatful_of_Rain=Un cappello pieno di pioggia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Is_the_Wind=Selvaggio è il vento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Angry_Man=Addio dottor Abelman!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mark_(1961_film)=Il marchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band_of_Brothers_(miniseries)=Band of Brothers - Fratelli al fronte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divorce_Italian_Style=Divorzio all'italiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Sporting_Life=Io sono un campione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Wine_and_Roses_(film)=I giorni del vino e delle rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Ballou=Cat Ballou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charly=I due mondi di Charly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Hand_Luke=Nick mano fredda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Never_Sang_for_My_Father=Anello di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Grit_(1969_film)=Il Grinta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotch=Vedovo aitante, bisognoso affetto offresi anche babysitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Dracula=Batman Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Fights_Dracula=Batman Fights Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jerky_Boys:_The_Movie=Gangster per gioco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadet_Kelly=Cadet Kelly - Una ribelle in uniforme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleuth_(1972_film)=Gli insospettabili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronin_(film)=Ronin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_(1977_film)=Giulia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Tango_in_Paris=Ultimo tango a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_the_Tiger=Salvate la tigre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Detail=L'ultima corvé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serpico=Serpico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_and_Tonto=Harry e Tonto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Glass_Booth=The Man in the Glass Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_'em_Hell,_Harry!=Give 'em Hell, Harry!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Special_Day=Una giornata particolare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Beauties=Pasqualino Settebellezze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavenly_Creatures=Creature del cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buddy_Holly_Story=The Buddy Holly Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_China_Syndrome=Sindrome cinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_There=Oltre il giardino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Santini=Il grande Santini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stunt_Man=Professione pericolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_(1981_film)=Arturo (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absence_of_Malice=Diritto di cronaca (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Baron_Munchausen=Le avventure del barone di Munchausen (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reign_of_Fire_(film)=Il regno del fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilo_&_Stitch=Lilo & Stitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desk_Set=La segretaria quasi privata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_(1997_film)=Hercules (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Stallion_(film)=Black Stallion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Endless_Summer=The Endless Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_Than_Paradise=Stranger Than Paradise - Più strano del Paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Cinerama=This Is Cinerama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_River_(film)=Fango sulle stelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Close_Shave=Una tosatura perfetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presque_rien=Quasi niente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumble_in_the_Bronx=Terremoto nel Bronx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Is_Not_Enough=Il mondo non basta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victim_(1961_film)=Victim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartacus_(film)=Spartacus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Canterbury_Tale=Un racconto di Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Caroline_Lamb_(film)=Peccato d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Fever=Jungle Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Usual_Suspects=I soliti sospetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Mike=Il sogno di Calvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Favorite_Year=L'ospite d'onore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuben,_Reuben=Reuben, Reuben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starman_(film)=Starman (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy's_Romance=L'amore di Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_Train_(film)=A 30 secondi dalla fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_of_Money=Il colore dei soldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Midnight_(film)=Round Midnight - A mezzanotte circa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvador_(film)=Salvador (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning,_Vietnam=Good Morning, Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashdance=Flashdance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truly,_Madly,_Deeply=Il fantasma innamorato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuns_on_the_Run=Suore in fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Elliot=Billy Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_the_13th_(1980_film)=Venerdì 13 (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Ark=Arca russa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atomic_Cafe=The Atomic Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_(1995_film)=Ci vediamo venerdì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dam_Busters_(film)=I guastatori delle dighe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_Silver=Forgotten Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hudsucker_Proxy=Mister Hula Hoop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelle_the_Conqueror=Pelle alla conquista del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reversal_of_Fortune=Il mistero Von Bulow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_V_(1989_film)=Enrico V (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_(1991_film)=Cape Fear - Il promontorio della paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_(1962_film)=Il promontorio della paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restoration_(1995_film)=Restoration - Il peccato e il castigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fisher_King=La leggenda del re pescatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaplin_(film)=Charlot (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Love_Got_to_Do_with_It_(film)=Tina - What's Love Got to Do with It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Madness_of_King_George=La pazzia di Re Giorgio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody's_Fool_(1994_film)=La vita a modo mio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Holland's_Opus=Goodbye Mr. Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nixon_(film)=Gli intrighi del potere - Nixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porco_Rosso=Porco Rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sling_Blade=Lama tagliente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_vs._Larry_Flynt=Larry Flynt - Oltre lo scandalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apostle=L'apostolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulee's_Gold=L'oro di Ulisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_and_Monsters_(film)=Demoni e dei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_History_X=American History X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hurricane_(1999_film)=Hurricane - Il grido dell'innocenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_and_Lowdown=Accordi e disaccordi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollock_(film)=Pollock (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quills=Quills - La penna dello scandalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Training_Day=Training Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Sam=Mi chiamo Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_(film)=Alì (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Soldiers=Small Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ship_Comes_In=A Ship Comes In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Angel_(1928_film)=L'angelo della strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coquette_(film)=Coquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barker=Il re della piazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Letter_(1940_film)=Ombre malesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Letter_(1929_film)=The Letter (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divine_Lady=Trafalgar (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capricorn_One=Capricorn One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumbo=Dumbo - L'elefante volante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobra_(1986_film)=Cobra (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangaroo_Jack=Kangaroo Jack - Prendi i soldi e salta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Red_One=Il grande uno rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cabinet_of_Dr._Caligari=Il gabinetto del dottor Caligari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings:_The_Two_Towers=Il Signore degli Anelli - Le due torri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings:_The_Fellowship_of_the_Ring=Il Signore degli Anelli - La Compagnia dell'Anello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings:_The_Return_of_the_King=Il Signore degli Anelli - Il ritorno del re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh!_What_a_Lovely_War=Oh, che bella guerra!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Wonka_&_the_Chocolate_Factory=Willy Wonka e la fabbrica di cioccolato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Holiday=The Devil's Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_and_Son=Sarah and Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_Aran=L'uomo di Aran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Certain_Sacrifice=L'oggetto del desiderio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Carter=Carter (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Versus_the_Volcano=Joe contro il vulcano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Seal=Il settimo sigillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whale_Rider=La ragazza delle balene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_(1930_film)=Romanzo (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Their_Own_Desire=Ritorna il sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Patch_of_Blue=Incontro al Central Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Min_and_Bill=Castigo (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_(1930_film)=Holiday (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sin_of_Madelon_Claudet=Il fallo di Madelon Claudet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Glory_(1933_film)=La gloria del mattino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Worlds=Mondi privati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Angel_(1935_film)=L'angelo delle tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jerk=Lo straccione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Dalmatians_(1996_film)=La carica dei 101 - Questa volta la magia è vera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hundred_and_One_Dalmatians=La carica dei cento e uno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gun=Top Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moana_(1926_film)=L'ultimo Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjuro=Sanjuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Animatrix=Animatrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_(film)=Ring (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodora_Goes_Wild=L'adorabile nemica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valiant_Is_the_Word_for_Carrie=Valiant Is the Word for Carrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Banners=Bandiere bianche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ball_of_Fire=Colpo di fulmine (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now,_Voyager=Perdutamente tua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Escape_(film)=La grande fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Skeffington=La signora Skeffington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Parkington=La signora Parkington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Letters_(1945_film)=Gli amanti del sogno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valley_of_Decision=La valle del destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_Her_to_Heaven=Femmina folle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_(1997_film)=L'urlo dell'odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Call_Me_Trinity=Lo chiamavano Trinità...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grave_of_the_Fireflies=Una tomba per le lucciole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snowman=Il pupazzo di neve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Sir,_with_Love=La scuola della violenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Girls_Are_Easy=Le ragazze della Terra sono facili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SLC_Punk!=Fuori di cresta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Urethra_Chronicles=The Urethra Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Love_or_Country:_The_Arturo_Sandoval_Story=The Arturo Sandoval Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamam_(film)=Il bagno turco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Narcissus=Pink Narcissus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Querelle=Querelle de Brest (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hanging_Garden_(film)=Il giardino dei ricordi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baraka_(film)=Baraka (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duel_in_the_Sun_(film)=Duello al sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Each_His_Own_(film)=A ciascuno il suo destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Kenny=L'angelo del dolore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possessed_(1947_film)=Anime in delirio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farmer's_Daughter_(1947_film)=La moglie celebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smash-Up,_the_Story_of_a_Woman=Una donna distrusse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorry,_Wrong_Number=Il terrore corre sul filo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_to_the_Stable=Le due suore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward,_My_Son=Edoardo mio figlio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Together_(1997_film)=Happy Together (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_with_a_Movie_Camera=L'uomo con la macchina da presa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_OS=Revolution OS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Omen=Il presagio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinocchio_(1940_film)=Pinocchio (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caged=Prima colpa (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detective_Story_(1951_film)=Pietà per i giusti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Back,_Little_Sheba_(1952_film)=Torna, piccola Sheba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_(1952_film)=La diva (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudden_Fear=So che mi ucciderai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_a_Song_in_My_Heart_(film)=La dominatrice del destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashomon=Rashomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Countdown_(film)=Countdown dimensione zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili=Lili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mogambo=Mogambo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_Is_Blue=La vergine sotto il tetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Darlings=Little Darlings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangs_of_New_York=Gangs of New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Perfect_Murder=Delitto perfetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_the_River_Plate_(film)=La battaglia di Rio della Plata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underground_(1995_film)=Underground (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intolerance_(film)=Intolerance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Am_I%3F_(1998_film)=Senza nome e senza regole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summertime_(1955_film)=Tempo d'estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Cry_Tomorrow=Piangerò domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interrupted_Melody=Oltre il destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasia_(1956_film)=Anastasia (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Doll=Baby Doll - La bambola viva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rainmaker_(1997_film)=L'uomo della pioggia - The Rainmaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Kings_(1999_film)=Three Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parallax_View=Perché un assassinio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Faces_of_Eve=La donna dai tre volti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Knows,_Mr._Allison=L'anima e la carne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_to_Live!=Non voglio morire (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pillow_Talk_(film)=Il letto racconta...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BUtterfield_8=Venere in visone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_on_Sunday=Mai di domenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_at_Campobello=Sunrise at Campobello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Women=La ciociara (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Knights=2 cavalieri a Londra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstones_(film)=I Flintstones (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Kids_3-D:_Game_Over=Missione 3D - Game Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passion_of_the_Christ=La passione di Cristo (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straw_Dogs_(1971_film)=Cane di paglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters,_Inc.=Monsters & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_(1927_film)=Chicago, ovvero: Vampate nere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Punk_Rock_Movie=The Punk Rock Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_(film)=Willow (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_Two_Brains=Ho perso la testa per un cervello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adaptation_(film)=Il ladro di orchidee (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_(2002_film)=Chicago (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romy_and_Michele's_High_School_Reunion=Romy & Michelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_400_Blows=I 400 colpi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rules_of_the_Game=La regola del gioco (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_+_Juliet=Romeo + Giulietta di William Shakespeare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lizzie_McGuire_Movie=Lizzie McGuire - Da liceale a popstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starship_Troopers_(film)=Starship Troopers - Fanteria dello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_League_of_Gentlemen_(film)=Un colpo da otto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notting_Hill_(film)=Notting Hill (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_My_Concubine_(film)=Addio mia concubina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Chinese_Ghost_Story=Storia di fantasmi cinesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Highway_(film)=Strade perdute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostbusters=Ghostbusters - Acchiappafantasmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubilee_(1978_film)=Jubilee (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_The_Meaning_of_Life=Monty Python - Il senso della vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splendor_in_the_Grass=Splendore nell'erba (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_(1995_film)=Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antz=Z la formica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_III:_The_Search_for_Spock=Star Trek III - Alla ricerca di Spock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nell_(film)=Nell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Dahlia=La dalia azzurra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Terrace=Dalla terrazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_of_No_Return_(1993_film)=Nome in codice: Nina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lock,_Stock_and_Two_Smoking_Barrels=Lock & Stock - Pazzi scatenati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Core=The Core
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_L-Shaped_Room=La stanza a forma di L
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_with_the_Proper_Stranger=Strano incontro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irma_la_Douce=Irma la dolce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage_Italian_Style=Matrimonio all'italiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pumpkin_Eater=Frenesia del piacere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unsinkable_Molly_Brown_(film)=Voglio essere amata in un letto d'ottone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry_(2002_film)=Gerry (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Mario_Bros._(film)=Super Mario Bros. (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matrix_Revolutions=Matrix Revolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Bess=La regina vergine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_I_Married_an_Axe_Murderer=Mia moglie è una pazza assassina?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1984_(advertisement)=1984 (spot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgy_Girl=Georgy, svegliati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragtime_(film)=Ragtime (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Noon=Pallottole cinesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuckTales_the_Movie:_Treasure_of_the_Lost_Lamp=Zio Paperone alla ricerca della lampada perduta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Vampire=L'ombra del vampiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_3=Alien³
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Future_Part_III=Ritorno al futuro - Parte III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Future_Part_II=Ritorno al futuro - Parte II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Man's_Land_(2001_film)=No Man's Land (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Mood_for_Love=In the Mood for Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Replacements_(film)=Le riserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2046_(film)=2046 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chungking_Express=Hong Kong Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliens_(film)=Aliens - Scontro finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulletproof_Monk=Il monaco (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_and_a_Woman=Un uomo, una donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shop_on_Main_Street=Il negozio al corso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Violin=Il violino rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Age_d'Or=L'âge d'or
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orpheus_(film)=Orfeo (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_Me_If_You_Can=Prova a prendermi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Alone=Mamma, ho perso l'aereo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_the_Fight=Il giorno del combattimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whisperers=Bisbigli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Shoot_Horses,_Don't_They%3F_(film)=Non si uccidono così anche i cavalli?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sterile_Cuckoo=Pookie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Elmo_in_Grouchland=Le avventure di Elmo in Brontolandia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happy_Ending=Lieto fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_in_Love_(film)=Donne in amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak_to_Me_of_Love=Parlami d'amore (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Mad_Housewife=Diario di una casalinga inquieta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan's_Daughter=La figlia di Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_'66=Buffalo '66
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caddyshack=Palla da golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellcats_of_the_Navy=Le pantere dei mari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedtime_for_Bonzo=Bonzo la scimmia sapiente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Destination_(film)=Final Destination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamonds_(1975_film)=Colpo da un miliardo di dollari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tie_Me_Up!_Tie_Me_Down!=Légami!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashes_of_Time=Ashes of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Be_and_to_Have=Essere e avere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Given_Sunday=Ogni maledetta domenica - Any Given Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fierce_Creatures=Creature selvagge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Tenenbaums=I Tenenbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klute=Una squillo per l'ispettore Klute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary,_Queen_of_Scots_(1971_film)=Maria Stuarda, regina di Scozia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Is_the_Place=Space Is the Place (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zelig=Zelig (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_G_Indahouse=Ali G (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Sings_the_Blues_(film)=La signora del blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Wishes,_Winter_Dreams=Summer Wishes, Winter Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_Liberty=Un grande amore da 50 dollari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_We_Were=Come eravamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Doesn't_Live_Here_Anymore=Alice non abita più qui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudine_(film)=Claudine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Adele_H.=Adele H. - Una storia d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedda_(film)=Il mistero della signora Gabler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Cousine=Cugino, cugina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Sonata=Sinfonia d'autunno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamboozled=Bamboozled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Watch=La guardia nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepless_in_Seattle=Insonnia d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_You_Were_Sleeping_(film)=Un amore tutto suo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Rain_(film)=Purple Rain (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_and_the_Argonauts_(1963_film)=Gli Argonauti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_7th_Voyage_of_Sinbad=Il 7º viaggio di Sinbad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Cup=Tin Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Schmidt=A proposito di Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casualties_of_War=Vittime di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Park=Ken Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter's_Friends=Gli amici di Peter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hot_Chick=Hot Chick - Una bionda esplosiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Crossroads=Operazione Crossroads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Samurai=L'ultimo samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Gun:_From_the_Files_of_Police_Squad!=Una pallottola spuntata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enough_(film)=Via dall'incubo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predator_(film)=Predator (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commando_(1985_film)=Commando (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Burger=Missione hamburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_III_(1995_film)=Riccardo III (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Home_Alabama_(film)=Tutta colpa dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnolia_(film)=Magnolia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truman_Show=The Truman Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promises_(film)=Promesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Park:_Bigger,_Longer_&_Uncut=South Park - Il film: più grosso, più lungo & tutto intero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_(2003_film)=Elephant (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equilibrium_(film)=Equilibrium (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtuosity=Virtuality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courage_Under_Fire=Il coraggio della verità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Beard=Barbarossa (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethal_Weapon=Arma letale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_India=Madre India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocksucker_Blues=Cocksucker Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Say_a_Word=Don't Say a Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secretary_(2002_film)=Secretary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallrats=Generazione X (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabaret_(1972_film)=Cabaret (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris,_Texas_(film)=Paris, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Almighty=Una settimana da Dio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rescuers_Down_Under=Bianca e Bernie nella terra dei canguri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tillie's_Punctured_Romance_(1914_film)=Il fortunoso romanzo di Tillie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Force_One_(film)=Air Force One (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.O.A._(1950_film)=Due ore ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_Brothers_2000=Blues Brothers - Il mito continua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Catch_a_Thief=Caccia al ladro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amarcord=Amarcord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topaz_(1969_film)=Topaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birdcage=Piume di struzzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Nemo=Alla ricerca di Nemo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_with_the_Devil_(film)=Cavalcando col diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interiors=Interiors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starting_Over_(1979_film)=E ora: punto e a capo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(1980_film)=Resurrection (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_(1980_film)=Una notte d'estate (Gloria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rose_(film)=The Rose (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Benjamin_(1980_film)=Soldato Giulia agli ordini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_When_I_Laugh_(film)=Solo quando rido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Britain_(film)=I lunghi giorni delle aquile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_Day_Care=L'asilo dei papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Wasn't_There_(2001_film)=L'uomo che non c'era
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Science_(film)=La donna esplosiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandaemonium_(film)=Pandaemonium (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Pie_2=American Pie 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Wedding=American Pie - Il matrimonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Powers:_The_Spy_Who_Shagged_Me=Austin Powers - La spia che ci provava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Weapons=La chiamavano Susy Tettalunga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_(film)=Frances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Officer_and_a_Gentleman=Ufficiale e gentiluomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trip_to_Bountiful=In viaggio verso Bountiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silkwood=Silkwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diary_of_Anne_Frank_(1959_film)=Il diario di Anna Frank (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_III:_Season_of_the_Witch=Halloween III - Il signore della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caligula_(film)=Caligola (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Wild_West=Wild Wild West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_Life=Waking Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanboys_(film)=Fanboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Peaks:_Fire_Walk_with_Me=Fuoco cammina con me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manos:_The_Hands_of_Fate=Manos: The Hands of Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morning_After_(1986_film)=Il mattino dopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Sue_Got_Married=Peggy Sue si è sposata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bwana_Devil=Buana Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_at_Heart_(film)=Cuore selvaggio (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabotage_(1936_film)=Sabotaggio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_(1990_film)=Sogni (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fast_and_the_Furious_(2001_film)=Fast and Furious (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hard_Day's_Night_(film)=Tutti per uno (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_Inn_(film)=La taverna dell'allegria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pale_Rider=Il cavaliere pallido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excalibur_(film)=Excalibur (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Hearts_(1966_film)=Tutti pazzi meno io
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabiria=Cabiria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy_(1932_film)=La mummia (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy_(1999_film)=La mummia (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy_(1959_film)=La mummia (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_A-ko=Project A-ko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windaria=C'era una volta Windaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_&_Ted's_Bogus_Journey=Un mitico viaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ninth_Configuration=La nona configurazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passport_to_Pimlico=Passaporto per Pimlico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_What_You_Did_Last_Summer=So cosa hai fatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Society_(1956_film)=Alta società
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notorious_(1946_film)=Notorious - L'amante perduta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_the_Viking=Erik il Vikingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_English=Johnny English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Max=Mad Max
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampopo=Tampopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie's_Angels:_Full_Throttle=Charlie's Angels - Più che mai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancer_in_the_Dark=Dancer in the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_President=Il presidente - Una storia d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweetest_Thing=La cosa più dolce...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_on_a_Train_(film)=L'altro uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_in_Flames=La donna in fiamme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gods_Must_Be_Crazy=Ma che siamo tutti matti?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_Cody_Banks=Agente Cody Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood:_Prince_of_Thieves=Robin Hood - Principe dei ladri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Alan_Smithee_Film:_Burn_Hollywood_Burn=Hollywood brucia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Max_2=Interceptor - Il guerriero della strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tango_Lesson=Lezioni di tango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Adventure_of_Horus,_Prince_of_the_Sun=La grande avventura del piccolo principe Valiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marnie_(film)=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Jam=Space Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dawn=Alba rossa (film 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brown_Bunny=The Brown Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Race=La grande corsa (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_and_Nancy=Sid & Nancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utu_(film)=Il massacro dei Maori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schtonk!=Schtonk!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buena_Vista_Social_Club_(film)=Buena Vista Social Club (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarface_(1983_film)=Scarface (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoldenEye=GoldenEye (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colossus:_The_Forbin_Project=Colossus: The Forbin Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Fortress=La fortezza nascosta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_(1927_film)=Cosetta (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Bug=Un maggiolino tutto matto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedda=Jedda (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilwale_Dulhania_Le_Jayenge=Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Medal_for_Benny=L'ombra dell'altro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selena_(film)=Selena (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Simple=Blood Simple - Sangue facile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_the_Somme_(film)=The Battle of the Somme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_The_Motion_Picture=Star Trek (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_Something_About_Mary=Tutti pazzi per Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entrapment_(film)=Entrapment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Sweethearts=I perfetti innamorati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Best_Friend's_Wedding=Il matrimonio del mio migliore amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulldog_Drummond's_Secret_Police=La squadra speciale di Bulldog Drummond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomcats_(2001_film)=I gattoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Movie=Scary Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tuxedo=Lo smoking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreakers_(2001_film)=Heartbreakers - Vizio di famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_(1979_film)=Jesus (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Arizona=Arizona Junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skin_Game_(1931_film)=Fiamma d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinbad:_Legend_of_the_Seven_Seas=Sinbad - La leggenda dei sette mari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_(film)=Rapina a mano armata (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_Run=Galline in fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Die_For=Da morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rundown=Il tesoro dell'Amazzonia (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_the_West=C'era una volta il West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasia_(1997_film)=Anastasia (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porky's=Porky's - Questi pazzi pazzi porcelloni!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feeling_Minnesota=Due mariti per un matrimonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Pop=Love & Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalker_(1979_film)=Stalker (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Impact_(film)=Deep Impact (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_and_the_Tramp=Lilli e il vagabondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jude_(film)=Jude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_and_the_Tramp_II:_Scamp's_Adventure=Lilli e il vagabondo II - Il cucciolo ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Smoke!=Holy Smoke - Fuoco sacro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kid_in_King_Arthur's_Court=Un ragazzo alla corte di re Artù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudy_(film)=Rudy - Il successo di un sogno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lodger:_A_Story_of_the_London_Fog=Il pensionante (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paradine_Case=Il caso Paradine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X2_(film)=X-Men 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gia=Gia - Una donna oltre ogni limite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Style_Wars=Style Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grease_2=Grease 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Game=Spy Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiri_(film)=Swiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piglet's_Big_Movie=Pimpi, piccolo grande eroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Object_of_My_Affection=L'oggetto del mio desiderio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_of_Eden_(film)=La valle dell'Eden (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drugstore_Cowboy=Drugstore Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manxman=L'isola del peccato (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigli=Amore estremo - Tough Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beetlejuice=Beetlejuice - Spiritello porcello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Agent_(1936_film)=Amore e mistero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serial_Mom=La signora ammazzatutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Alone_2:_Lost_in_New_York=Mamma, ho riperso l'aereo: mi sono smarrito a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Men=Mystery Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Fright_(1950_film)=Paura in palcoscenico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Existenz=EXistenZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_on_the_Train=L'uomo del treno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11'09%2201_September_11=11 settembre 2001 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reservoir_Dogs=Le iene (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Days_in_May=Sette giorni a maggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Blue=Perfect Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_the_Money_and_Run=Prendi i soldi e scappa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cotton_Club_(film)=Cotton Club (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Arabian_Knights=Notte d'Arabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexy_Beast=Sexy Beast - L'ultimo colpo della bestia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_X_(1992_film)=Malcolm X (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Mermaid_(1989_film)=La sirenetta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Harry=Ispettore Callaghan: il caso Scorpio è tuo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Majestic_(film)=The Majestic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Justin_to_Kelly=From Justin to Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishtar_(film)=Ishtar (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Scissorhands=Edward mani di forbice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Death_on_Long_Island=Amore e morte a Long Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_the_Planet_of_the_Apes=Fuga dal pianeta delle scimmie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twister_(1996_film)=Twister (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolen_Kisses=Baci rubati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birds_(film)=Gli uccelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Royale_(film)=Battle Royale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Problem_Child_(film)=Piccola peste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_Suit_Gundam_F91=Mobile Suit Gundam F91
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoolander=Zoolander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Net_(1995_film)=The Net - Intrappolata nella rete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Mouse_Detective=Basil l'investigatopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Crush=Blue Crush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Bamba_(film)=La Bamba (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugsy_Malone=Piccoli gangsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_King_II:_Simba's_Pride=Il re leone II - Il regno di Simba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance_Man_(film)=Mezzo professore tra i marines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Lunch_(film)=Il pasto nudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_1000_Corpses=La casa dei 1000 corpi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Faculty=The Faculty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_of_the_Opera_(2004_film)=Il fantasma dell'Opera (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fish_Called_Wanda=Un pesce di nome Wanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_of_the_Opera_(1925_film)=Il fantasma dell'Opera (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dirty_Dozen=Quella sporca dozzina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teheran_43=Nido di spie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstella_5555:_The_5tory_of_the_5ecret_5tar_5ystem=Interstella 5555
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Primrose_Ring_(film)=The Primrose Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ichi_the_Killer_(film)=Ichi the Killer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Darkness_(film)=Il signore del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_Mask_of_the_Phantasm=Batman: La maschera del Fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Son_(film)=L'innocenza del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Party_(film)=House Party (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tron=Tron (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Unicorn_(film)=L'ultimo unicorno (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experiments_in_the_Revival_of_Organisms=Experiments in the Revival of Organisms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys'_Night_Out_(film)=Venere in pigiama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Me_the_Head_of_Alfredo_Garcia=Voglio la testa di Garcia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_of_Dimitrios=La maschera di Dimitrios (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Baseball=Campione per forza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Score_(2001_film)=The Score (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Never_Dies=Il domani non muore mai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_the_Rain_Must_Fall=L'ultimo tentativo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Lucky_Man!=O Lucky Man!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xanadu_(film)=Xanadu (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_(2002_film)=Hero (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Friend=L'amico americano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addicted_to_Love_(film)=Innamorati cronici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barton_Fink=Barton Fink - È successo a Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_(2000_film)=Panic (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadpole_(film)=Tadpole - Un giovane seduttore a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Santa=Babbo bastardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Flamingos=Pink Flamingos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_the_Caribbean:_The_Curse_of_the_Black_Pearl=La maledizione della prima luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_(film)=Troy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Cousin_Vinny=Mio cugino Vincenzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Shop_of_Horrors=La piccola bottega degli orrori (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irma_Vep=Irma Vep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Mariachi=El mariachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calendar_Girls=Calendar Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Story_Ever_Told=La più grande storia mai raccontata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassination_Tango=Assassination Tango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arachnophobia_(film)=Aracnofobia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October:_Ten_Days_That_Shook_the_World=Ottobre (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Avventura=L'avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Kid=First Kid - Una peste alla Casa Bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_(2005_film)=Pirates (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Character_(film)=Character - Bastardo eccellente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_and_Juliet_(1936_film)=Giulietta e Romeo (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_of_the_50_Foot_Woman=Attack of the 50 Foot Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Tale=Shark Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toy_Story_2=Toy Story 2 - Woody e Buzz alla riscossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Ventura:_Pet_Detective=Ace Ventura - L'acchiappanimali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grease_(film)=Grease - Brillantina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snuff_(film)=Snuff (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Starfighter=Giochi stellari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_New_Groove=Le follie dell'imperatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splash_(film)=Splash - Una sirena a Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Omega_Man=1975: Occhi bianchi sul pianeta Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Colossal_Man=I giganti invadono la Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathless_(1960_film)=Fino all'ultimo respiro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Waterboy=Waterboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Nerds=La rivincita dei nerds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Live=Essi vivono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Perdition=Era mio padre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flight_of_Dragons=Il volo dei draghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aristocats=Gli Aristogatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Withnail_and_I=Shakespeare a colazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Mouth_of_Madness=Il seme della follia (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swingers_(1996_film)=Swingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackenna's_Gold=L'oro di Mackenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_in_the_Shell_2:_Innocence=Ghost in the Shell 2 - Innocence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Element_of_Crime=L'elemento del crimine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discreet_Charm_of_the_Bourgeoisie=Il fascino discreto della borghesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspiria=Suspiria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wes_Craven's_New_Nightmare=Nightmare - Nuovo incubo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Crystal=Dark Crystal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringing_Out_the_Dead=Al di là della vita (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Doubtfire=Mrs. Doubtfire - Mammo per sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beethoven_(film)=Beethoven (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_&_Company=Oliver & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetsons:_The_Movie=I pronipoti - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inn_of_the_Sixth_Happiness=La locanda della sesta felicità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_John_Malkovich=Essere John Malkovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_2000=Bambola meccanica mod. Cherry 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vanishing_(1988_film)=Il mistero della donna scomparsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altered_States=Stati di allucinazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_Bites=Giovani, carini e disoccupati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kind_Hearts_and_Coronets=Sangue blu (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoop_Dreams=Hoop Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Slickers=Scappo dalla città - La vita, l'amore e le vacche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaws_2=Lo squalo 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonsoir_(film)=Bonsoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallipoli_(1981_film)=Gli anni spezzati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Dracula_(1974_film)=Il figlio di Dracula (film 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Bear=Koda, fratello orso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Skin_(1999_film)=Seconda pelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Heaven_(film)=Le crociate - Kingdom of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Hard_with_a_Vengeance=Die Hard - Duri a morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedknobs_and_Broomsticks=Pomi d'ottone e manici di scopa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_$20_Million_Is_Always_the_Hardest=Soldifacili.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_(film)=Class (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happiest_Millionaire=Il più felice dei miliardari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Jafar=Il ritorno di Jafar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aladdin_and_the_King_of_Thieves=Aladdin e il re dei ladri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Who_and_the_Daleks=Dr. Who and the Daleks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_La_Mancha=Lost in La Mancha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_David_Gale=The Life of David Gale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Hour_Party_People=24 Hour Party People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_World_War_II_in_Europe=Fine della seconda guerra mondiale in Europa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spetters=Spetters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_the_Desert=I figli del deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_X=Cittadino X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Over_the_Guy=All Over the Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_(1978_film)=Superman (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muriel's_Wedding=Le nozze di Muriel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_80=Star 80
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboy_Bebop:_The_Movie=Cowboy Bebop - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Saves_Christmas=Ernesto salva il Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Movie=L'ultima follia di Mel Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_Snaps_(film)=Licantropia Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Belly_of_an_Architect=Il ventre dell'architetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babes_in_Toyland_(1934_film)=Nel paese delle meraviglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shallow_Hal=Amore a prima svista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis:_The_Lost_Empire=Atlantis - L'impero perduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pom_Poko=Pom Poko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_(film)=Gandhi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_Translation_(film)=Lost in Translation - L'amore tradotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_of_Disguise=Il maestro cambiafaccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Actually=Love Actually - L'amore davvero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gates_to_Paradise=Gates to Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_and_Commander:_The_Far_Side_of_the_World=Master & Commander - Sfida ai confini del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Theft_Parsons=Grand Theft Parsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_on_the_Hudson=Mosca a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_at_the_Gates=Il nemico alle porte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python_Live_at_the_Hollywood_Bowl=Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Saviour=G-Saviour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matrix_(franchise)=Matrix (serie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scanners=Scanners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrowsmith_(film)=Un popolo muore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dish=The Dish (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maverick_(film)=Maverick (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_of_the_Dogmen=L'ultimo cacciatore (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagaan=Lagaan - C'era una volta in India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gremlins=Gremlins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Green_Door=Dietro la porta verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_in_Miss_Jones=Miss Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Bigha_Zamin=Due ettari di terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_Misty_for_Me=Brivido nella notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Patience=Zero Patience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex,_Lies,_and_Videotape=Sesso, bugie e videotape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_the_Roman_Empire_(film)=La caduta dell'Impero romano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Nevsky_(film)=Aleksandr Nevskij (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbershop_(film)=La bottega del barbiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frisco_Kid=Scusi, dov'è il West?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_chant_d'amour=Un chant d'amour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Mansion_(film)=La casa dei fantasmi (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UHF_(film)=UHF - I vidioti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Rock_'n'_Roll_Swindle=La grande truffa del rock'n'roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infernal_Affairs=Infernal Affairs (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_Street=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Banger_Sisters=Due amiche esplosive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings_(1978_film)=Il Signore degli Anelli (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogville=Dogville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_the_Titans=Il sapore della vittoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Texas_Chainsaw_Massacre_2=Non aprite quella porta - Parte 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Things_I_Hate_About_You=10 cose che odio di te (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_(1950_film)=Cenerentola (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocahontas_(1995_film)=Pocahontas (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slipper_and_the_Rose=La scarpetta e la rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orgazmo=Orgazmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Gilmore=Un tipo imprevedibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_McGinty=Il grande McGinty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Calcium_Kid=The Calcium Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Bye,_Lenin!=Good Bye, Lenin!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornblower_(TV_series)=Hornblower (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_About_Love=Le forze del destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunchback_of_Notre_Dame_(1996_film)=Il gobbo di Notre Dame (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunchback_of_Notre_Dame_(1939_film)=Notre Dame (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinky_(film)=Pinky, la negra bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nightmare_Before_Christmas=Nightmare Before Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_Silicon_Valley=I pirati di Silicon Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confidentially_Yours=Finalmente domenica!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintet_(film)=Quintet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crow_(1994_film)=Il corvo - The Crow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Box=Chinese Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tall_Guy=Due metri di allergia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_After_Tomorrow=The Day After Tomorrow - L'alba del giorno dopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Fast_2_Furious=2 Fast 2 Furious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rushmore_(film)=Rushmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulk_(film)=Hulk (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_IV:_The_Quest_for_Peace=Superman IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Fat_Liar=Big Fat Liar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lan_Yu_(film)=Lan Yu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Vernon_and_Irene_Castle=La vita di Vernon e Irene Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante's_Peak=Dante's Peak - La furia della montagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sniper_(1993_film)=One Shot One Kill - A colpo sicuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulzana's_Raid=Nessuna pietà per Ulzana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hire=The Hire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_a_Lost_Soldier=Voor een verloren soldaat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drowning_by_Numbers=Giochi nell'acqua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distant_Drums=Tamburi lontani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bodyguard_(1992_film)=Guardia del corpo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_(1998_film)=Taxxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_(film)=Walker - Una storia vera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Themroc=Il mangiaguardie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings_(film_series)=Il Signore degli Anelli (trilogia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something's_Gotta_Give_(film)=Tutto può succedere - Something's Gotta Give
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Travail=Beau Travail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Falls=Le cadute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_for_Night_(film)=Effetto notte (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexmission=Seksmisja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ninth_Gate=La nona porta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amistad_(film)=Amistad (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One-Eyed_Jacks=I due volti della vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancelot_du_Lac_(film)=Lancillotto e Ginevra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentlemen_Prefer_Blondes_(1953_film)=Gli uomini preferiscono le bionde (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Liberty_(film)=La mortadella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_Lucia=Lucía y el sexo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigham_Young_(film)=La grande missione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Lamp=I giovani uccidono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macross:_Do_You_Remember_Love%3F=Macross - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumble_Fish=Rusty il selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardust_Memories=Stardust Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maborosi=Maborosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wet_Hot_American_Summer=Wet Hot American Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pistol_Opera=Pistol Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Targets=Bersagli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faces_of_Death=Le facce della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Life_(film)=Wandāfuru raifu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Being_Wild=Days of Being Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_Club=Il club degli imperatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Man=Harvard Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cremaster_Cycle=Cremaster film - il ciclo (1996 - 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Fish=Big Fish - Le storie di una vita incredibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Big_Fat_Greek_Wedding=Il mio grosso grasso matrimonio greco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Famous=Quasi famosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_by_Decree=Assassinio su commissione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meeting_People_Is_Easy=Meeting People Is Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pee-wee's_Big_Adventure=Pee-wee's Big Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bully_(2001_film)=Bully (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullitt=Bullitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Hard_2=58 minuti per morire - Die Harder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Shot_Liberty_Valance=L'uomo che uccise Liberty Valance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accident_(1967_film)=L'incidente (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yossi_&_Jagger=Yossi & Jagger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seduction_of_Mimi=Mimì metallurgico ferito nell'onore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler:_The_Last_Ten_Days=Gli ultimi 10 giorni di Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Shot_Andy_Warhol=Ho sparato a Andy Warhol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kiss_(1896_film)=The Kiss (film 1896)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_&_Joon=Benny & Joon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drunken_Master=Drunken Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Deal_on_Madonna_Street=I soliti ignoti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Baghdad_(film)=Live from Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_County_(film)=Orange County (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Penny=Costretto ad uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitzcarraldo=Fitzcarraldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Romance=Una vita al massimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Education_for_Death=Education for Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fistful_of_Dollars=Per un pugno di dollari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_a_Few_Dollars_More=Per qualche dollaro in più
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_America=C'era una volta in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackboot_Mutiny=Accadde il 20 luglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Fox=Caccia alla volpe (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Frankenstein=Frankenstein Junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_the_World,_Part_I=La pazza storia del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Anxiety=Alta tensione (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_(2003_film)=Monster (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Heaven=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_That_Kid=Tre ragazzi e un bottino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hook_(film)=Hook - Capitan Uncino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_(1955_film)=Stella, cortigiana del Pireo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoffa=Hoffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legally_Blonde=La rivincita delle bionde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabiscuit_(film)=Seabiscuit - Un mito senza tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exotica_(film)=Exotica (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Redhead_from_Wyoming=La ribelle del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RoboCop=RoboCop (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Wilderness_(film)=Artico selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Rotten_Scoundrels_(film)=Due figli di...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wages_of_Fear=Vite vendute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorcerer_(film)=Il salario della paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_and_Delilah_(1949_film)=Sansone e Dalila (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Icicle_Thief=Ladri di saponette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Dusk_till_Dawn=Dal tramonto all'alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legally_Blonde_2:_Red,_White_&_Blonde=Una bionda in carriera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decoys_(film)=Decoys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_Action_(film)=Conflitto di classe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blowup=Blow-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elf_(film)=Elf - Un elfo di nome Buddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Mermaid_II:_Return_to_the_Sea=La sirenetta II - Ritorno agli abissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_of_Iron=La croce di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Haley's_Queen=Alex Haley's Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licence_to_Kill=007 - Vendetta privata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_Room=Panic Room (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasantville_(film)=Pleasantville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brood=Brood - La covata malefica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Zone_(film)=La zona morta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_(2004_film)=New York Taxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EuroTrip=EuroTrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hot_Spot=The Hot Spot - Il posto caldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killer_(1989_film)=The Killer (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogie_Nights=Boogie Nights - L'altra Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Butterfly_(film)=M. Butterfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underworld_(2003_film)=Underworld (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electra_(1962_film)=Elettra (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_Diva=Scarlet Diva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Times_at_Ridgemont_High=Fuori di testa (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_Blue=Soldato blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Night=Big Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butterfly_Effect=The Butterfly Effect (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_in_Pink=Bella in rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Singer=Prima o poi me lo sposo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Santa_Clause_2=Che fine ha fatto Santa Clause?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abominable_Dr._Phibes=L'abominevole dr. Phibes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inochi=Inochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladyhawke=Ladyhawke (disambigua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheaper_by_the_Dozen_(2003_film)=Una scatenata dozzina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Videodrome=Videodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fly_(1986_film)=La mosca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wishmaster_(film)=Wishmaster - Il signore dei desideri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passion_of_Joan_of_Arc=La passione di Giovanna d'Arco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora's_Box_(1929_film)=Il vaso di Pandora (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kameradschaft=La tragedia della miniera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_in_New_York=Ercole a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devils_(film)=I diavoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europa_Europa=Europa Europa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystic_River_(film)=Mystic River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bug's_Life=A Bug's Life - Megaminimondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_God_(2002_film)=City of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Sand_and_Fog_(film)=La casa di sabbia e nebbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Mountain_(film)=Ritorno a Cold Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Throat_(film)=La vera gola profonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decline_of_Western_Civilization=The Decline of Western Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_and_Jackie=Hilary e Jackie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_Lola_Run=Lola corre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Company_of_Men=Nella società degli uomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impromptu_(1991_film)=Chopin amore mio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_News_Bears=Che botte se incontri gli "Orsi"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madigan's_Millions=Un dollaro per 7 vigliacchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanking_the_Monkey=Spanking the Monkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_(2004_film)=Miracle (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandragora_(film)=Mandragora (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_of_Egypt=Il principe d'Egitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cinderella_Story=A Cinderella Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medium_Cool=America, America, dove vai?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Floyd:_Live_at_Pompeii=Pink Floyd: Live at Pompeii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_(film)=Philadelphia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_America_(film)=In America - Il sogno che non c'era
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21_Grams=21 grammi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cooler=The Cooler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_of_April=Schegge di April
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_(2003_film)=Thirteen - 13 anni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon_(1990_film)=Avalon (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardcore_(1979_film)=Hardcore (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_and_the_7_Hoods=I 4 di Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Days_of_the_Condor=I tre giorni del Condor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Opening_of_Misty_Beethoven=A bocca piena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Triplets_of_Belleville=Appuntamento a Belleville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Dog:_The_Way_of_the_Samurai=Ghost Dog - Il codice del samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Werewolf_in_London=Un lupo mannaro americano a Londra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade_(film)=Blade (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_Lost_Children=La città perduta (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Face=Cenerentola a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee's_Partner=La jungla dei temerari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong_(2005_film)=King Kong (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_(1990_film)=Alice (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_and_the_King=Anna and the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Ending=Hollywood Ending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Park_III=Jurassic Park III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_Else=Anything Else
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasabi_(film)=Wasabi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel_Canyon_(film)=Laurel Canyon - Dritto in fondo al cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_News_Bears=Bad News Bears - Che botte se incontri gli Orsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Teenage_Drama_Queen=Quanto è difficile essere teenager!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Divorce=Le Divorce - Americane a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_&_Emma=Alex & Emma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_Mystery_of_the_Batwoman=Batman: Il mistero di Batwoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branded_to_Kill=La farfalla sul mirino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Oharu=La vita di O-Haru - Donna galante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Hardly_Wait=Giovani, pazzi e svitati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Statement_(film)=The Statement - La sentenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celtic_Pride=Celtic Pride - Rapimento per sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanshiro_Sugata=Sanshiro Sugata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/50_First_Dates=50 volte il primo bacio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Married=Oggi sposi... niente sesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eraser_(film)=L'eliminatore - Eraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade_II=Blade II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Beast:_The_Enchanted_Christmas=La bella e la bestia - Un magico Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Begins=Batman Begins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Instinct=Basic Instinct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Priscilla,_Queen_of_the_Desert=Priscilla - La regina del deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Break=Point Break - Punto di rottura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Court_Jester=Il giullare del re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Genius=Scuola di geni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Room=The War Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Kombat:_Annihilation=Mortal Kombat - Distruzione totale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_and_Alexander=Fanny e Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitch_Black_(film)=Pitch Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Heat_(1988_film)=Sbirri oltre la vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Phibes_Rises_Again=Frustrazione (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Man_Tate=Il mio piccolo genio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_Hour_(1998_film)=Rush Hour - Due mine vaganti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Say_Never_Again=Mai dire mai (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiki's_Delivery_Service=Kiki - Consegne a domicilio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories_(1995_film)=Memories (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destino=Destino (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beastmaster=Kaan principe guerriero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Limey=L'inglese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doom_(film)=Doom (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_on_the_Range_(2004_film)=Mucche alla riscossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.O.B._(film)=S.O.B.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toys_(film)=Toys - Giocattoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohtalon_kirja=La leggenda dei vampiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Life_of_Helen_of_Troy=La vita privata di Elena di Troia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Zone=Forbidden Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barbarian_Invasions=Le invasioni barbariche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Haine=L'odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Delinquents_(1957_film)=The Delinquents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Order_(2003_film)=La setta dei dannati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_of_Montreal=Jésus de Montréal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackboard_Jungle=Il seme della violenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Music_Lovers=L'altra faccia dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mighty_Wind=A Mighty Wind - Amici per la musica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystic_Pizza=Mystic Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Daddy_(1999_film)=Big Daddy - Un papà speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_(2003_film)=Sylvia (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slacker_(film)=Slacker (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dazed_and_Confused_(film)=La vita è un sogno (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_of_Darkness:_A_Filmmaker's_Apocalypse=Viaggio all'inferno (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Sight=Out of Sight (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasia_2000=Fantasia 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frenzy=Frenzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandit_Queen=Bandit Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinbad_of_the_Seven_Seas=Sinbad of the Seven Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_(1989_film)=Glory - Uomini di gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frida=Frida (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_(2002_film)=Heaven (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poseidon_Adventure_(1972_film)=L'avventura del Poseidon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderpants=Pantaloncini a tutto gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon's_Vacation=National Lampoon's Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolls_(2002_film)=Dolls (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbie_Goes_to_Monte_Carlo=Herbie al rally di Montecarlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_Scroll=Ninja Scroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Dogs_Go_to_Heaven=Charlie - Anche i cani vanno in paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannibal_Holocaust=Cannibal Holocaust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_and_the_Darkness=Spiriti nelle tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_King_(1980_film)=The Return of the King (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hobbit_(1977_film)=The Hobbit (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boondock_Saints=The Boondock Saints - Giustizia finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_Got_Fingered=Freddy Got Fingered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mughal-e-Azam=Mughal-E-Azam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong_(1976_film)=King Kong (film 1976)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raven_(1963_film)=I maghi del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Window=Secret Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trading_Places=Una poltrona per due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primary_(film)=Le elezioni primarie del 1960
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piccadilly_(film)=Piccadilly (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottle_Rocket=Un colpo da dilettanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sex_Monster=Una moglie ideale (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Arrow_(1996_film)=Nome in codice: Broken Arrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tombstone_(film)=Tombstone (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidalgo_(film)=Oceano di fuoco - Hidalgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_Fire_(2004_film)=Man on Fire - Il fuoco della vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrek_2=Shrek 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mission_(1986_film)=Mission (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Toy=Tin Toy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schizopolis=Schizopolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannibal!_The_Musical=Cannibal! The Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Trip_to_the_Moon=Viaggio nella Luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Corruptor=The Corruptor - Indagine a Chinatown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinda_and_Melinda=Melinda e Melinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Wood_(film)=Ed Wood (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenweenie_(1984_film)=Frankenweenie (film 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Head_(film)=Il dominatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaws:_The_Revenge=Lo squalo 4 - La vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Crazy_Nights=Otto notti di follie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Movie_2=Scary Movie 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macbeth_(1971_film)=Macbeth (film 1971)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat's_Eye_(1985_film)=L'occhio del gatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Taste=Fuori di testa (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child's_Play_3=La bambola assassina 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child's_Play_(1988_film)=La bambola assassina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child's_Play_2=La bambola assassina 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Worlds_(2005_film)=La guerra dei mondi (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicksilver_Highway=I racconti di Quicksilver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prick_Up_Your_Ears=Prick Up - L'importanza di essere Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulie=Paulie - Il pappagallo che parlava troppo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodsport_(film)=Senza esclusione di colpi (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hysterical_Blindness_(film)=Gli occhi della vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Talented_Mr._Ripley_(film)=Il talento di Mr. Ripley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creepshow=Creepshow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternal_Sunshine_of_the_Spotless_Mind=Se mi lasci ti cancello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roustabout_(film)=Il cantante del luna park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey_(2003_film)=Honey (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Ventura:_When_Nature_Calls=Ace Ventura - Missione Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo's_Oil=L'olio di Lorenzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_of_the_Dead_(2004_film)=L'alba dei morti viventi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaolin_Soccer=Shaolin Soccer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Running=2002: la seconda odissea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Heat=Brivido caldo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Games_(film)=I formidabili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octopussy=Octopussy - Operazione piovra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabin_Fever_(2002_film)=Cabin Fever (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Ballroom=Ballroom - Gara di ballo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintin_and_the_Golden_Fleece=Tintin et le mystère de la toison d'or
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_League_of_Their_Own=Ragazze vincenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_and_Desire=Paura e desiderio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak_(film)=Speak - Le parole non dette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcano_(1997_film)=Vulcano - Los Angeles 1997
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Verdoux=Monsieur Verdoux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Chill_(film)=Il grande freddo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_(2001_film)=The One (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_of_Paris=La donna di Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_Came_Polly=...e alla fine arriva Polly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starsky_&_Hutch_(film)=Starsky & Hutch (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbershop_2:_Back_in_Business=La bottega del barbiere 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Were_Expendable=I sacrificati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogfight_(film)=Dogfight - Una storia d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Helsing_(film)=Van Helsing (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demolition_Man_(film)=Demolition Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possession_(2002_film)=Possession - Una storia romantica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Academy_(franchise)=Scuola di polizia (serie di film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MirrorMask=MirrorMask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Free=Nata libera (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapid_Fire_(1992_film)=Drago d'acciaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fly_(1958_film)=L'esperimento del dottor K.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Matter_of_Life_and_Death_(film)=Scala al paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Rooms=Four Rooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cannonball_Run=La corsa più pazza d'America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison_Ivy_(1992_film)=La mia peggiore amica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood:_Men_in_Tights=Robin Hood - Un uomo in calzamaglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Dolce_Vita=La dolce vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_State_(film)=La mia vita a Garden State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Christmas,_Mr._Lawrence=Furyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_NIMH=Brisby e il segreto di NIMH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Con_Air=Con Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Petrified_Forest=La foresta pietrificata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_on_the_Third_Floor=Lo sconosciuto del terzo piano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Sierra_(film)=Una pallottola per Roy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stripes_(film)=Stripes - Un plotone di svitati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Work_(1998_film)=Dirty Work - Agenzia lavori sporchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_the_Worst_That_Could_Happen%3F=Lo scroccone e il ladro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risky_Business=Risky Business - Fuori i vecchi... i figli ballano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_on_Their_Birthdays=L'amore a 13 anni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_of_Oz_(1939_film)=Il mago di Oz (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bus_Stop_(1956_film)=Fermata d'autobus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopscotch_(film)=2 sotto il divano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Ibrahim=Monsieur Ibrahim e i fiori del Corano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Soldiers_(film)=Dog Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Robot_(film)=Io, robot (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_God_Created_Woman_(1956_film)=Piace a troppi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Diaries_(film)=Pretty Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_Space_(film)=Lost in Space - Perduti nello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yards=The Yards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredibles=Gli Incredibili - Una "normale" famiglia di supereroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Daylights=007 - Zona pericolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_Center_of_the_Earth_(1959_film)=Viaggio al centro della Terra (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Willy=Free Willy - Un amico da salvare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_(1967_film)=Lo straniero (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_Girl_(2004_film)=Jersey Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Cut=Arma da taglio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_(1999_film)=Romance (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._Mechagodzilla=Godzilla contro i robot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._Hedorah=Godzilla - Furia di mostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._Gigan=Godzilla contro i giganti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Monsters_Attack=Gojira Minilla Gabara - All kaijū daishingeki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_of_Astro-Monster=L'invasione degli astromostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mothra_vs._Godzilla=Watang! Nel favoloso impero dei mostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghidorah,_the_Three-Headed_Monster=Ghidorah! Il mostro a tre teste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_Raids_Again=Il re dei mostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Lose_a_Guy_in_10_Days=Come farsi lasciare in 10 giorni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Million_Years_B.C.=Un milione di anni fa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_Earth_(2001_film)=Ritorno dal paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Angel_at_My_Table=Un angelo alla mia tavola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exorcist_II:_The_Heretic=L'esorcista II - L'eretico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Tall_(1973_film)=Un duro per la legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babe:_Pig_in_the_City=Babe va in città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Banquet=Il banchetto di nozze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formula_17=Formula 17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searching_for_Bobby_Fischer=In cerca di Bobby Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_Without_Me=La mia vita senza me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tezaab=Tezaab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxanne_(film)=Roxanne (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Nation_(film)=Alien Nation (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affair_in_Trinidad=Trinidad (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_in_Babysitting=Tutto quella notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousins_(1989_film)=Cugini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Tell_Mom_the_Babysitter's_Dead=...non dite a mamma che la babysitter è morta!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pay_It_Forward_(film)=Un sogno per domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Boiled=Hard Boiled (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singles_(1992_film)=Singles - L'amore è un gioco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romancing_the_Stone=All'inseguimento della pietra verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trouble_with_Harry=La congiura degli innocenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Gray_Flannel_Suit=L'uomo dal vestito grigio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velvet_Goldmine=Velvet Goldmine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabhi_Khushi_Kabhie_Gham...=Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_to_5_(film)=Dalle 9 alle 5... orario continuato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rambo:_First_Blood_Part_II=Rambo 2 - La vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limelight_(1952_film)=Luci della ribalta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Oz=Nel fantastico mondo di Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannonball_Run_II=La corsa più pazza d'America n. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_View_to_a_Kill=007 - Bersaglio mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showdown_in_Little_Tokyo=Resa dei conti a Little Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genghis_Blues=Genghis Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_(1999_film)=Go - Una notte da dimenticare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Getaway_(1972_film)=Getaway!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeper_(1973_film)=Il dormiglione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audition_(1999_film)=Audition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_in_Show_(film)=Campioni di razza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nutty_Professor=The Nutty Professor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Now_for_Something_Completely_Different=E ora qualcosa di completamente diverso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_the_Army=This Is the Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_Mexico=C'era una volta in Messico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_to_Hell_(film)=Diritti all'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bronx_Tale=Bronx (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Darkside:_The_Movie=I delitti del gatto nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Next_Door_(2004_film)=La ragazza della porta accanto (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backdraft_(film)=Fuoco assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kal_Ho_Naa_Ho=Tomorrow May Never Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Placid_(film)=Lake Placid (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pillow_Book_(film)=I racconti del cuscino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Deeds=Mr. Deeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_and_the_King_of_Siam_(film)=Anna e il re del Siam (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_&_Leopold=Kate & Leopold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkabout_(film)=L'inizio del cammino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_(1996_film)=Paura (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moulin_Rouge_(1952_film)=Moulin Rouge (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shattered_Glass_(film)=L'inventore di favole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Lies_Beneath=Le verità nascoste (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Angels_(film)=Un grido nella notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Boy!=Cani dell'altro mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whales_of_August=Le balene d'agosto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Men_and_a_Baby=Tre scapoli e un bebè
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pumpkinhead_(film)=Pumpkinhead (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capturing_the_Friedmans=Una storia americana - Capturing the Friedmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaun_of_the_Dead=L'alba dei morti dementi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Max_Beyond_Thunderdome=Mad Max oltre la sfera del tuono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_Magnolias=Fiori d'acciaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fahrenheit_9/11=Fahrenheit 9/11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_of_Scotland_(film)=Maria di Scozia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_World=Fuga dal mondo dei sogni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalifornia=Kalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_'Burbs=L'erba del vicino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhunter_(film)=Manhunter - Frammenti di un omicidio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_2=Scream 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_3=Scream 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazes_and_Monsters=Labirinti e mostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caddyshack_II=Due palle in buca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Rhapsody=In fuga per la libertà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Harry_Crumb%3F=Chi è Harry Crumb?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nanny_(1965_film)=Nanny, la governante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Captain_and_the_World_of_Tomorrow=Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_(1988_film)=Belva di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doors_(film)=The Doors (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koi..._Mil_Gaya=Koi... Mil Gaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Own_Private_Idaho=Belli e dannati (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Them!=Assalto alla Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_at_the_Races_(film)=Un giorno alle corse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_Anything...=Non per soldi... ma per amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buster_(film)=Buster (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Going_on_30=30 anni in 1 secondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Elmo's_Fire_(film)=St. Elmo's Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocktail_(1988_film)=Cocktail (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lessons_of_Darkness=Apocalisse nel deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstones_in_Viva_Rock_Vegas=I Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man_2=Spider-Man 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Funeral_(1996_film)=Fratelli (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Rose_Hotel_(film)=New Rose Hotel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards_(film)=Wizards (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survival_of_the_Dead=Survival of the Dead - L'isola dei sopravvissuti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If....=Se...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_&_Lies_(film)=Segreti e bugie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Hours_(film)=Fuori orario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win_a_Date_with_Tad_Hamilton!=Appuntamento da sogno!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Intervention_(film)=Intervento divino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dreamers_(film)=The Dreamers - I sognatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids_(film)=Kids (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Blandings_Builds_His_Dream_House=La casa dei nostri sogni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_of_Death_(1995_film)=Il bacio della morte (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_of_Death_(1947_film)=Il bacio della morte (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_by_Numbers=Formula per un delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty=Basta guardare il cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostbusters_II=Ghostbusters II - Acchiappafantasmi II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangled=Rapunzel - L'intreccio della torre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_One_(film)=The Big One (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predator_2=Predator 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Your_Mark=HEART/NATURAL/On Your Mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Mice_and_Men_(1992_film)=Uomini e topi (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Old_Naughty_Days=Scandalosi vecchi tempi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_on_Chelouche_Street=The House on Chelouche Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drums_Along_the_Mohawk=La più grande avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_Angels_(1995_film)=Angeli perduti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridges_at_Toko-Ri=I ponti di Toko-Ri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Titfield_Thunderbolt=The Titfield Thunderbolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Kahuna_(film)=The Big Kahuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Caruso=Il grande Caruso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Twist_(1948_film)=Le avventure di Oliver Twist (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_of_the_Vampire=Mark of the Vampire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_After_Midnight_(film)=Il fantasma del castello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_on_Haunted_Hill=La casa dei fantasmi (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Eight_(film)=Sydney (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Man_from_Rio=L'uomo di Rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Theft_Auto_(film)=Attenti a quella pazza Rolls Royce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beat_Generation=The Beat Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_English_Girls=Le due inglesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punch-Drunk_Love=Ubriaco d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inglourious_Basterds=Bastardi senza gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Avengers_(1998_film)=The Avengers - Agenti speciali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Contender_(2000_film)=The Contender (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Streak_(film)=Wagons-lits con omicidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Pretty_Things_(film)=Piccoli affari sporchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hart's_War=Sotto corte marziale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Weeks_Notice=Two Weeks Notice - Due settimane per innamorarsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F.I.S.T.=F.I.S.T.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Bucks=Un pezzo da 20
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterworld=Waterworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Yesterday_(1991_film)=Pioggia di ricordi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hindenburg_(film)=Hindenburg (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._Destoroyah=Gojira VS Destroyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Got_Served=SDF Street Dance Fighters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_(1980_film)=Saranno famosi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Cold_in_Alex=Birra ghiacciata ad Alessandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperado_(film)=Desperado (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commissar_(film)=La commissaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Size_Me=Super Size Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastiane=Sebastiane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein's_Daughter=La figlia di Frankenstein (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_from_the_Mummy's_Tomb=Exorcismus - Cleo, la dea dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanchenjungha_(film)=Kanchenjungha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bicycle_Thieves=Ladri di biciclette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Earthling=Il bambino e il grande cacciatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_(1984_film)=Il fiume dell'ira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_Periscope=Giù le mani dal mio periscopio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDtv=EdTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Python_(film)=Python - Spirali di paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_(1993_film)=Alive - Sopravvissuti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirvana_(film)=Nirvana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon:_The_Bruce_Lee_Story=Dragon - La storia di Bruce Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sholay=Sholay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Planet=Il pianeta del tesoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face/Off=Face/Off - Due facce di un assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutthroat_Island=Corsari (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Johnson_(film)=Corvo rosso non avrai il mio scalpo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen:_A_Hip_Hopera=Carmen: A Hip Hopera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogtown_and_Z-Boys=Dogtown and Z-Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._Mechagodzilla_II=Gojira VS Mekagojira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula:_Dead_and_Loving_It=Dracula morto e contento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Dad=Ghost Dad - Papà è un fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Thunder=Giorni di tuono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_(1958_film)=Dracula il vampiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Nanny=Missili per casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Nice_Guy_(1997_film)=Mr. Nice Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snake_in_the_Eagle's_Shadow=Il serpente all'ombra dell'aquila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armour_of_God_(film)=Armour of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armour_of_God_II:_Operation_Condor=Armour of God II - Operation Condor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_Hour_2=Colpo grosso al drago rosso - Rush Hour 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Medallion=The Medallion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legends_of_the_Fall=Vento di passioni (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Neutron:_Boy_Genius=Jimmy Neutron - Ragazzo prodigio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan's_Childhood=L'infanzia di Ivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Eating_Gilbert_Grape=Buon compleanno Mr. Grape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquest_of_the_Planet_of_the_Apes=1999: conquista della Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liar_Liar=Bugiardo bugiardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Buck=Io e zio Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Still_Know_What_You_Did_Last_Summer=Incubo finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Karate_Kid=Karate Kid 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona_(film)=Barcelona (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One,_Two,_Three=Uno, due, tre!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Change_of_Habit=Change of Habit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Zoe=Killing Zoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_as_Sin=Per legittima accusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuch_Kuch_Hota_Hai=Kuch Kuch Hota Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Seduction=L'ultima seduzione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Story_(1985_film)=Police Story (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Dragons=Twin Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lucky_Stars=La gang degli svitati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Brawl=Chi tocca il giallo muore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philadelphia_Experiment_(film)=Philadelphia Experiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_World:_Jurassic_Park=Il mondo perduto - Jurassic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cool,_Dry_Place=Il mio campione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cell=The Cell - La cellula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criminal_Law_(film)=Legge criminale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Gigolo=American Gigolò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_and_the_Philosopher's_Stone_(film)=Harry Potter e la pietra filosofale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_and_the_Goblet_of_Fire_(film)=Harry Potter e il calice di fuoco (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_and_the_Prisoner_of_Azkaban_(film)=Harry Potter e il prigioniero di Azkaban (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_and_the_Chamber_of_Secrets_(film)=Harry Potter e la camera dei segreti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persona_(1966_film)=Persona (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cats_Don't_Dance=Cats Don't Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Company_(film)=The Company (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship_of_Fools_(film)=La nave dei folli (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pather_Panchali=Il lamento sul sentiero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Fantasy_VII:_Advent_Children=Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Riddick=The Chronicles of Riddick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1991:_The_Year_Punk_Broke=1991: The Year Punk Broke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bull_Durham=Bull Durham - Un gioco a tre mani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_and_the_Order_of_the_Phoenix_(film)=Harry Potter e l'Ordine della Fenice (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_Tender_(film)=Fratelli rivali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Huck=Le avventure di Tom Sawyer e Huck Finn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infernal_Affairs_III=Infernal Affairs III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchen_Stories=Kitchen Stories - Racconti di cucina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lawnmower_Man_(film)=Il tagliaerbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shaggy_Dog_(1959_film)=Geremia, cane e spia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Advocate_(1997_film)=L'avvocato del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Ghouls=La notte degli spettri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Girl_(film)=Papà, ho trovato un amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatliners=Linea mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Boys=Ragazzi perduti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_in_Black_II=Men in Black II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Boys_(1995_film)=Bad Boys (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Heart=Angel Heart - Ascensore per l'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Guns_(film)=Young Guns - Giovani pistole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Own=L'ombra del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Guns_II=Young Guns II - La leggenda di Billy the Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rat_Race_(film)=Rat Race (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Wolf=Voglia di vincere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Action_Hero=Last Action Hero - L'ultimo grande eroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_White_Hype=La grande promessa (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburger_Hill=Hamburger Hill: collina 937
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilda_(1996_film)=Matilda 6 mitica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Cuts=America oggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Line_of_Fire=Nel centro del mirino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Watch_(1973_film)=Ad un'ora della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terminal=The Terminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._T_&_the_Women=Il dottor T e le donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/200_Cigarettes=200 Cigarettes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Baked=Half Baked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Feast=Blood Feast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_Quest=Crazy for You - Pazzo per te
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Plane=Soul Plane - Pazzi in aeroplano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bacon=Operazione Canadian Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Your_Eyes_(1997_film)=Apri gli occhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jungle_Book_(1967_film)=Il libro della giungla (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruthless_People=Per favore, ammazzatemi mia moglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Dancing=Dirty Dancing - Balli proibiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Cop=Beverly Hills Cop - Un piedipiatti a Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_in_the_Lake=Una donna nel lago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_It_Off_(film)=Set It Off - Farsi notare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consenting_Adults_(1992_film)=Giochi d'adulti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Preacher's_Wife=Uno sguardo dal cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menace_II_Society=Nella giungla di cemento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bambi=Bambi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazaam=Kazaam - Il gigante rap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Big_Man_(film)=Il piccolo grande uomo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Damned_(1969_film)=La caduta degli dei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_of_the_State_(film)=Nemico pubblico (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedazzled_(1967_film)=Il mio amico il diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Tycoon_(1976_film)=Gli ultimi fuochi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Wolf_Too=Voglia di vincere 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innerspace=Salto nel buio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Problem_Child_2=Piccola peste torna a far danni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loaded_Weapon_1=Palle in canna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixteen_Candles=Sixteen Candles - Un compleanno da ricordare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_League_(film)=Major League - La squadra più scassata della lega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wings_of_Eagles=Le ali delle aquile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_(1994_film)=Wolf - La belva è fuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cradle_Will_Rock=Il prezzo della libertà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jack_City=New Jack City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/54_(film)=Studio 54 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthday_Girl=Birthday Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_the_Heart=La musica del cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Dreams_May_Come_(film)=Al di là dei sogni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species_(film)=Specie mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accused_(1988_film)=Sotto accusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horse_Soldiers=Soldati a cavallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Election_(1999_film)=Election (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Rising=Codice Mercury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Kiss_Goodnight=Spy (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunted_(2003_film)=The Hunted - La preda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Girls_(1994_film)=Bad Girls (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Entity=Entity (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alone_in_the_Dark_(2005_film)=Alone in the Dark (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Teahouse_of_the_August_Moon_(film)=La casa da tè alla luna d'agosto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marked_Woman=Le 5 schiave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Melodrama=Le due strade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stakeout_(1987_film)=Sorveglianza... speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlito's_Way=Carlito's Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Presidents=Dollari sporchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Walk_on_the_Moon=A Walk on the Moon - Complice la luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fly_II=La mosca 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_(1996_film)=Jack (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vanishing_(1993_film)=The Vanishing - Scomparsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Official_Story=La storia ufficiale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_(film)=Sogni perduti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_(film)=Dave - Presidente per un giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefox_(film)=Firefox - Volpe di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_(2002_film)=Zvezda (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dukes_of_Hazzard_(film)=Hazzard (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Parents=Ti presento i miei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethal_Weapon_2=Arma letale 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Alone_3=Mamma, ho preso il morbillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethal_Weapon_3=Arma letale 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethal_Weapon_4=Arma letale 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Learning=L'università dell'odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Circus=Tre pazzi a zonzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/25th_Hour=La 25ª ora (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trip_(1967_film)=Il serpente di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Trouble_in_Little_China=Grosso guaio a Chinatown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Returns=La ricompensa del gatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Calm_(film)=Ore 10: calma piatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horse_Whisperer_(film)=L'uomo che sussurrava ai cavalli (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Treasure_(film)=Il mistero dei Templari - National Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Months=Nine Months - Imprevisti d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_L.A.=Fuga da Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluke_(film)=Fluke (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Roy_(1995_film)=Rob Roy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man_3=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_51st_State=Codice 51
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Palace_(film)=Calda emozione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Willy_2:_The_Adventure_Home=Free Willy 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster's_Ball=Monster's Ball - L'ombra della vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Morphin_Power_Rangers:_The_Movie=Power Rangers - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Kind_of_Wonderful_(film)=Un meraviglioso batticuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaconda_(film)=Anaconda (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Simple_Wish=Un semplice desiderio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box-Office_Bunny=Un biglietto per il cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species_II=Species II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolen_Summer=L'ultima estate - Ricordi di un'amicizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_of_Zorro=La maschera di Zorro (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_and_Away=Cuori ribelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnum_Force=Una 44 Magnum per l'ispettore Callaghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit:_Stallion_of_the_Cimarron=Spirit - Cavallo selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_Cats_&_Dogs=Un uomo in prestito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_in_the_Face=Blue in the Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I._Jane=Soldato Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_Guffman=Sognando Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_Knight=Il cavaliere del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordello_of_Blood=Il piacere del sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Boy_Scout=L'ultimo boy scout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saved!=Saved!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wing_Commander_(film)=Wing Commander - Attacco alla Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snatch_(film)=Snatch - Lo strappo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_Freedom=Grido di libertà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Streak_(film)=Da ladro a poliziotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Juan_DeMarco=Don Juan De Marco - Maestro d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stepford_Wives_(2004_film)=La donna perfetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_the_Weeping_Camel=La storia del cammello che piange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_80_Days_(2004_film)=Il giro del mondo in 80 giorni (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorman:_The_Legend_of_Ron_Burgundy=Anchorman - La leggenda di Ron Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_for_the_Planet_of_the_Apes=Anno 2670 - Ultimo atto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peacemaker_(1997_film)=The Peacemaker (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Pinocchio_(1996_film)=Le straordinarie avventure di Pinocchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Girl_2=Il mio primo bacio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_(film)=Lucas (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_Dance_(film)=Square Dance - Ritorno a casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoroughly_Modern_Millie=Millie (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Stepmother_Is_an_Alien=Ho sposato un'aliena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jimmy_Timmy_Power_Hour=The Jimmy Timmy Power Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikiru=Vivere (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_vs._Jason=Freddy vs. Jason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quadrophenia_(film)=Quadrophenia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepaway_Camp=Sleepaway Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Joe_Black=Vi presento Joe Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora_and_the_Flying_Dutchman=Pandora (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3000_Miles_to_Graceland=La rapina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenon:_Girl_of_the_21st_Century_(film)=Zenon - Ragazza stellare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_in_the_Sky=Bagliori nel buio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Newton_Boys=Newton Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Impossible_(film)=Mission: Impossible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_(1936_film)=Il circo (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeiram=Zeiram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_by_Death=Invito a cena con delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exorcist_(film)=L'esorcista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jungle_Book_2=Il libro della giungla 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Adam_(film)=Young Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Tracy_(1990_film)=Dick Tracy (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_a_Man_Loves_a_Woman_(film)=Amarsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pets_or_Meat:_The_Return_to_Flint=Bestiole da coccole o da macello: il ritorno a Flint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amores_perros=Amores perros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo_2:_Monsters_Unleashed=Scooby-Doo 2 - Mostri scatenati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_(1998_American_film)=Soldier (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Cover=Massima copertura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Padre=Flying Padre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_Enemy_Lines_(2001_film)=Behind Enemy Lines - Dietro le linee nemiche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Diaries_2:_Royal_Engagement=Principe azzurro cercasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlan_County,_USA=Harlan County, USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurse_Betty=Betty Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posse_(1993_film)=Posse - La leggenda di Jessie Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Honors_(film)=110 e lode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Stakeout=Occhio al testimone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outbreak_(film)=Virus letale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldboy_(2003_film)=Old Boy (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_(1969_film)=More - Di più, ancora di più
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_Cody_Banks_2:_Destination_London=Agente Cody Banks 2 - Destinazione Londra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Dolittle_2=Il dottor Dolittle 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonwalker=Moonwalker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiplicity_(film)=Mi sdoppio in 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Madison=Billy Madison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sure_Thing=Sacco a pelo a tre piazze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Circuit_(1986_film)=Corto circuito (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rains_Came=La grande pioggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1969_(film)=1969 - I giorni della rabbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Home,_Roxy_Carmichael=Roxy - Il ritorno di una stella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumb_and_Dumber=Scemo & più scemo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Werewolf_in_Paris=Un lupo mannaro americano a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Date_(1987_film)=Appuntamento al buio (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Village_(2004_film)=The Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandal_(1989_film)=Scandal - Il caso Profumo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.A.R.Y.L.=D.A.R.Y.L.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Traffic=Heavy Traffic (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pan_(2003_film)=Peter Pan (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quick_and_the_Dead_(1995_film)=Pronti a morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Town_(film)=La città dei ragazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_A.E.=Titan A.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Edge_(film)=Giovani guerrieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scenes_from_a_Marriage=Scene da un matrimonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_We_Were_Kings=Quando eravamo re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolya=Il monello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_and_the_Giant_Peach_(film)=James e la pesca gigante (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliffhanger_(film)=Cliffhanger - L'ultima sfida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hair_(film)=Hair (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring,_Summer,_Fall,_Winter..._and_Spring=Primavera, estate, autunno, inverno... e ancora primavera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Scene_at_the_Sea=Il silenzio sul mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonatine_(1993_film)=Sonatine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Any%3F=Getting Any?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids_Return=Kids Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hana-bi=Hana-bi - Fiori di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikujiro=L'estate di Kikujiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_(2000_film)=Brother (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Little_2=Stuart Little 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Spit_on_Your_Grave=Non violentate Jennifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_the_Wilderness=Uomo bianco, va' col tuo dio!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_(1987_film)=The Dead - Gente di Dublino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_Jury=La giuria (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_the_Rails=Operazione Apfelkern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josie_and_the_Pussycats_(film)=Josie and the Pussycats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishonen_(film)=Bishōnen (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Paradise=Amanti perduti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo'_Better_Blues=Mo' Better Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_I_Live_In_(1945_film)=The House I Live In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabberwocky_(film)=Jabberwocky (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phenomenon_(film)=Phenomenon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Claudel_(film)=Camille Claudel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Round=Bulldog Drummond's Third Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulldog_Drummond_(1922_film)=Bulldog Drummond (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blob=Fluido mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Year_Itch=Quando la moglie è in vacanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apartment_(1996_film)=L'appartamento (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Bang=Dead Bang - A colpo sicuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_It_On_(film)=Ragazze nel pallone (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_and_the_Rose=La spada e la rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_in_the_Moon=Una donna nella luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baise-moi=Baise moi - Scopami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baby-Sitters_Club_(film)=Il club delle baby sitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frighteners=Sospesi nel tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Wonderland_(1951_film)=Alice nel Paese delle Meraviglie (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_(film)=Country (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_(1987_film)=Anna (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Dreams_(1985_film)=Sweet Dreams (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steamboy=Steamboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Screen=Charlot macchinista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Box_(film)=Music Box - Prova d'accusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fabulous_Baker_Boys=I favolosi Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/But_I'm_a_Cheerleader=Gonne al bivio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grifters_(film)=Rischiose abitudini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._and_Mrs._Bridge=Mr. & Mrs. Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Gordon_Conquers_the_Universe=Flash Gordon - Il conquistatore dell'universo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indochine_(film)=Indocina (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Boys=Giorni di gloria... giorni d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_Fish=Amori e amicizie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_Lives_(film)=Identità violate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Again=L'altro delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_of_the_Bride_(1991_film)=Il padre della sposa (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_One=Il selvaggio (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faster,_Pussycat!_Kill!_Kill!=Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revue=Teatro di rivista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suddenly_(1954_film)=Gangsters in agguato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laser_Mission=Laser Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Man_and_Little_Boy=L'ombra di mille soli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Lives_of_Elizabeth_and_Essex=Il conte di Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Patrullero=El patrullero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winner_(1996_film)=Il vincitore (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promised_Land_(1987_film)=Terra promessa (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phone_Booth_(film)=In linea con l'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Fire=Fuoco verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourteen_Hours=14ª ora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor_and_the_Assassin=L'imperatore e l'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teaching_Mrs._Tingle=Killing Mrs. Tingle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptress_Moon=Le tentazioni della luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.W.A.T._(film)=S.W.A.T. - Squadra speciale anticrimine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_&_Viv=Tom & Viv - Nel bene, nel male, per sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Women_(1994_film)=Piccole donne (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin's_Room_(film)=La stanza di Marvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_the_Waves=Le onde del destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_of_Bensonhurst=Mafia kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dickson_Experimental_Sound_Film=Dickson Experimental Sound Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casshern_(film)=Kyashan - La rinascita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cid_(film)=El Cid (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsenic_and_Old_Lace_(film)=Arsenico e vecchi merletti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Minute_(film)=Una pazza giornata a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catwoman_(film)=Catwoman (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Summer_Dress=Une robe d'été
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Nicotine;_or,_The_Smoke_Fairy=Principessa Nicotina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faces_of_Death_II=Le facce della morte n. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Mutiny=Space Mutiny - Duello nel cosmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothika=Gothika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Behind_the_Sun=Hei tai yang 731
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangmen_Also_Die!=Anche i boia muoiono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bay_Boy=Il ragazzo della baia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia_(1938_film)=Olympia (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resident_Evil:_Apocalypse=Resident Evil: Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_6th_Day=Il sesto giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartan_(film)=Spartan (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Times_of_Grizzly_Adams=Grizzly Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Navigators_(film)=Paul, Mick e gli altri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perils_of_Gwendoline_in_the_Land_of_the_Yik-Yak=Gwendoline (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Eclipse_(film)=Poeti dall'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Bleak_Midwinter_(film)=Nel bel mezzo di un gelido inverno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitcom_(film)=Sitcom - La famiglia è simpatica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravan_of_Courage:_An_Ewok_Adventure=L'avventura degli Ewoks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crush_(1993_film)=La ragazza della porta accanto (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_Sunrise=Prima dell'alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_of_Rock=School of Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_Sunset=Before Sunset - Prima del tramonto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewoks:_The_Battle_for_Endor=Il ritorno degli Ewoks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Cauldron_(film)=Taron e la pentola magica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_on_the_Side=A proposito di donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Cop_II=Beverly Hills Cop II - Un piedipiatti a Beverly Hills II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Family_Robinson_(1960_film)=Robinson nell'isola dei corsari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_a_Thief_(1991_film)=Once a Thief (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Lonely_Place=Il diritto di uccidere (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohabbatein=Mohabbatein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ever_After=La leggenda di un amore - Cinderella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outland_(film)=Atmosfera zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Boy=Tommy Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubba_Ho-Tep=Bubba Ho-Tep - Il re è qui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judgment_Night_(film)=Cuba libre - La notte del giudizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_with_a_Stranger=Ballando con uno sconosciuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spies_Like_Us=Spie come noi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_(1998_film)=Twilight (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Ralph=Sua maestà viene da Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endless_Love_(1981_film)=Amore senza fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collateral_(film)=Collateral (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Wish_II=Il giustiziere della notte n. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Ringers_(film)=Inseparabili (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edvard_Munch_(film)=Edvard Munch (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Inkwell=Out of the Inkwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savior_(film)=Savior (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_(1988_film)=Alice (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Actress=Millennium Actress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thin_Line_Between_Love_and_Hate=La linea sottile tra odio e amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_(film)=10 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_New_York=King of New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_In-Laws_(1979_film)=Una strana coppia di suoceri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boiler_Room_(film)=1 km da Wall Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolberg_(film)=La cittadella degli eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siberian_Lady_Macbeth=Lady Macbeth siberiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Mr._Lincoln=Alba di gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Hit=Il grande colpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/42nd_Street_(film)=Quarantaduesima strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_(1995_film)=Sebastian (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belly_of_the_Beast=Belly of the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_of_the_Bee_Girls=L'invasione delle api regine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Giant=Il gigante di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Man_Flint=Il nostro agente Flint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smokey_and_the_Bandit=Il bandito e la "Madama"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bitter_Tears_of_Petra_von_Kant=Le lacrime amare di Petra von Kant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_de_Jour_(film)=Bella di giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Decadence=Tokyo Decadence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Freaks_and_Men=Pro urodov i ljudej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somebody_Up_There_Likes_Me_(1956_film)=Lassù qualcuno mi ama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frantic_(film)=Frantic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zulu_(1964_film)=Zulu (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Story=Viaggio a Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equinox_Flower=Fiori d'equinozio (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitter_Moon=Luna di fiele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Spring=Tarda primavera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Porter=Il portiere di notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Who's_Talking=Senti chi parla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Piano_Teacher_(film)=La pianista (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_(1989_film)=Always - Per sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tales_of_Beatrix_Potter=I racconti di Natale di Beatrix Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclo_(film)=Cyclo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suburban_Commando=Cose dell'altro mondo (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charley_Varrick=Chi ucciderà Charley Varrick?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Style=Wild Style (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Leopard_Woman=Tarzan e la donna leopardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full-Court_Miracle=Miracolo a tutto campo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looney_Tunes:_Back_in_Action=Looney Tunes: Back in Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andaz_Apna_Apna=Andaz Apna Apna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_America_(film)=Air America (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kama_Sutra:_A_Tale_of_Love=Kamasutra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De-Lovely=De-Lovely - Così facile da amare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeway_(1996_film)=Freeway - No Exit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Walk_to_Remember=I passi dell'amore - A Walk to Remember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shampoo_(film)=Shampoo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Shot_in_the_Dark_(1964_film)=Uno sparo nel buio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heartbreak_Kid_(1972_film)=Il rompicuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Cancun=The Real Cancun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Roan_Inish=Il segreto dell'isola di Roan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_and_the_Half-Blood_Prince_(film)=Harry Potter e il principe mezzosangue (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landru_(film)=Landru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singing_Detective_(film)=The Singing Detective (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampyr=Vampyr - Il vampiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Time_of_the_Butterflies_(film)=In the Time of the Butterflies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crumb_(film)=Crumb (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indecent_Proposal=Proposta indecente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Care_Bears_Movie=Gli orsetti del cuore - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_Does_Not_Believe_in_Tears=Mosca non crede alle lacrime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happiness_(1998_film)=Happiness - Felicità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quatermass_Xperiment=L'astronave atomica del dottor Quatermass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ararat_(film)=Ararat - Il monte dell'Arca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stray_Dog_(film)=Cane randagio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_and_Low_(1963_film)=Anatomia di un rapimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drunken_Angel=L'angelo ubriaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quatermass_2=I vampiri dello spazio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Supremacy_(film)=The Bourne Supremacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepover_(film)=Sleepover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Chicks=White Chicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quatermass_and_the_Pit_(film)=L'astronave degli esseri perduti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Helen=Quando meno te lo aspetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gambler_(1974_film)=40.000 dollari per non morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon_(2001_film)=Avalon (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop_Dead_Gorgeous_(film)=Bella da morire (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Blood=Rambo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apprenticeship_of_Duddy_Kravitz_(film)=Soldi ad ogni costo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Count_of_Monte_Cristo_(2002_film)=Montecristo (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_the_Unknown=X contro il centro atomico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Wong_Foo,_Thanks_for_Everything!_Julie_Newmar=A Wong Foo, grazie di tutto! Julie Newmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_&_Kumar_Go_to_White_Castle=American Trip - Il primo viaggio non si scorda mai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravenous=Ravenous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider_(2002_film)=Spider (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_Sleep_Well=I cattivi dormono in pace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Island_Earth=Cittadino dello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Came_from_Beneath_the_Sea=Il mostro dei mari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muppet_Movie=Ecco il film dei Muppet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addams_Family_Values=La famiglia Addams 2 (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintin_and_the_Blue_Oranges=Tintin et les oranges bleues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocketship_X-M=RX-M Destinazione Luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Moonbase=Project Moonbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crow:_Salvation=Il corvo 3 - Salvation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footloose_(1984_film)=Footloose (film 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ong-Bak:_Muay_Thai_Warrior=Ong-Bak - Nato per combattere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Men_in_the_Moon_(1964_film)=Base Luna chiama Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escaflowne_(film)=Escaflowne - The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kronos_(film)=Kronos, il conquistatore dell'universo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Moon_(film)=Uomini sulla Luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Movie_3=Scary Movie 3 - Una risata vi seppellirà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_Drink_Man_Woman=Mangiare bere uomo donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannequin_(1987_film)=Mannequin (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon_Dynamite=Napoleon Dynamite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy's_War=L'uomo che venne dal nord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4D_Man=Delitto in quarta dimensione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_in_60_Seconds_(2000_film)=Fuori in 60 secondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shallow_Grave=Piccoli omicidi tra amici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angry_Red_Planet=Marte distruggerà la Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Lisa_Smile=Mona Lisa Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cure_for_Insomnia=The Cure for Insomnia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Affair_to_Remember=Un amore splendido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laws_of_Attraction=Laws of Attraction - Matrimonio in appello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cable_Guy=Il rompiscatole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrooged=S.O.S. fantasmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streets_of_Fire=Strade di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Way_Out_(1987_film)=Senza via di scampo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PT_109_(film)=PT 109 - Posto di combattimento!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaker_Morant_(film)=Esecuzione di un eroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Preppie_Murder=Delitto al Central Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Portrait_of_a_Lady_(film)=Ritratto di signora (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassination_Bureau=Assassination Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swimfan=Swimfan - La piscina della paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/40_Days_and_40_Nights=40 giorni & 40 notti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stitch!_The_Movie=Provaci ancora Stitch!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husbands_and_Wives=Mariti e mogli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Play_in_the_Fields_of_the_Lord=Giocando nei campi del Signore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_(film)=Celebrity (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Psycho_2=American Psycho 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratz:_Starrin'_&_Stylin'=Bratz: Le star della moda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrooms_(film)=Shrooms - Trip senza ritorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1492:_Conquest_of_Paradise=1492 - La conquista del paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robots_(2005_film)=Robots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Asphalt_Jungle=Giungla d'asfalto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_from_20,000_Fathoms=Il risveglio del dinosauro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Triad=La triade di Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_November_(2001_film)=Sweet November - Dolce novembre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_(1978_film)=Magic - Magia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrong_Trousers=I pantaloni sbagliati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Grand_Day_Out=Una fantastica gita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peyton_Place_(film)=I peccatori di Peyton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It!_The_Terror_from_Beyond_Space=Il mostro dell'astronave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valley_of_Gwangi=La vendetta di Gwangi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_Million_Miles_to_Earth=A 30 milioni di km. dalla Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X:_The_Man_with_the_X-ray_Eyes=L'uomo dagli occhi a raggi X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trollenberg_Terror=I mostri delle rocce atomiche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outfoxed=Outfoxed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_(2002_film)=S1m0ne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwone_Fisher_(film)=Antwone Fisher (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charade_(1963_film)=Sciarada (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_America:_World_Police=Team America: World Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Sign=La settima profezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/200_Motels=200 Motels (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_vs._Predator_(film)=Alien vs. Predator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_House_(1989_film)=Il duro del Road House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_High=Pensieri spericolati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Within_the_Woods=Within the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kentucky_Fried_Movie=Ridere per ridere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munna_Bhai_M.B.B.S.=Munnabhai M.B.B.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbound_(2002_film)=Spellbound (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxfire_(1996_film)=Foxfire (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrek_the_Third=Shrek terzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_President_(2006_film)=Death of a President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caveman_(film)=Il cavernicolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basquiat_(film)=Basquiat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twonky=The Twonky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitcher_(1986_film)=The Hitcher - La lunga strada della paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(1921_film)=I tre moschettieri (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chopper_(film)=Chopper (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pickup_on_South_Street=Mano pericolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bedford_Incident=Stato d'allarme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Records=Empire Records (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Water_(film)=Open Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulworth=Bulworth - Il senatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film)=Novecento (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Anarchy=Film d'amore e d'anarchia - Ovvero "Stamattina alle 10 in via dei Fiori nella nota casa di tolleranza..."
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Roberts=Bob Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpio_Rising_(film)=Scorpio Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Marry_a_Millionaire=Come sposare un milionario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Life_Less_Ordinary=Una vita esagerata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Off_Dead_(film)=Sapore di hamburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rugrats_Go_Wild=I Rugrats nella giungla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_the_Dead=La terra dei morti viventi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mountain_Eagle=The Mountain Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Heaven=I ragazzi del paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Go_with_Pancho_Villa=Vámonos con Pancho Villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Death=Amore e guerra (film 1975)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Curious_(Yellow)=Io sono curiosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_(film)=Orlando (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Birds_(film)=Pennuti spennati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easter_Parade_(film)=Ti amavo senza saperlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_for_the_Road_(film)=Due per la strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Recruit=La regola del sospetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_(film)=Dinosauri (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exorcist:_The_Beginning=L'esorcista - La genesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_in_Time_(film)=Ovunque nel tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Act=Sister Act - Una svitata in abito da suora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cars_(film)=Cars - Motori ruggenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Notorious_Bettie_Page=La scandalosa vita di Bettie Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Valley_of_the_Dolls=Lungo la valle delle bambole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cradle_2_the_Grave=Amici x la morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Majesty_O'Keefe=Il trono nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_(1985_film)=Legend (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zulu_Dawn=Zulu Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cube_2:_Hypercube=Il cubo 2 - Hypercube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Motorcycle_Diaries_(film)=I diari della motocicletta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rounders_(film)=Il giocatore - Rounders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Together_(2000_film)=Together (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilya_4-ever=Lilja 4-ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blink_(film)=Occhi nelle tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_by_Heart=Scherzi del cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_with_the_Enemy=A letto con il nemico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey,_I_Blew_Up_the_Kid=Tesoro, mi si è allargato il ragazzino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Losing_Isaiah=Lontano da Isaiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airheads=Airheads - Una band da lanciare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heroes_of_Telemark=Gli eroi di Telemark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolf_Man_(1941_film)=L'uomo lupo (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anacondas:_The_Hunt_for_the_Blood_Orchid=Anaconda - Alla ricerca dell'orchidea maledetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Waltz=L'ultimo valzer (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crowd_(1928_film)=La folla (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_for_Your_Life,_Charlie_Brown=Corri più che puoi, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumumba_(film)=Lumumba (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Girl=The Good Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_the_Distance_(2004_film)=Vado, vedo... vengo! - Un viaggio tutto curve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_Royale_(2006_film)=Casino Royale (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remo_Williams:_The_Adventure_Begins=Il mio nome è Remo Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovin'_Molly=Lovin' Molly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bat*21=Bat*21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorgeous_(film)=In fuga per Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_Services=Personal Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocoon_(film)=Cocoon - L'energia dell'universo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocoon:_The_Return=Cocoon - Il ritorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainscan=Brainscan - Il gioco della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_El_Dorado=La strada per El Dorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Story=A Christmas Story - Una storia di Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hour_Photo=One Hour Photo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly's_Heroes=I guerrieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taegukgi_(film)=Brothers of War - Sotto due bandiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Petticoat=Operazione sottoveste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Harm's_Way=Prima vittoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manderlay=Manderlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Legend_(film)=Urban Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Hawaii=Blue Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_(1990_film)=Revenge - Vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Hawk_(1940_film)=Lo sparviero del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_Mile_(film)=Soluzione finale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_of_Fu_Manchu=La maschera di Fu Manciu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Teamed=Due gemelle e un pallone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Last_Night_(1986_film)=A proposito della notte scorsa...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Nerds_II:_Nerds_in_Paradise=La rivincita dei nerds II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_(film)=Dolly's Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_Back_to_Oz=Ritorno a Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_(1994_film)=Genitori cercasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspect_Zero=Suspect Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hole_(2001_film)=The Hole (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pushing_Hands_(film)=Pushing Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsoon_Wedding=Monsoon Wedding - Matrimonio indiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsies=Gli strilloni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Real_Girls=All the Real Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analyze_This=Terapia e pallottole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Mile_(film)=Il miglio verde (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_About_Bob%3F=Tutte le manie di Bob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Lady=Funny Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tea_with_Mussolini=Un tè con Mussolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_on_Haunted_Hill_(1999_film)=Il mistero della casa sulla collina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Destiny=Mr. Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manchurian_Candidate_(2004_film)=The Manchurian Candidate (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clash_of_the_Titans_(1981_film)=Scontro di titani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Moon=L'uomo della luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubble_Boy_(film)=Bubble Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Act_2:_Back_in_the_Habit=Sister Act 2 - Più svitata che mai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shoes_of_the_Fisherman=L'uomo venuto dal Kremlino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_Where_I'm_Going!=So dove vado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Drink_with_Me=Le implacabili lame di rondine d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Arnold!:_The_Movie=Hey Arnold! Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunting_(1963_film)=Gli invasati (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatre_of_Blood=Oscar insanguinato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_of_Sam=S.O.S. Summer of Sam - Panico a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bold_and_the_Brave=La soglia dell'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_Delancey=Dall'altro lato della strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taking_of_Pelham_One_Two_Three_(1974_film)=Il colpo della metropolitana (Un ostaggio al minuto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Legged_Freaks=Arac Attack - Mostri a otto zampe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunting_(1999_film)=Haunting - Presenze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Young_Things_(film)=Bright Young Things (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scorpion_King=Il Re Scorpione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy:_Tomb_of_the_Dragon_Emperor=La mummia - La tomba dell'Imperatore Dragone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy_Returns=La mummia - Il ritorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cats_&_Dogs=Come cani e gatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Tokyo=Destinazione Tokio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_H20:_20_Years_Later=Halloween - 20 anni dopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tequila_Sunrise_(film)=Tequila Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Walk_in_the_Sun_(1945_film)=Salerno, ora X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Hell_and_Back_(film)=All'inferno e ritorno (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tall_Tale_(film)=Pecos Bill - Una leggenda per amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Death_of_Colonel_Blimp=Duello a Berlino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiki-Jitsu=Shiki-Jitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_(film)=Congo (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Wax_(1953_film)=La maschera di cera (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Fockers=Mi presenti i tuoi?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/55_Days_at_Peking=55 giorni a Pechino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flirting_(film)=Flirting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_(film)=Titus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Live_and_Die_in_L.A._(film)=Vivere e morire a Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Dirt=Le avventure di Joe Dirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swordfish_(film)=Codice: Swordfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Identity_(2002_film)=The Bourne Identity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_Queen_(TV_serial)=The Virgin Queen (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windtalkers=Windtalkers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_at_Remagen=Il ponte di Remagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Top_Pee-wee=Big Top Pee-wee - La mia vita picchiatella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guardian_(1990_film)=L'albero del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Late_the_Hero_(film)=Non è più tempo d'eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Darkness_(1943_film)=La bandiera sventola ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_SpongeBob_SquarePants_Movie=SpongeBob - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Prix_(1966_film)=Grand Prix (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_(2004_film)=La tela dell'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_(film)=Millennium (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Transporter=The Transporter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_to_Exhale=Donne - Waiting to Exhale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Tail=Fievel sbarca in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaft_(2000_film)=Shaft (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_School_(film)=Old School (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_of_Mars=Fantasmi da Marte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Parker_and_the_Vicious_Circle=Mrs. Parker e il circolo vizioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_Treatment=Shock Treatment (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doom_Generation=Doom Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sommersby=Sommersby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pork_Chop_Hill=38º parallelo: missione compiuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babette's_Feast=Il pranzo di Babette (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Experiment=The Experiment - Cercasi cavie umane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happened_Here=It Happened Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tape_(film)=Tape (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_My_Success_(1987_film)=Il segreto del mio successo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Godfathers=Tokyo Godfathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_Lake=Eden Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_(1973_film)=Robin Hood (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pan_(1953_film)=Le avventure di Peter Pan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rover_Dangerfield=Rover e Daisy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watership_Down_(film)=La collina dei conigli (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carter_(film)=John Carter (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(film)=Guida galattica per autostoppisti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machuca=Machuca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Time_Dead=Long Time Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Secret!=Top Secret!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Frontal_(film)=Full Frontal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knick_Knack=Knick Knack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanity_Fair_(1932_film)=Bovary moderna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Las_Vegas=Viva Las Vegas (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flaming_Star=Stella di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Blessing=Benedizione mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Quatermain_and_the_Lost_City_of_Gold=Gli avventurieri della città perduta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Stories=New York Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Boum=Il tempo delle mele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wimbledon_(film)=Wimbledon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Gunfighter=Ultima notte a Cottonwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Thornberrys_Movie=La famiglia della giungla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_Without_a_Mexican=Un giorno senza messicani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_'n'_Roll_High_School=Rock 'n' Roll High School (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Sunset=After the Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothic_(film)=Gothic (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shogun_Assassin=Shogun il giustiziere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_(2003_film)=Il ritorno (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_(film)=Ray (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Arrow_(1950_film)=L'amante indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downfall_(2004_film)=La caduta - Gli ultimi giorni di Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Dawn's_Early_Light=Codice Trinity: attacco all'alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hole_in_My_Heart=Un buco nel mio cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_Night_in_Paris=1 Night in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domestic_Disturbance=Unico testimone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Brother_(1999_film)=Hello Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ransom_(1996_film)=Ransom - Il riscatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kindergarten_Cop=Un poliziotto alle elementari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Who's_Talking_Too=Senti chi parla 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bored_of_Education=Bored of Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_the_Caribbean:_Dead_Man's_Chest=Pirati dei Caraibi - La maledizione del forziere fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_Lone_Ranger=La leggenda del ranger solitario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_of_the_Few=Il primo dei pochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foul_Play_(1978_film)=Gioco sleale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_American_Uncle=Mio zio d'America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_Monster=Robot Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sabbath_(film)=I tre volti della paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nam's_Angels=Un mucchio di bastardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_Heaven=L'altro lato del paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mambo_Italiano_(film)=Mambo italiano (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirens_(1994_film)=Sirene (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautician_and_the_Beast=L'amore è un trucco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simply_Irresistible_(film)=Semplicemente irresistibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Kong=The Mighty Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck,_You_Sucker!=Giù la testa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soft_Skin=La calda amante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Club=Fight Club (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._3000=Mr. 3000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicker_Park_(film)=Appuntamento a Wicker Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Blue_World=Dark Blue World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gate_(1987_film)=Non aprite quel cancello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farmer's_Wife=La moglie del fattore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonheart=Dragonheart (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screamers_(1995_film)=Screamers - Urla dallo spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Were_Soldiers=We Were Soldiers - Fino all'ultimo uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Nicky=Little Nicky - Un diavolo a Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nekromantik=Nekromantik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_Silence=Pianese Nunzio, 14 anni a maggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passenger_(1963_film)=La passeggera (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somersault_(film)=Somersault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Baby_(1978_film)=Pretty Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_New_Partner=Il commissadro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon_and_Samantha=Due ragazzi e un leone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horse_Feathers=I fratelli Marx al college
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winged_Migration=Il popolo migratore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glitter_(film)=Glitter (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Blue_(1980_film)=Snack bar blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Race_2000=Anno 2000 - La corsa della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Fang_(1991_film)=Zanna Bianca - Un piccolo grande lupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Daughter_(2004_film)=Una teenager alla Casa Bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Cut_(2004_film)=The Final Cut (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Spirits_(film)=La casa degli spiriti (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immoral_Mr._Teas=The Immoral Mr. Teas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Creole=La via del male (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Force_(film)=G-Force - Superspie in missione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel's_Egg=Tenshi no tamago (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Destroyer=Conan il distruttore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winchester_'73=Winchester '73
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saw_(2004_film)=Saw - L'enigmista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Crime=Sette criminali e un bassotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Voyage=Viaggio allucinante (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Ten_Yards=FBI: Protezione testimoni 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth:_The_Golden_Age=Elizabeth: The Golden Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_with_Love=Abbasso l'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Gordon's_Trip_to_Mars=Flash Gordon alla conquista di Marte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_White_Suit=Lo scandalo del vestito bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catlow=Catlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meteor_(film)=Meteor (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Cat,_White_Cat=Gatto nero, gatto bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brotherhood_of_the_Wolf=Il patto dei lupi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_and_Blood_(1985_film)=L'amore e il sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Liberty=Amori in corsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Cuba=Soy Cuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozart_and_the_Whale=Crazy in Love (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladder_49=Squadra 49
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey,_I_Shrunk_the_Kids=Tesoro, mi si sono ristretti i ragazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Boyfriend's_Back_(1993_film)=Fantasma per amore (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beowulf_(1999_film)=Beowulf (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resident_Evil_(film)=Resident Evil (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Football_Factory_(film)=The Football Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Manson_Superstar=Charles Manson Superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Reeds=L'età acerba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Story=Pazzi a Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delivering_Milo=Guardo, ci penso e nasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Suede=Johnny Suede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Flying_Daggers=La foresta dei pugnali volanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Ropes=Against the Ropes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Blue_Eyes=Mickey occhi blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hand_That_Rocks_the_Cradle_(film)=La mano sulla culla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Boys_II=Bad Boys II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Kelly_(1970_film)=I fratelli Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dog_Skip_(film)=Il mio cane Skip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sheep_(1996_film)=La pecora nera (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blank_Check_(film)=Ho trovato un milione di dollari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Games=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_B._Demented=A morte Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blankman=Un eroe fatto in casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavyweights=Pesi massimi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombi_2=Zombi 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Summer=Il tempo del raccolto del grano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalingrad_(1993_film)=Stalingrad (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Beyond:_Return_of_the_Joker=Batman of the Future: Il ritorno del Joker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wide_Awake_(1998_film)=Ad occhi aperti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhouse_(1990_film)=Roba da matti (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cellular_(film)=Cellular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Heart_Huckabees=I Heart Huckabees - Le strane coincidenze della vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Lincoln_(1930_film)=Il cavaliere della libertà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Layer_Cake_(film)=The Pusher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_School=A scuola con papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idiots=Idioti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forgotten_(2004_film)=The Forgotten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_Land=Cop Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean's_Twelve=Ocean's Twelve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Tears_Go_By_(film)=As Tears Go By (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_(1931_English-language_film)=Dracula (film 1931 Browning)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_2:_Cruise_Control=Speed 2 - Senza limiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goddess_(1958_film)=La divina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Florette=Jean de Florette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manon_des_Sources_(1986_film)=Manon delle sorgenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_Must_Die=Romeo deve morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Boss=Il furore della Cina colpisce ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fist_of_Fury=Dalla Cina con furore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_of_the_Dragon=L'urlo di Chen terrorizza anche l'occidente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_of_Death=L'ultimo combattimento di Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Shots!=Hot Shots!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_(1979_film)=Dracula (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Luck_Tomorrow=Better Luck Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollerball_(1975_film)=Rollerball (film 1975)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollerball_(2002_film)=Rollerball (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_All_That=Kiss Me (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Machinist=L'uomo senza sonno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topsy-Turvy=Topsy-Turvy - Sotto-Sopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_(film)=Clean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullets_over_Broadway=Pallottole su Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Moon_(film)=Paper Moon - Luna di carta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primal_Fear_(film)=Schegge di paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latter_Days=Latter Days - Inguaribili romantici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Fall=Rosso d'autunno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_48_Hrs.=Ancora 48 ore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_People_(1942_film)=Il bacio della pantera (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_People_(1982_film)=Il bacio della pantera (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_to_the_Bottom_of_the_Sea=Viaggio in fondo al mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bells_Are_Ringing_(film)=Susanna agenzia squillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyman's_Feast=Jedermanns Fest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacombe,_Lucien=Cognome e nome: Lacombe Lucien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switching_Channels=Cambio marito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_II=Superman II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Spring_(1956_film)=Inizio di primavera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floating_Weeds=Erbe fluttuanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_III=Superman III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathtrap_(film)=Trappola mortale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsignor_(film)=Monsignore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Full_of_Grace=Maria Full of Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_10th_Kingdom=Il magico regno delle favole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Little_Animals=All the Little Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Sobibor=Fuga da Sobibor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_Fusion_Reborn=Dragon Ball Z - Il diabolico guerriero degli inferi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock_(film)=Woodstock - Tre giorni di pace, amore e musica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metroland_(film)=Metroland (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Sangre=Santa Sangre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_(film)=Amadeus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Night_Lights_(film)=Friday Night Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skulls_(film)=The Skulls - I teschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandits_(2001_film)=Bandits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infernal_Affairs_II=Infernal Affairs II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.S._(film)=P.S. Ti amo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_(2005_film)=The Island (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mishima:_A_Life_in_Four_Chapters=Mishima - Una vita in quattro capitoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_Dead_Zone=Dragon Ball Z - La vendetta divina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Nacht_und_Eis=In Nacht und Eis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toy_(1982_film)=Giocattolo a ore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Crypt_(film)=Racconti dalla tomba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_and_the_Warrior=La principessa + il guerriero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shall_We_Dance%3F_(2004_film)=Shall We Dance? (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Wild_(1986_film)=Qualcosa di travolgente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Work_(film)=Debito di sangue (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo_(film)=Scooby-Doo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Mr._Right=Cercasi l'uomo giusto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver's_Story_(film)=Oliver's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Marias=Il cuore criminale delle donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_Aquatic_with_Steve_Zissou=Le avventure acquatiche di Steve Zissou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airport_'77=Airport '77
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_G.I._Joe=I forzati della gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_a_Living=Charlot giornalista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X-Files_(film)=X-Files - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_of_a_Soldier=Ballata di un soldato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_Film_About_Love=Non desiderare la donna d'altri (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humorous_Phases_of_Funny_Faces=Humorous Phases of Funny Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roundhay_Garden_Scene=Roundhay Garden Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_Returns=Superman Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsara_(2001_film)=Samsara (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindhunters=Nella mente del serial killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orgasmo=Orgasmo (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Servant_(1963_film)=Il servo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Blue_Sea_(1999_film)=Blu profondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mark_of_Zorro_(1940_film)=Il segno di Zorro (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mark_of_Zorro_(1920_film)=Il segno di Zorro (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Draughtsman's_Contract=I misteri del giardino di Compton House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superbabies:_Baby_Geniuses_2=Un genio in pannolino 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrooge_(1970_film)=La più bella storia di Dickens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis_(1913_film)=Atlantis (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Ott's_Sneeze=Fred Ott's Sneeze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_with_Orson_Welles=Around the World with Orson Welles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis:_Milo's_Return=Atlantis - Il ritorno di Milo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guru_(2002_film)=Il guru (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_When_It_Sizzles=Insieme a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfie_(2004_film)=Alfie (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_(2001_film)=Go (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Confess_(film)=Io confesso (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_You_Need_Is_Cash=All You Need Is Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knock_on_Wood_(film)=Un pizzico di follia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grudge=The Grudge (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_0:_Birthday=Ring 0: The Birthday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otoko_wa_Tsurai_yo=Otoko wa tsurai yo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Pow!_Enter_the_Fist=Kung Pow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idiot's_Delight_(film)=Spregiudicati (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Command_(1928_film)=Crepuscolo di gloria (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gnome-Mobile=La gnomo mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muppets_Take_Manhattan=I Muppet alla conquista di Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_of_Souls=Carnival of Souls (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild=Uno zoo in fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Rwanda=Hotel Rwanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enduring_Love_(film)=L'amore fatale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer's_Kiss=Il bacio dell'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainstorm_(1983_film)=Brainstorm - Generazione elettronica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Antoinette_(1938_film)=Maria Antonietta (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinsey_(film)=Kinsey (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micki_&_Maude=Micki e Maude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Academy_2:_Their_First_Assignment=Scuola di polizia 2 - Prima missione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxo_Jr.=Luxo Junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Star_(1996_film)=Stella solitaria (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin,_King_of_Kung-Fu=Augustin, roi du kung-fu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contempt_(film)=Il disprezzo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October_Sky=Cielo d'ottobre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blood_of_Heroes=Giochi di morte (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuva=Yuva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celine_and_Julie_Go_Boating=Céline e Julie vanno in barca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._SpaceGodzilla=Gojira VS Space Gojira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedazzled_(2000_film)=Indiavolato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulletproof_(1996_film)=Bulletproof (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_Girl=Beat Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody_Knows_(2004_film)=Nessuno lo sa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider_Baby=Spider Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parenthood_(film)=Parenti, amici e tanti guai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Butterfly=Purple Butterfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_Out_Fall_In=Fall Out-Fall In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Musketeers_of_Pig_Alley=The Musketeers of Pig Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bean's_Holiday=Mr. Bean's Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Run=Prima di mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coca-Cola_Kid=Coca Cola Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fright_Night=Ammazzavampiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagdad_(film)=Bagdad (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_(1946_film)=Shock (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_2=Taxxi 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_3=Taxxi 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon's_Christmas_Vacation=National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation - Un Natale esplosivo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Majestyk=A muso duro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfaithful_(2002_film)=L'amore infedele - Unfaithful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Wilder=Maial College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Girl_Wants_(film)=Una ragazza e il suo sogno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightbreed=Cabal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye,_Mr._Chips_(1939_film)=Addio, Mr. Chips!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Not_Scared=Io non ho paura (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facing_Windows=La finestra di fronte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee_and_Cigarettes=Coffee and Cigarettes (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Creek=Mean Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Door_in_the_Floor=The Door in the Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sound_of_Thunder_(film)=Il risveglio del tuono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Destination_2=Final Destination 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mother_(film)=The Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paparazzi_(2004_film)=Scatto mortale - Paparazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_(2003_film)=Willard il paranoico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroads_(2002_film)=Crossroads - Le strade della vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tears_of_the_Sun=L'ultima alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_One_Less=Non uno di meno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Re-Animator=Re-Animator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_Days_(film)=Thirteen Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_of_Night=Incubi notturni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade:_Trinity=Blade: Trinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daredevil_(film)=Daredevil (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Messenger:_The_Story_of_Joan_of_Arc=Giovanna d'Arco (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elektra_(2005_film)=Elektra (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravaggio_(1986_film)=Caravaggio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_the_Girls_and_Make_Them_Die=Se tutte le donne del mondo... (Operazione Paradiso)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muppet_Christmas_Carol=Festa in casa Muppet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_End_(2003_film)=Dead End - Quella strada nel bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_80_Days_(1956_film)=Il giro del mondo in 80 giorni (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Divers=I demoni dell'aria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Realm_of_the_Senses=Ecco l'impero dei sensi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primer_(film)=Primer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Lagoon_(1980_film)=Laguna blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_Ghosts=I tredici spettri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Garden_(1993_film)=Il giardino segreto (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathwatch_(2002_film)=Deathwatch - La trincea del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_and_Prejudice=Matrimoni e pregiudizi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Cop_III=Beverly Hills Cop III - Un piedipiatti a Beverly Hills III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5x2=CinquePerDue - Frammenti di vita amorosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_(2004_film)=Alexander (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Stories_(film)=True Stories (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunger_(1983_film)=Miriam si sveglia a mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_(film)=O come Otello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Thunder=Tuono blu (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red-Headed_Woman=Red-Headed Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aviator_(2004_film)=The Aviator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonjour_Tristesse_(film)=Buongiorno tristezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry:_Portrait_of_a_Serial_Killer=Henry, pioggia di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_and_the_Three_Bears=Papà Natale e i due orsetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Berets_(film)=Berretti verdi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sideways=Sideways - In viaggio con Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Submission_(2004_film)=Submission (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Eagles_Dare=Dove osano le aquile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me,_Myself_&_Irene=Io, me & Irene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_the_Dunes=La donna di sabbia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Symphony_No._1=Industrial Symphony No. 1: The Dream of the Brokenhearted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calamity_Jane_(film)=Non sparare, baciami!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilsa,_She_Wolf_of_the_SS=Ilsa la belva delle SS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_(1998_film)=Il tocco del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Human_(1994_film)=Le cinque vite di Hector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet_of_the_Spirits=Giulietta degli spiriti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Beyond_the_Stars=I magnifici sette nello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antitrust_(film)=S.Y.N.A.P.S.E. - Pericolo in rete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_(1996_film)=Tierra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Station_Agent=Station Agent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Jones:_The_Edge_of_Reason_(film)=Che pasticcio, Bridget Jones!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_to_Smoochy=Eliminate Smoochy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Tension=Alta tensione (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Hill_(film)=Piccolo, grande Aaron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracy_(2001_film)=Conspiracy - Soluzione finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Up,_Doc%3F_(1972_film)=Ma papà ti manda sola?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rambo_III=Rambo III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackass:_The_Movie=Jackass: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reach_for_the_Sky=Bader il pilota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closer_(2004_film)=Closer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-9_(film)=Un poliziotto a 4 zampe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreaming_of_Julia=Dreaming of Julia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Trip_(film)=Road Trip (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identity_(film)=Identità (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkness_Falls_(2003_film)=Al calare delle tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_Snaps_2:_Unleashed=Licantropia Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Jawed_Angels=Angeli d'acciaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_King's_Men_(2006_film)=Tutti gli uomini del re (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Lord=Il principe guerriero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_Is_Alive=Il re è vivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Donkey-Boy=Julien Donkey-Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey's_Twice_Upon_a_Christmas=Topolino - Strepitoso Natale!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enemy_Below=Duello nell'Atlantico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Powerpuff_Girls_Movie=Le Superchicche - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stigmata_(film)=Stigmate (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Narayama_(1958_film)=La leggenda di Narayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimic_(film)=Mimic (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_to_Live=Questa è la mia vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye,_Mr._Chips_(1969_film)=Goodbye Mr. Chips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Dream=Czech Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sink_the_Bismarck!=Affondate la Bismarck!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voodoo_Academy=Voodoo Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dawn_Patrol_(1930_film)=La squadriglia dell'aurora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riding_the_Bullet_(film)=Riding the Bullet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_10_from_Navarone_(film)=Forza 10 da Navarone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaws_3-D=Lo squalo 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warriors_(film)=I guerrieri della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrooge_(1951_film)=Lo schiavo dell'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_(1992_film)=Eroe per caso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gummo=Gummo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sicko=Sicko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch_(2001_film)=Scratch (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Imagine=I prodigi del 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enforcer_(1976_film)=Cielo di piombo, ispettore Callaghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudden_Impact=Coraggio... fatti ammazzare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Pool=Scommessa con la morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Hunter_Black_Heart=Cacciatore bianco, cuore nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Knight=Il primo cavaliere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_a_Teenage_Werewolf=I Was a Teenage Werewolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_Glass_(film)=Cuore di vetro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_as_a_House=L'ultimo sogno (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_Is_Deceitful_Above_All_Things=Ingannevole è il cuore più di ogni cosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Ruth=La storia di Ruth, donna americana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_Brother=Undercover Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kagemusha=Kagemusha - L'ombra del guerriero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Never_Was=L'uomo che non è mai esistito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tailor_of_Panama_(film)=Il sarto di Panama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ladies_Man=L'idolo delle donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Lover=Amante di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodes'ka-den=Dodes'ka-den
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shining_(film)=Shining (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longest_Yard_(1974_film)=Quella sporca ultima meta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corvette_K-225=Corvetta K-225
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecstasy_(film)=Estasi (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fighting_Seabees=I conquistatori dei sette mari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Bounce_(2004_film)=Brivido biondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_2=Ring 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Shadows:_Blair_Witch_2=Il libro segreto delle streghe - Blair Witch 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Score=Perfect Score
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Live_by_Night=La donna del bandito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intermission_(film)=Intermission (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presumed_Innocent_(film)=Presunto innocente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaat=Zaat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagining_Argentina_(film)=Immagini - Imagining Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hide_and_Seek_(2005_film)=Nascosto nel buio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirty_Seconds_Over_Tokyo=Missione segreta (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Pacific=Lo squalo tonante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_(1998_film)=Godzilla (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilde_(film)=Wilde (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Ninja=Guerriero americano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Cowboy=Urban Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cockleshell_Heroes=Sopravvissuti: 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Man_Out=Fuggiasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Kill_Your_Neighbor's_Dog=How to Kill Your Neighbor's Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Order_(2001_film)=The Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_Little_(2005_film)=Chicken Little - Amici per le penne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_in_the_Pacific=Duello nel Pacifico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baywatch:_Hawaiian_Wedding=Baywatch - Matrimonio alle Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach_Red=Spiaggia rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Love_Song_for_Bobby_Long=Una canzone per Bobby Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Car_Wash_(film)=Car Wash (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder,_My_Sweet=L'ombra del passato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rules_of_Engagement_(film)=Regole d'onore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Max=La caduta delle aquile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aces_High_(film)=La battaglia delle aquile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Embrace=El abrazo partido - L'abbraccio perduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_and_Howard=Una volta ho incontrato un miliardario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Eyes_(1934_film)=La mascotte dell'aeroporto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Rat_(film)=Qualcuno da odiare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin-Roh:_The_Wolf_Brigade=Jin-Roh - Uomini e lupi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Policewomen_(film)=Polizia investigativa femminile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sallah_Shabati=Sallah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raise_Your_Voice=Nata per vincere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Wrecked=Summertime - Sole, cuore... amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_David_(film)=King David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic_(1953_film)=Titanic (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Bud=Air Bud - Campione a quattro zampe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chorus_(2004_film)=Les choristes - I ragazzi del coro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Darn_Cat_(1997_film)=Operazione Gatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Darn_Cat!=F.B.I. - Operazione gatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Opposite_of_Sex=The Opposite of Sex - L'esatto contrario del sesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castaway_(film)=Castaway, la ragazza Venerdì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Long_Engagement=Una lunga domenica di passioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stratton_Story=Il ritorno del campione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_at_Me_(film)=Così fan tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Spanky=General Spanky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Bus=Il fantabus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Rascals_(film)=Piccole canaglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_(film)=Constantine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winter_Guest=L'ospite d'inverno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Bee_(film)=Ape regina (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pootie_Tang=Pootie Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Take_(2004_film)=The Take (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Troopers=Super Troopers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geri's_Game=Il gioco di Geri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gumshoe_(film)=Sequestro pericoloso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeward_Bound:_The_Incredible_Journey=In fuga a quattro zampe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_at_Bernie's_II=Weekend con il morto 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toy_Story_3=Toy Story 3 - La grande fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billboard_Dad=Due gemelle per un papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_musique=Notre musique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Orpheus=Orfeo negro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cocoanuts=Le noci di cocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_Fields_(film)=Urla del silenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Human_Remains=La natura ambigua dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atanarjuat:_The_Fast_Runner=Atanarjuat il corridore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_2000=Dracula's Legacy - Il fascino del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Von_Ryan's_Express=Il colonnello Von Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Entertainment!=C'era una volta Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_(1994_film)=Junior (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_(1975_film)=Tommy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_(1982_film)=Vincent (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Surprise=Shanghai Surprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curdled_(film)=Curdled - Una commedia pulp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_6=Girl 6 - Sesso in linea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Best_Friend's_Birthday=My Best Friend's Birthday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Was_Then..._This_Is_Now=Due vite in una
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowhere_(film)=Ecstasy Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_to_Face_(1976_film)=L'immagine allo specchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Station_(film)=Central do Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_True_Thing=La voce dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veer-Zaara=Veer-Zaara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_Heaven=Lontano dal paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_Died_at_Dawn=L'oro della Cina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topper_(film)=La via dell'impossibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introduction_to_Destruction=Introduction to Destruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bless_the_Child=La mossa del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Beast_(1946_film)=La bella e la bestia (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_&_Teller_Get_Killed=Con la morte non si scherza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Retreat,_No_Surrender=Kickboxers - Vendetta personale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_City_(2004_film)=Silver City (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Murder_Mystery=Misterioso omicidio a Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemony_Snicket's_A_Series_of_Unfortunate_Events=Lemony Snicket - Una serie di sfortunati eventi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Business_(1931_film)=Monkey Business - Quattro folli in alto mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundin'=L'agnello rimbalzello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Love_of_the_Game_(film)=Gioco d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patch_Adams_(film)=Patch Adams (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_X_(1987_film)=Fuga dal futuro - Danger Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harvey_Girls=Le ragazze di Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_&_Spice=Le insolite sospette - Sugar & Spice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzumaki_(film)=Uzumaki (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twins_(1988_film)=I gemelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_in_Casablanca=Una notte a Casablanca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_110th_Street=Rubare alla mafia è un suicidio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_at_Bernie's=Weekend con il morto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Even_with_Dad=Papà ti aggiusto io!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gettysburg_(1993_film)=Gettysburg (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanya_on_42nd_Street=Vanya sulla 42esima strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumb_and_Dumberer:_When_Harry_Met_Lloyd=Scemo & più scemo - Iniziò così...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_(1964_film)=Empire (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_of_Fire=Hearts of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackmail_(1929_film)=Ricatto (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Sweetback's_Baadasssss_Song=Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Lieutenant=Il cattivo tenente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trail_of_the_Pink_Panther=Sulle orme della Pantera Rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_with_the_Kranks=Fuga dal Natale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matewan=Matewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Living_(1937_film)=Un colpo di fortuna (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time=Alla ricerca della Valle Incantata (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_for_the_Seesaw=La ragazza del quartiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_All_Right_Jack=Nudi alla meta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rolling_Stones_Rock_and_Roll_Circus=The Rolling Stones Rock and Roll Circus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_the_Sea_in_Ships_(1922_film)=Down to the Sea in Ships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enigma_(2001_film)=Enigma (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Brockovich_(film)=Erin Brockovich - Forte come la verità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu-Gi-Oh!_The_Movie:_Pyramid_of_Light=Yu-Gi-Oh! - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobruk_(1967_film)=Tobruk (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Minutes_of_Love=L'appuntamento di Charlot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creep_(2004_film)=Creep - Il chirurgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reap_the_Wild_Wind=Vento selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owning_Mahowny=La doppia vita di Mahowny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingle_All_the_Way=Una promessa è una promessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heimat_(film_series)=Heimat (serie di film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_&_Mr._Freeze:_SubZero=Batman & Mr. Freeze: SubZero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Shelley's_Frankenstein_(film)=Frankenstein di Mary Shelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Innocent_(film)=La ragazza del riformatorio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Part_6=Leonard salverà il mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Happy=Una notte sui tetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcano_High=Volcano High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray's_Anatomy_(film)=Gray's Anatomy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knife_in_the_Water=Il coltello nell'acqua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Klowns_from_Outer_Space=Killer Klowns from Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_Paradiso=Nuovo Cinema Paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_2_Jungle=Da giungla a giungla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_on_the_Verge_of_a_Nervous_Breakdown=Donne sull'orlo di una crisi di nervi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sneakers_(1992_film)=I signori della truffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla,_Mothra_and_King_Ghidorah:_Giant_Monsters_All-Out_Attack=Gojira Mosura King Gidora - Daikaijū sōkōgeki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_Against_Mechagodzilla=Gojira × Mekagojira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Hollywood=Jimmy Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telefon_(film)=Telefon (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Jones_and_the_Kingdom_of_the_Crystal_Skull=Indiana Jones e il regno del teschio di cristallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cursed_(2005_film)=Cursed - Il maleficio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Living_Dead_(1990_film)=La notte dei morti viventi (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thursday_(film)=Thursday - Giovedì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europa_(film)=Europa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenagers_from_Outer_Space=Teenagers from Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scared_Straight!=Scared Straight!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elementary_School=Scuola elementare (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onegin_(film)=Onegin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_(1940_film)=Rebecca - La prima moglie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casper_Meets_Wendy=Casper e Wendy - Una magica amicizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ref=C'eravamo tanto odiati (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Bali=La principessa di Bali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Kings_(1927_film)=Il re dei re (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ossessione=Ossessione (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_(1968_film)=Candy e il suo pazzo mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brassed_Off=Grazie, signora Thatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pagemaster=Pagemaster - L'avventura meravigliosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nest_(2002_film)=Nido di vespe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliens_of_the_Deep=Aliens of the Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesis=Tesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Machine_(film)=Mean Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Inside=Mare dentro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Others_(2001_film)=The Others (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aparajito=Aparajito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Auberge_Espagnole=L'appartamento spagnolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwaidan_(film)=Kwaidan (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Fighter_(1994_film)=Street Fighter - Sfida finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_81=New York Beat Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_of_the_Arctic_Circle=Gli amanti del circolo polare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheaters_(1945_film)=Il naufrago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Front=Il prestanome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_of_the_Opera_(1943_film)=Il fantasma dell'Opera (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lust_in_the_Dust=Lust in the Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyester_(film)=Polyester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_Christmas=Natale in affitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spy_in_Black=La spia in nero (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/49th_Parallel_(film)=Gli invasori - 49º parallelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_Our_Aircraft_Is_Missing=Volo senza ritorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Small_Back_Room=I ragazzi del retrobottega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_to_Earth_(film)=La volpe (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh..._Rosalinda!!=Oh... Rosalinda!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ill_Met_by_Moonlight_(film)=Colpo di mano a Creta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanglish_(film)=Spanglish - Quando in famiglia sono in troppi a parlare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Aur_Ek_Gyarah=Ek Aur Ek Gyarah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_in_Smoke=Up in Smoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patterns_(film)=I giganti uccidono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Hunter_D:_Bloodlust=Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Local_Stigmatic=The Local Stigmatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_of_the_Damned=La nave dei dannati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_Service_(1938_film)=Servizio in camera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Store=Il bazar delle follie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatomy_(film)=Anatomy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_and_the_Chocolate_Factory_(film)=La fabbrica di cioccolato (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_No_Evil_(2006_film)=Il collezionista di occhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marine=Presa mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_World_(2005_film)=The New World - Il nuovo mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Noon=Delitto in pieno sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exiled:_A_Law_&_Order_Movie=Omicidio a Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free,_White_and_21=Free, White and 21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredibly_True_Adventure_of_Two_Girls_in_Love=Due ragazze innamorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotti_(1996_film)=Gotti (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Angels_(film)=Gli angeli dell'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clerks_II=Clerks II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F/X=F/X - Effetto mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_for_Camelot=La spada magica - Alla ricerca di Camelot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Men_(film)=Il mio corpo ti appartiene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballistic:_Ecks_vs._Sever=Ballistic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Baby=Million Dollar Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Replacement_Killers=Costretti ad uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamscape_(1984_film)=Dreamscape - Fuga nell'incubo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mon_oncle_Antoine=Mon oncle Antoine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Summer_Story=Una lunga pazza estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanity_Fair_(2004_film)=La fiera della vanità (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_West_(film)=Tir-na-nog (È vietato portare cavalli in città)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla:_Tokyo_S.O.S.=Gojira × Mosura × Mekagojira - Tōkyō SOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa's_Slay=Santa's Slay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroads_(1986_film)=Mississippi Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Drake=Il segreto di Vera Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Carol_(1938_film)=A Christmas Carol (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiles_of_a_Summer_Night=Sorrisi di una notte d'estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M_(1951_film)=M (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Last_Sword_Is_Drawn=When the Last Sword is Drawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Sherlock_Holmes=Piramide di paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.H.U.D.=C.H.U.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uptown_Girls=Le ragazze dei quartieri alti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_II_(film)=Edoardo II (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_in_the_Sun_(film)=L'isola nel sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witchfinder_General_(film)=Il grande inquisitore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphere_(1998_film)=Sfera (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Beauty=Stage Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidekicks_(1992_film)=Pugno d'acciaio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repossessed_(film)=Riposseduta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don's_Plum=Don's Plum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Circuit_2=Corto circuito 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Odyssey_2002=Chinese Odyssey 2002
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Royale_II:_Requiem=Battle Royale II: Requiem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raw_Deal_(1986_film)=Codice Magnum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Father_the_Hero_(1991_film)=Mio padre, che eroe!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_(2000_film)=The Gift (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Gift=Che bel regalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrong_Is_Right=Obiettivo mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_The_Return_of_Cooler=Dragon Ball Z - L'invasione di Neo Namek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CB4=CB4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Girl_(film)=American Girl (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimson_Tide_(film)=Allarme rosso (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blow_Out=Blow Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_Zone:_The_Movie=Ai confini della realtà (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla:_Final_Wars=Gojira - Final Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shall_We_Dance%3F_(1996_film)=Vuoi ballare? - Shall We Dance?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimes_and_Misdemeanors=Crimini e misfatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_(2001_film)=Made - Due imbroglioni a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jackal_(1997_film)=The Jackal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battery_(2007_film)=The Battery (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gremlins_2:_The_New_Batch=Gremlins 2 - La nuova stirpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujhse_Dosti_Karoge!=Vogliamo essere amici?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloak_&_Dagger_(1984_film)=La finestra sul delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chori_Chori_Chupke_Chupke=Chori Chori Chupke Chupke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuch_Naa_Kaho=Un padre per mio figlio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Living=Nuovo punk story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiple_Maniacs=Multiple Maniacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Female_Trouble=Female Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cradle_of_Fear=Cradle of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1941_(film)=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bananas_(film)=Il dittatore dello stato libero di Bananas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondo_Trasho=Mondo Trasho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RoboCop_2=RoboCop 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Aphrodite=La dea dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thief_(film)=Strade violente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dirty_Shame=A Dirty Shame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Pluto_Nash=Pluto Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollow_Man=L'uomo senza ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakespeare_Wallah=Shakespeare Wallah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Dreams_(film)=Electric Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exodus_(1960_film)=Exodus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Impossible_to_Learn_to_Plow_by_Reading_Books=It's Impossible to Learn to Plow by Reading Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_of_Re-Animator=Re-Animator 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Re-Animator=Beyond Re-Animator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_City_(film)=Sin City (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pursued=Notte senza fine (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warlock_(1959_film)=Ultima notte a Warlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backlash_(1956_film)=La frustata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandingo_(film)=Mandingo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebirth_of_Mothra_III=Mosura 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebirth_of_Mothra=Mosura (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdy_(film)=Birdy - Le ali della libertà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunny_Lake_Is_Missing=Bunny Lake è scomparsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Days_(film)=Strange Days (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Squeeze_(1977_film)=Il racket dei sequestri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swades=Una luce dal passato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipper_(1996_film)=Flipper (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longest_Day_(film)=Il giorno più lungo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alamo_(2004_film)=Alamo - Gli ultimi eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alamo_(1960_film)=La battaglia di Alamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_46=Codice 46
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_(1961_film)=Fanny (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Hur_(1907_film)=Ben Hur (film 1907)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Hur_(2003_film)=Ben Hur (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben-Hur_(1959_film)=Ben-Hur (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Move=Non ti muovere (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faust_(1926_film)=Faust (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevada_Smith=Nevada Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flubber_(film)=Flubber - Un professore tra le nuvole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Heights=Liberty Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Plains_Drifter=Lo straniero senza nome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algiers_(film)=Un'americana nella Casbah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_III_(1955_film)=Riccardo III (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Savage_Innocents=Ombre bianche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Dorado_(1966_film)=El Dorado (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kremlin_Letter=Lettera al Kremlino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Ceremony=Cerimonia segreta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kid_(1921_film)=Il monello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney's_The_Kid=Faccia a faccia (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_Card_Stud=Poker di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppet_Master_(film)=Puppet Master - Il burattinaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadlier_Than_the_Male=Più micidiale del maschio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_(1932_film)=Ingratitudine (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Rebel_Breed=Asfalto selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_of_Arc_(1948_film)=Giovanna d'Arco (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Protector_(1985_film)=Protector (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Librarian:_Quest_for_the_Spear=The Librarian - Alla ricerca della lancia perduta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Departed=The Departed - Il bene e il male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Tontons_flingueurs=In famiglia si spara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cardinal=Il cardinale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Riddick:_Dark_Fury=The Chronicles of Riddick: Dark Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Guitar=Johnny Guitar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fearless_Vampire_Killers=Per favore, non mordermi sul collo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Testament_of_Dr._Mabuse=Il testamento del dottor Mabuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_the_City=Il principe della città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Kings_(1961_film)=Il re dei re (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory's_Girl=Gregory's Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaldo_and_Clara=Renaldo and Clara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMX_Bandits_(film)=La banda della BMX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Ship_(2002_film)=Nave fantasma (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pledge_(film)=La promessa (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changing_Lanes=Ipotesi di reato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Compass_(film)=La bussola d'oro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeboy_(film)=Homeboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_(1954_film)=Sabrina (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_(1995_film)=Sabrina (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Affair_of_the_Necklace=L'intrigo della collana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Field_(film)=Due sconosciuti, un destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igby_Goes_Down=Igby Goes Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsession_(1976_film)=Obsession - Complesso di colpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanishing_Point_(1971_film)=Punto zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind_and_the_Lion=Il vento e il leone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Future_(franchise)=Ritorno al futuro (trilogia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smallest_Show_on_Earth=La pazza eredità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Material_Girls=Material Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Pimpernel%22_Smith=La Primula Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fortune_Cookie=Non per soldi... ma per denaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barefoot_Contessa=La contessa scalza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Eager=Sorvegliato speciale (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentucky_(film)=Kentucky (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hurricane_(1937_film)=Uragano (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Were_King=Un vagabondo alla corte di Francia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Knew_What_They_Wanted_(film)=Non desiderare la donna d'altri (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_and_Miss_Jones=Il diavolo si converte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tortilla_Flat_(film)=Gente allegra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Dangerous_Ground=Neve rossa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8mm_(film)=8mm - Delitto a luci rosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Luck_of_the_Irish_(1948_film)=L'isola del desiderio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_the_Pink_Horse=Fiesta e sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_880=L'imprendibile signor 880
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Fill_the_Cup=Alcool (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Written_on_the_Wind=Come le foglie al vento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teacher's_Pet_(1958_film)=10 in amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_Karamazov_(1958_film)=Karamazov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Philadelphians=I segreti di Filadelfia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocketful_of_Miracles=Angeli con la pistola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Newman,_M.D.=Capitan Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_of_Honor=La notte del delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Man_(1964_film)=L'amaro sapore del potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_&_Carol_&_Ted_&_Alice=Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_and_Other_Strangers=Amanti ed altri estranei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderbolt_and_Lightfoot=Una calibro 20 per lo specialista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comes_a_Horseman=Arriva un cavaliere libero e selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greystoke:_The_Legend_of_Tarzan,_Lord_of_the_Apes=Greystoke - La leggenda di Tarzan, il signore delle scimmie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Creek_(film)=La foresta silenziosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagged_Edge_(film)=Doppio taglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_on_Empty_(1988_film)=Vivere in fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_to_the_Mob=Una vedova allegra... ma non troppo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dry_White_Season=Un'arida stagione bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucker:_The_Man_and_His_Dream=Tucker - Un uomo e il suo sogno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longtime_Companion=Che mi dici di Willy?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_of_Mississippi=L'agguato - Ghosts from the Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Saturday_Night=Mr. sabato sera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Civil_Action_(film)=A Civil Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fog_of_War=The Fog of War: La guerra secondo Robert McNamara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freejack=Freejack - In fuga nel futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juarez_(film)=Il conquistatore del Messico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_Illusions=Il signore delle illusioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stepfather_(1987_film)=Stepfather - Il patrigno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cul-de-sac_(1966_film)=Cul-de-sac (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Julia=La diva Julia - Being Julia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fox_and_the_Hound=Red e Toby nemiciamici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romantic_Englishwoman=Una romantica donna inglese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immortal_(2004_film)=Immortal Ad Vitam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_to_Brighton=London to Brighton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkness_(2002_film)=Darkness (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheetah_Girls_(film)=Una canzone per le Cheetah Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Dancing:_Havana_Nights=Dirty Dancing 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Family_(film)=My Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_High=Due sballati al college
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_of_the_Dragon=Kiss of the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Silverman=Assatanata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Crimes=High Crimes - Crimini di stato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Live_(1994_film)=Vivere! (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levity_(film)=Levity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Divide_(film)=Chiamami aquila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raid_(1954_film)=La spia dei ribelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outlaw=Il mio corpo ti scalderà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romper_Stomper=Skinheads (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billion_Dollar_Brain=Il cervello da un miliardo di dollari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_Cold_(2001_film)=Out Cold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry:_The_Movie=Tom & Jerry - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racing_Stripes=Striscia, una zebra alla riscossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coach_Carter=Coach Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinary_Decent_Criminal=Un perfetto criminale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(1995_film)=Georgia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Blue_Heaven_(1990_film)=Il testimone più pazzo del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/View_from_the_Top=Una hostess tra le nuvole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boat_Trip_(film)=Boat Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permanent_Midnight=Hard Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wendell_Baker_Story=The Wendell Baker Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_St_Trinian's_Train_Robbery=La rapina più scassata del secolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private's_Progress=Operazione fifa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_Happened_to_Harold_Smith%3F=Che fine ha fatto Harold Smith?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Jungle=Furia bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedomland_(film)=Il colore del crimine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeepers_Creepers_2=Jeepers Creepers 2 - Il canto del diavolo 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_Crashers=2 single a nozze - Wedding Crashers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Minus_Man=The Killer - Ritratto di un assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surf_Ninjas=Guerrieri del surf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Dog=Cane bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Were_a_Rich_Man_(film)=Ah! Se fossi ricco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Falcon_and_the_Snowman=Il gioco del falco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Creek_Manor=Oscure presenze a Cold Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Tuscan_Sun_(film)=Sotto il sole della Toscana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dude,_Where's_My_Car%3F=Fatti, strafatti e strafighe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Since_Otar_Left=Da quando Otar è partito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Moves=I ragazzi del Max's bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Vision_(2002_film)=Double Vision (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil_Chahta_Hai=Dil Chahta Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_Grimm_(film)=I fratelli Grimm e l'incantevole strega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loopy_De_Loop=Lupo de' Lupis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Girls=100 ragazze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_(film)=Basic (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Kelly_(2003_film)=Ned Kelly (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Town_(1940_film)=La nostra città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guy_Thing=Cose da maschi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Blue_(film)=Indagini sporche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clockstoppers=Clockstoppers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaft_in_Africa=Shaft e i mercanti di schiavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pushing_Tin=Falso tracciato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Lie=La grande menzogna (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_Largo_(film)=L'isola di corallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterflies_Are_Free=Le farfalle sono libere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planes,_Trains_and_Automobiles=Un biglietto in due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Story_(film)=Crime Story (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assault_on_Precinct_13_(2005_film)=Assault on Precinct 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra's_Project=Alexandra's Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assault_on_Precinct_13_(1976_film)=Distretto 13 - Le brigate della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_We_There_Yet%3F_(film)=Io, lei e i suoi bambini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_(2002_film)=Max (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groove_(film)=Groove (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osama_(film)=Osama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twins_Effect=Vampire Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_Ties=Scuola d'onore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keep_(film)=La fortezza (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cruel_Sea_(1953_film)=Mare crudele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_the_Mask=The Mask 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_to_Mars=Mission to Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akele_Hum_Akele_Tum=Akele Hum Akele Tum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Life_in_the_Universe=Last Life in the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rules_of_Attraction_(film)=Le regole dell'attrazione (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singles_Ward=The Singles Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Look_Now=A Venezia... un dicembre rosso shocking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever_Pitch_(1985_film)=Febbre di gioco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seafarers=The Seafarers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seducing_Doctor_Lewis=La grande seduzione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvie_Krumpet=Harvie Krumpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schultze_Gets_the_Blues=Schultze vuole suonare il blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Moves=Mosse pericolose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Friday=Next Friday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowfinger=Bowfinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samurai_Fiction=Samurai Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_The_Tree_of_Might=Dragon Ball Z - La grande battaglia per il destino del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Rublev_(film)=Andrej Rublëv (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Martin_Guerre=Il ritorno di Martin Guerre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_Spring=La fontana della vergine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Navigator:_A_Medieval_Odyssey=Navigator - Un'odissea nel tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_and_Fog=Ombre e nebbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Long_Last_Love=Finalmente arrivò l'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_All_Laughed=...e tutti risero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head-On_(film)=La sposa turca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_Dwarfs_Started_Small=Anche i nani hanno cominciato da piccoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamerica=Lamerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Albert_(film)=Il mio grasso grosso amico Albert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaho_Naa..._Pyaar_Hai=Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stroszek=La ballata di Stroszek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zozo=Zozo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_Duel=Il duello silenzioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_New_Pussycat%3F=Ciao Pussycat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Shots!_Part_Deux=Hot Shots! 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Mr._Limpet=L'ammiraglio è uno strano pesce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_and_the_Glory_(1933_film)=Potenza e gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Guerin_(film)=Veronica Guerin - Il prezzo del coraggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_America=Pubblicitario offresi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Is_Harry_Kellerman_and_Why_Is_He_Saying_Those_Terrible_Things_About_Me%3F=Chi è Harry Kellerman e perché parla male di me?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simpsons_Movie=I Simpson - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierrot_le_Fou=Il bandito delle 11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_Man=Cinderella Man - Una ragione per lottare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Close=So Close
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_Stage_(2000_film)=Il ritmo del successo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha,_Meet_Frank,_Daniel_and_Laurence=Martha da legare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Common_Thread=Le ricamatrici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Time=Vigilato speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Mohicans_(1992_film)=L'ultimo dei Mohicani (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Runnings=Cool Runnings - Quattro sottozero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kes_(film)=Kes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Good_Friday=Quel lungo venerdì santo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Performance_(film)=Sadismo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Beautiful_Laundrette=My Beautiful Laundrette - Lavanderia a gettone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Metal_Parking_Lot=Heavy Metal Parking Lot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deranged_(1974_film)=Deranged - Il folle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fires_Were_Started=Gli incendi cominciarono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Joe=My Name Is Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distant_Voices,_Still_Lives=Voci lontane... sempre presenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_Sweet_(film)=Dolce è la vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genevieve_(film)=La rivale di mia moglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corpse_Bride=La sposa cadavere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_It_Is_in_Heaven=As It Is in Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idiot_(1951_film)=L'idiota (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Committed_(2000_film)=Lui, lei e gli altri (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterday_(2004_film)=Yesterday (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckless_Kelly=Robin Hood Junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_McCoy_(film)=Una bionda tutta d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Blues=Oxford University (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewster_McCloud=Anche gli uccelli uccidono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megaforce=Megaforce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Double=Omicidio a luci rosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uprising_(2001_film)=La rivolta (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirteenth_Floor=Il tredicesimo piano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merlin's_Shop_of_Mystical_Wonders=La bottega di Mago Merlino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug's_1st_Movie=Doug - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Gardens=Grey Gardens (film 1975)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Absent-Minded_Professor=Un professore fra le nuvole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Art=High Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Meetings=Comizi d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Brief_History_of_Time_(film)=Dal big bang ai buchi neri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fog=Fog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Professionals_(1966_film)=I professionisti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Only_(film)=If Only (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mambo_Kings=I re del mambo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mon_Oncle=Mio zio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Frank_Remembered=Anne Frank Remembered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever_Pitch_(2005_film)=L'amore in gioco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grande_Bouffe=La grande abbuffata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Blank_(1967_film)=Senza un attimo di tregua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coup_de_Torchon=Colpo di spugna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry-Baby=Cry Baby (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Rio=Avventura in Brasile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Season=The Final Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Tail:_Fievel_Goes_West=Fievel conquista il West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Hoon_Na=Main Hoon Na
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Muppet_Caper=Giallo in casa Muppet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muppet_Treasure_Island=I Muppet nell'isola del tesoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muppets_from_Space=I Muppets venuti dallo spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Finest_Hour=Navy Seals: giovani eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goldwyn_Follies=Follie di Hollywood (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maine_Pyar_Kiya=Maine Pyar Kiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clan_of_the_Cave_Bear_(film)=Cro Magnon: odissea nella preistoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Sun_of_the_Desert=Il bianco sole del deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Osterman_Weekend_(film)=Osterman Weekend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fiendish_Plot_of_Dr._Fu_Manchu=Il diabolico complotto del dottor Fu Manchu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Castle=Il castello (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Deep_Throat=Inside Gola profonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serving_Sara=Tutta colpa di Sara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/52_Pick-Up=52 gioca o muori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogeyman_(film)=Boogeyman - L'uomo nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Date=The Wedding Date - L'amore ha il suo prezzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meatballs_(film)=Polpette (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLintock!=McLintock!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Spree=Crime Spree - In fuga da Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Apu=Il mondo di Apu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_Making_Sense=Stop Making Sense (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_and_Out_in_Beverly_Hills=Su e giù per Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_of_Fire=Strada infuocata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Passage_(film)=Passaggio a Nord-Ovest (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underworld:_Evolution=Underworld: Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serendipity_(film)=Quando l'amore è magia - Serendipity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Boy_Bubby=Bad Boy Bubby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtles_Can_Fly=Turtles Can Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Mary,_Crazy_Larry=Zozza Mary, pazzo Gary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Minds=Pensieri pericolosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_of_Jennie=Il ritratto di Jennie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_and_Fancy_Free=Bongo e i tre avventurieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dinner_with_Andre=La mia cena con André
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn_3=Saturno 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inchon_(film)=Inchon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gorgeous_Hussy=Troppo amata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Human_Hearts=Cuori umani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Three=La calunnia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrily_We_Live=Gioia di vivere (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freebie_and_the_Bean=Una strana coppia di sbirri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Proudly_We_Hail!=Sorelle in armi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Seed_(film)=La stirpe del drago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saratoga_Trunk=Saratoga (film 1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spiral_Staircase_(1946_film)=La scala a chiocciola (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Cry_(film)=Prima dell'uragano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunfight_at_the_O.K._Corral_(film)=Sfida all'O.K. Corral (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_and_Lisa=David e Lisa (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Train_(1964_film)=Il treno (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Melody_of_1940=Balla con me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Strangers_(2004_film)=Perfect Strangers - Tutti i numeri dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Strangers_(2003_film)=Perfect Strangers (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Strangers_(1950_film)=Intermezzo matrimoniale (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Rich_(film)=Richie Rich - Il più ricco del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balto_(film)=Balto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lolita_(1962_film)=Lolita (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killdozer!_(film)=Killdozer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asterix_Versus_Caesar=Asterix contro Cesare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F_for_Fake=F come falso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marrying_Kind=Vivere insieme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby's_Day_Out=Baby Birba - Un giorno in libertà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timecop=Timecop - Indagine dal futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Planet_(film)=Pianeta rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crucible_(1996_film)=La seduzione del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Many_Adventures_of_Winnie_the_Pooh=Le avventure di Winnie the Pooh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Company_of_Wolves=In compagnia dei lupi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lean_on_Me_(film)=Conta su di me (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Life_4:_Four_Play=Boys Life 4: Four Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southland_Tales=Southland Tales - Così finisce il mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Florida_Enchantment=A Florida Enchantment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pooh's_Heffalump_Movie=Winnie the Pooh e gli Efelanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Feet=Happy Feet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Baba_Goes_to_Town=Alì Babà va in città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_My_Brother_Laid=Porto mio fratello a fare sesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_the_Document=Eat the Document
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Scandals=Il museo degli scandali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_the_Gun=Le vie della violenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rent_(film)=Rent (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Cried=The Man Who Cried - L'uomo che pianse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_and_Soul_(1925_film)=Body and Soul (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_and_Soul_(1947_film)=Anima e corpo (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Over_It_(film)=Get Over It (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_for_a_Raggy_Boy=Angeli ribelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rugrats_Movie=Rugrats - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babes_in_Toyland_(1961_film)=Babes in Toyland (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_Songs=9 Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Serpent_and_the_Rainbow_(film)=Il serpente e l'arcobaleno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Cool=Be Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Shaft=Blind Shaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Mad_Black_Woman=Amori e sparatorie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Chips=Blue Chips - Basta vincere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fascist_Legacy=Fascist Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wash_(2001_film)=The Wash (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mostly_Martha_(film)=Ricette d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Wide_World=Il mondo intero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pacifier=Missione tata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Another_Teen_Movie=Non è un'altra stupida commedia americana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Life_of_the_Marionettes=Un mondo di marionette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Serpent's_Egg_(film)=L'uovo del serpente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antropophagus=Antropophagus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Conquered_the_World=Il conquistatore del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahara_(1983_film)=Sahara (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahara_(2005_film)=Sahara (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitch_(film)=Hitch - Lui sì che capisce le donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lianna=Lianna - Un amore diverso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Bagger_Vance=La leggenda di Bagger Vance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Day_Closes_(film)=Il lungo giorno finisce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Days_in_the_Valley=Due giorni senza respiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifeforce_(film)=Space Vampires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_United_States_of_Leland=Il delitto Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_the_First_(film)=L'isola dell'ingiustizia - Alcatraz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deterrence_(film)=Deterrence - Minaccia nucleare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamera_vs._Guiron=King Kong contro Godzilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Men_Who_Tread_on_the_Tiger's_Tail=Gli uomini che mettono il piede sulla coda della tigre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PCU_(film)=PCU (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Star_(2001_film)=Rock Star (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Having_a_Baby=Un amore rinnovato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grosse_Pointe_Blank=L'ultimo contratto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mortal_Storm=Bufera mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holocaust_(miniseries)=Olocausto (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Men_Out=Otto uomini fuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alatriste=Il destino di un guerriero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inferno_(1953_film)=Inferno (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pink_Panther_Strikes_Again=La Pantera Rosa sfida l'ispettore Clouseau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decline_of_the_American_Empire=Il declino dell'impero americano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxy_Brown_(film)=Foxy Brown (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yours,_Mine_and_Ours_(1968_film)=Appuntamento sotto il letto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Cruz_(film)=Vera Cruz (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkened_Room=Darkened Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbits_(film)=Rabbits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Gotta_Have_It=Lola Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_the_Devil_(film)=Il tesoro dell'Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_&_Earth_(1993_film)=Tra cielo e terra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Returner=Returner - Il futuro potrebbe essere storia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Du_Barry_(1934_film)=Madame du Barry (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbie:_Fully_Loaded=Herbie - Il super Maggiolino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slums_of_Beverly_Hills=L'altra faccia di Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cars_That_Ate_Paris=Le macchine che distrussero Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Map_of_the_Human_Heart=Avik e Albertine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_into_Brothels=Born Into Brothels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Payne=Il maggiore Payne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_U.S.A._(1985_film)=Invasion U.S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journey_of_Natty_Gann=Il viaggio di Natty Gann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Days_in_September=4 giorni a settembre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hustler_White=Hustler White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edukators=The Edukators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiorile=Fiorile (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torn_Curtain=Il sipario strappato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Condition_(film_series)=La condizione umana (serie di film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samurai_Trilogy=Trilogia del Samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Another_Missing_Kid=Just Another Missing Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kull_the_Conqueror=Kull il conquistatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Blood=Dark Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sassy_Girl=Yeopgijeog-in geunyeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Young_(1992_film)=Amore per sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Rock_City_(film)=Detroit Rock City (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chipmunk_Adventure=Le avventure dei Chipmunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manhattan_Project_(film)=Gioco mortale (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Corner=Il grattacielo tragico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shanghai_Gesture=I misteri di Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Heat=Il grande caldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Combo=La polizia bussa alla porta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Money_Pit=Casa, dolce casa?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saraband=Sarabanda (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swept_Away_(2002_film)=Travolti dal destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Showers=L'ombrello di Charlot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Busy_Day=Charlot cerca marito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Page_of_Madness=Una pagina di follia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Care_Bears_Movie_II:_A_New_Generation=Gli orsetti del cuore 2 - La nuova generazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_the_Last_Dance=Save the Last Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Set-Up_(1949_film)=Stasera ho vinto anch'io
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hills_Have_Eyes_(1977_film)=Le colline hanno gli occhi (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._&_Mrs._Smith_(1941_film)=Il signore e la signora Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judex_(1916_film)=Judex (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eragon_(film)=Eragon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Narrow_Margin=Le jene di Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangal_Pandey:_The_Rising=The Rising (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Balloon=Il palloncino rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jacket=The Jacket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Plot=Complotto di famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tale_of_the_Mummy=Talos - L'ombra del faraone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Gonna_Git_You_Sucka=Scappa, scappa... poi ti prendo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cube_Zero=Cube Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saboteur_(film)=Sabotatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harder_They_Come=Più duro è, più forte cade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Remains_of_the_Day_(film)=Quel che resta del giorno (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stir_of_Echoes=Echi mortali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dangerous_Lives_of_Altar_Boys=The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.R.:_Mysteries_of_the_Organism=W.R. - Misterije organizma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_from_the_Boulevard_des_Capucines=Čelovek s bul'vara Kapucinov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Among_the_Ruins_(film)=Amore tra le rovine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beta_(film)=Beta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staying_Alive_(1983_film)=Staying Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph:_King_of_Dreams=Giuseppe - Il re dei sogni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deewana_(1992_film)=Deewana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reptilicus=Reptilicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Musketeer=D'Artagnan (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrong_Man=Il ladro (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_of_the_Beehive=Lo spirito dell'alveare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Studios=Edison Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassination_of_Richard_Nixon=The Assassination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CQ_(film)=CQ (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Capricorn=Il peccato di Lady Considine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Christmas_(1974_film)=Black Christmas (Un Natale rosso sangue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltzes_from_Vienna=Vienna di Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Fighter_II:_The_Animated_Movie=Street Fighter II: The Animated Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Toon_Adventures:_How_I_Spent_My_Vacation=Tiny Toon Adventures: Viva le vacanze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Frankie=Dear Frankie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenin_in_Paris=Lenin v Pariže
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biggie_&_Tupac=Biggie & Tupac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_in_Paris_(film)=Un americano a Parigi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Ideal_Husband_(1999_film)=Un marito ideale (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Angel=L'angelo azzurro (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_Bad_Things=Cose molto cattive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kundun=Kundun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_of_the_Paradise=Il fantasma del palcoscenico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Change_(film)=Gli anni in tasca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonelyhearts=Non desiderare la donna d'altri (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelor_Party=La notte dello scapolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Kelly's_Blues_(film)=Tempo di furore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Lance=La lancia che uccide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_and_the_Mighty_(film)=Prigionieri del cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Suite=La sete del potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mating_Season_(film)=La madre dello sposo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roman_Spring_of_Mrs._Stone=La primavera romana della signora Stone (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Daisy_Clover=Lo strano mondo di Daisy Clover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_a_Big_Boy_Now=Buttati Bernardo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Summer=I brevi giorni selvaggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_Bear=Barney Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_Out_West_(1937_film)=I fanciulli del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motown_25:_Yesterday,_Today,_Forever=Motown 25: Yesterday, Today, Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbo:_A_Power_Rangers_Movie=Turbo Power Rangers - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_Seed=Generazione Proteus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Never_Land=Ritorno all'Isola che non c'è
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Million_Dollar_Hotel=The Million Dollar Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreak_Ridge=Gunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encino_Man=Il mio amico scongelato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Brother=Corrispondenza d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intolerable_Cruelty=Prima ti sposo poi ti rovino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rooster_Cogburn_(film)=Torna "El Grinta"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye,_Dragon_Inn=Goodbye, Dragon Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Princess=Ice Princess - Un sogno sul ghiaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bewitched_(2005_film)=Vita da strega (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Good_Company_(2004_film)=In Good Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Upside_of_Anger=Litigi d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_(1985_film)=Revolution (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Mine_Music=Musica maestro (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Jack_and_Rose=La storia di Jack & Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Bullet_(film)=Unico indizio la luna piena (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondovino=Mondovino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_(film)=Un amore sotto l'albero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Child_(2003_film)=Moon Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prefontaine_(film)=Prefontaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu_Hustle=Kung Fusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Gun_for_Hire=Il fuorilegge (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Sun_(film)=Disperato aprile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_or_Three_Things_I_Know_About_Her=Due o tre cose che so di lei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prospero's_Books=L'ultima tempesta (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afghan_Breakdown=Afghan breakdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_on_Water_(film)=Camminando sull'acqua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zanjeer_(1973_film)=Zanjeer (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agatha_(film)=Il segreto di Agatha Christie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Zombie_(film)=L'isola degli zombies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_(1994_film)=Fresh (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ring_(1927_film)=Vinci per me!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Scanner_Darkly_(film)=A Scanner Darkly - Un oscuro scrutare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_in_Acapulco=L'idolo di Acapulco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Northside_777=Chiamate Nord 777
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_in_the_Streets_(film)=Bandiera gialla (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encrypt_(film)=Encrypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween:_Resurrection=Halloween - La resurrezione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_27th_Day=I 27 giorni del pianeta Sigma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hairspray_(1988_film)=Grasso è bello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criss_Cross_(film)=Doppio gioco (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hating_Alison_Ashley_(film)=Hating Alison Ashley (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_Time=Lo scrigno delle sette perle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Ichabod_and_Mr._Toad=Le avventure di Ichabod e Mr. Toad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freaked=Freaked - Sgorbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rookie_(2002_film)=Un sogno, una vittoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Much_Ado_About_Nothing_(1993_film)=Molto rumore per nulla (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_mon_amour=Hiroshima mon amour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Find_Me_Guilty=Prova a incastrarmi - Find Me Guilty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electra_Glide_in_Blue=Electra Glide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_and_Present_Danger_(film)=Sotto il segno del pericolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Water_(2002_film)=Dark Water (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cromwell_(film)=Cromwell (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Way_Out_(1950_film)=Uomo bianco, tu vivrai!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushwhacked_(film)=Un furfante tra i boyscout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downhill_(1927_film)=Il declino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_Talks=Money Talks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Up,_Tiger_Lily%3F=Che fai, rubi?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Joe_Young_(1949_film)=Il re dell'Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_the_Cat_People=Il giardino delle streghe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_Pacific_(film)=L'assalto al Kansas Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scared_Stiff_(1953_film)=Morti di paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cypher_(film)=Cypher (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_Seventeen=Numero diciassette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_and_Strange=Ricco e strano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder!=Omicidio!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Dragon=L'ultimo drago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_Fingers=Operazione Cicero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Holds_Barred_(1989_film)=Senza esclusione di colpi (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brokeback_Mountain=I segreti di Brokeback Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bug_Goes_to_Town=Hoppity va in città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elusive_Avengers=Neulovimye mstiteli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dersu_Uzala_(1975_film)=Dersu Uzala - Il piccolo uomo delle grandi pianure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_of_Pomegranates=Il colore del melograno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightwatch_(1997_film)=Nightwatch - Il guardiano di notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Dragon_(film)=L'anno del dragone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Hindustani=Raja Hindustani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Murphy_Raw=Nudo e crudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Steal_a_Million=Come rubare un milione di dollari e vivere felici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderbolt_(1995_film)=Thunderbolt - Sfida mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children's_Island_(film)=Barnens ö
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner_of_Second_Avenue=Prigioniero della seconda strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karan_Arjun=Karan Arjun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Zed_&_Two_Noughts=Lo zoo di Venere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_2000=Gojira 2000 - Millennium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Target=Senza tregua (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2009:_Lost_Memories=2009 - Memorie perdute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saathiya_(film)=Saathiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_(1946_film)=Lo straniero (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Vampires=I vampiri (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Purple_Rose_of_Cairo=La rosa purpurea del Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante's_Inferno_(1935_film)=La nave di Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cuckoo_(film)=Kukushka - Disertare non è reato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Jakes=Il grande inganno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_and_Cleopatra_(film)=Cesare e Cleopatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedgehog_in_the_Fog=Il riccio nella nebbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Near_Dark=Il buio si avvicina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fandango_(1985_film)=Fandango (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Used_Cars=La fantastica sfida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_on_Fire_(1987_film)=City on Fire (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Home_Among_Strangers=Amico tra i nemici, nemico tra gli amici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saw_II=Saw II - La soluzione dell'enigma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Poisoner's_Handbook=Il manuale del giovane avvelenatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_the_Line=Quando l'amore brucia l'anima - Walk the Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Snakes=Baby Snakes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valiant_(film)=Valiant - Piccioni da combattimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Interpreter=The Interpreter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Drain=From the Drain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_in_the_Water=Lady in the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Got_Game=He Got Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_Is_a_Woman=La donna è donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Sleep_(1946_film)=Il grande sonno (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Sleep_(1978_film)=Marlowe indaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_of_the_Navigator=Navigator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sugarland_Express=Sugarland Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._Megaguirus=Gojira × Megaguirus - G shōmetsu sakusen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_Mermaid=La mia droga si chiama Julie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_the_Piano_Player=Tirate sul pianista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Virtue_(1928_film)=Virtù facile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bible:_In_the_Beginning...=La Bibbia (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Party_(1975_film)=Party selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siberiade=Siberiade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_in_Atlantis_(film)=Cuori in Atlantide (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangster_No._1=Gangster nº 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sliding_Doors=Sliding Doors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Generation=Generazione (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil_To_Pagal_Hai=Dil To Pagal Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apple_Dumpling_Gang_(film)=La banda delle frittelle di mele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_in_Common=Niente in comune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Snow=Oechul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guess_Who_(film)=Indovina chi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Clockwork_Orange_(film)=Arancia meccanica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Dumbo_Drop=Quando gli elefanti volavano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabethtown_(film)=Elizabethtown (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Hour!=Ora zero (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Dark,_My_Sweet=Più tardi al buio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odds_Against_Tomorrow=Strategia di una rapina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_of_Their_Lives_(2005_film)=In campo per la vittoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_My_Luck_(2006_film)=Baciati dalla sfortuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Train_(1959_film)=Il treno della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_Copy_(film)=Il pollo si mangia con le mani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Men_Can't_Jump=Chi non salta bianco è
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Dear_to_My_Heart=Tanto caro al mio cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Joan_of_the_Angels=Madre Giovanna degli Angeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Moves_(1975_film)=Bersaglio di notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Budd_(film)=Billy Budd (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kiss_Before_Dying_(1991_film)=Un bacio prima di morire (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embrace_of_the_Vampire=Embrace of the Vampire (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Romance=Una piccola storia d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuo:_The_Iron_Man=Tetsuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Passage_(film)=La fuga (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Million_Ways_to_Die=8 milioni di modi per morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swimming_with_Sharks=Il prezzo di Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Leaves_(film)=Foglie d'autunno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_Tuned_(film)=Frequenze pericolose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(1999_film)=Life (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brother_from_Another_Planet=Fratello di un altro pianeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilda=Gilda (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood,_Guts,_Bullets_and_Octane=Sangue, proiettili e ottani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Apart=Il risolutore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Game_(1995_film)=Facile preda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Raisin_in_the_Sun_(1961_film)=Un grappolo di sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Corners_(film)=Dentro la grande mela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_of_Cookery=God of Cookery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_of_the_Giant_Leeches=L'attacco delle sanguisughe giganti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insignificance_(film)=La signora in bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cutting_Edge=Vincere insieme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help!_I'm_a_Fish=Aiuto! Sono un pesce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Tum=Io & tu - Confusione d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deadly_Mantis=La mantide omicida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Academy_5:_Assignment_Miami_Beach=Scuola di polizia 5 - Destinazione Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlem_Nights=Harlem Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_on_the_Bridge=La ragazza sul ponte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Way_to_Go!=La signora e i suoi mariti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/102_Dalmatians=La carica dei 102 - Un nuovo colpo di coda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Stone=La neve nel cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Buddha=Piccolo Buddha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahogany_(film)=Mahogany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_Socialisme=Film socialisme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mudge_Boy=The Mudge Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginary_Heroes=Imaginary Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Dog=Alpha Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_Man_(film)=Detective G
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lords_of_Dogtown=Lords of Dogtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_of_Honor=Men of Honor - L'onore degli uomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premonition_(2004_film)=Premonition (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Takitani=Tony Takitani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twilight_Samurai=The Twilight Samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Street_Fighter=Gekitotsu! Satsujin ken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Au_revoir_les_enfants=Arrivederci ragazzi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leprechaun_(film)=Leprechaun (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Mischief_(film)=Misfatto bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_&_Quentin=Sta' zitto... non rompere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Legends:_Final_Cut=Urban Legend - Final Cut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They're_a_Weird_Mob_(film)=Sono strana gente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Who_Turned_Yellow=Il ragazzo che diventò giallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Presence_of_a_Clown=Vanità e affanni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sade_(film)=Sade (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_the_Caribbean:_At_World's_End=Pirati dei Caraibi - Ai confini del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_of_the_World=Ai confini del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_Consent_(film)=L'età del consenso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeepers_Creepers_(2001_film)=Jeepers Creepers - Il canto del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Women_Have_Curves=Le donne vere hanno le curve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisis_(1946_film)=Crisi (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Howling_(film)=L'ululato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooley_High=Cooley High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varsity_Blues_(film)=Varsity Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_(1971_film)=Willard e i topi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_the_Rich_(film)=Mangia il ricco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Obsession=La scimmia è impazzita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_and_the_Moment=La notte e il momento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Carter_(2000_film)=La vendetta di Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_(film)=Kansas City (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evening_Star=Conflitti del cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hairdresser's_Husband=Il marito della parrucchiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Heights_(film)=Uno sconosciuto alla porta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertical_Limit=Vertical Limit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack-Jack_Attack=L'attacco di Jack-Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ender's_Game_(film)=Ender's Game (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosetta_(film)=Rosetta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Bounds_(1986_film)=La morte alle calcagna (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duplex_(film)=Duplex - Un appartamento per tre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_(1933_film)=Segreti (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One-Armed_Swordsman=Mantieni l'odio per la tua vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_of_a_Kind_(1983_film)=Due come noi (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotna=Lotna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babes_on_Broadway=I ragazzi di Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sgt._Pepper's_Lonely_Hearts_Club_Band_(film)=Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mirror_Crack'd=Assassinio allo specchio (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_vie_en_rose=La mia vita in rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ship_Bound_for_India=La terra del desiderio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Trouble_(2002_film)=Big Trouble - Una valigia piena di guai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kissing_Jessica_Stein=Kissing Jessica Stein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stendhal_Syndrome=La sindrome di Stendhal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blastfighter=Blastfighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lantana_(film)=Lantana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WUSA_(film)=Un uomo oggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Link_(film)=Link (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_(1993_film)=Naked - Nudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naruto_the_Movie:_Legend_of_the_Stone_of_Gelel=Naruto - Il film: La leggenda della pietra di Gelel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baabul_(2006_film)=Baabul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Alcatraz_(film)=Fuga da Alcatraz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Kill_(1947_film)=Perfido inganno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loving_You_(1957_film)=Amami teneramente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life-Size=La mia amica speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein_(1910_film)=Frankenstein (film 1910)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I._Blues=Cafè Europa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Town=Twin Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_in_the_Country=Paese selvaggio (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Hunter=Cacciatore di alieni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Evangelion=Neon Genesis Evangelion: The End of Evangelion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incident_at_Loch_Ness=Incident at Loch Ness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Heat_of_the_Night_(film)=La calda notte dell'ispettore Tibbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_Women_on_the_Moon=Donne amazzoni sulla Luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Want_(film)=Tutto quello che voglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Squid_and_the_Whale=Il calamaro e la balena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Woman_on_Earth=L'ultima donna sulla Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Pink_Panther=La Pantera Rosa colpisce ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_of_the_Damned_(1960_film)=Il villaggio dei dannati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_of_the_Damned_(1995_film)=Villaggio dei dannati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roma_(1972_film)=Roma (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nights_of_Cabiria=Le notti di Cabiria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_from_Witch_Mountain=Ritorno dall'ignoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Cowboys=Space Cowboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barfly_(film)=Barfly - Moscone da bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_&_Hooch=Turner e il casinaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_(film)=Ed - Un campione per amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin's_Face=Il volto di Karin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Rehearsal=Dopo la prova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour_of_the_Wolf=L'ora del lupo (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_Violence=A History of Violence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_Shop=Beauty Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowhere_in_Africa=Nowhere in Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Dalmatians_II:_Patch's_London_Adventure=La carica dei 101 II - Macchia, un eroe a Londra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakdown_(1997_film)=Breakdown - La trappola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smokey_and_the_Bandit_Part_3=Smokey and the Bandit part 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vamp_(film)=Vamp (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Make_an_American_Quilt=Gli anni dei ricordi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Watch_(2004_film)=I guardiani della notte (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gauntlet_(film)=L'uomo nel mirino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deuce_Bigalow:_Male_Gigolo=Gigolò per sbaglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Six_Convicts=I miei sei forzati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Days_(2005_film)=Last Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cindy_(film)=Cindy (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.E.B.S._(2004_film)=D.E.B.S. - Spie in minigonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigi_(1958_film)=Gigi (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envy_(2004_film)=L'invidia del mio migliore amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krakatoa,_East_of_Java=Krakatoa, est di Giava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Master=Il ventaglio bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic_(1996_miniseries)=Titanic (miniserie televisiva 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayrig=Mayrig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Knight_(film)=Black Knight (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_League_of_Gentlemen's_Apocalypse=The League of Gentlemen's Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Congeniality_2:_Armed_and_Fabulous=Miss F.B.I. - Infiltrata speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret's_Museum=Il museo di Margaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._&_Mrs._Smith_(2005_film)=Mr. & Mrs. Smith (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XXX:_State_of_the_Union=XXx 2: The Next Level
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lot_like_Love=Sballati d'amore - A Lot Like Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kicking_&_Screaming_(2005_film)=Derby in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kicking_and_Screaming_(1995_film)=Scalciando e urlando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Beautiful=Lo spirito più elevato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_Richard=Riccardo III - Un uomo, un re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_That_Dream=Lo sceriffo scalzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Kashmir=Mission Kashmir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanshiro_Sugata_Part_II=Sanshiro Sugata 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_I_Won_the_War=Come ho vinto la guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recess:_School's_Out=Ricreazione - La scuola è finita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rookie_(1990_film)=La recluta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killers_(1964_film)=Contratto per uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_(1999_film)=Tarzan (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_(2004_film)=Crash - Contatto fisico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakko's_Wish=Wakko's Wish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festen=Festen - Festa in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minotaur_(film)=Minotaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_to_Moscow=Mission to Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_Galahad=Pugno proibito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Juniper_Tree_(film)=The Juniper Tree (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toast_of_New_Orleans=Il pescatore della Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_(film)=George Washington (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joint_Security_Area_(film)=Gongdonggyeongbigu-yeok JSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Free_or_Die_Hard=Die Hard - Vivere o morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls!_Girls!_Girls!=Cento ragazze e un marinaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Yeller_(film)=Zanna Gialla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maid_in_Manhattan=Un amore a 5 stelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cure_(1995_film)=Amici per sempre (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_Lady_(film)=La donna fantasma (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happened_at_the_World's_Fair=Bionde, rosse, brune...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serenade_(1956_film)=Serenata (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kissin'_Cousins=Il monte di Venere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Touch_(1971_film)=L'adultera (film 1971)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passion_of_Anna=Passione (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red's_Dream=Il sogno di Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rite_(1969_film)=Il rito (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_First_Time_(1959_film)=Come prima (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Squaw_Man_(1914_film)=The Squaw Man (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airplane_II:_The_Sequel=L'aereo più pazzo del mondo... sempre più pazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guadalcanal_Diary_(film)=Guadalcanal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaadein_(2001_film)=Yaadein (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolat_(2000_film)=Chocolat (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Happy=Pazzo per le donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convoy_(1978_film)=Convoy - Trincea d'asfalto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Dil_De_Chuke_Sanam=Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_(2000_film)=Josh (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_the_Blue_Lagoon=Ritorno alla laguna blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstar_(1999_film)=Superstar (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tickle_Me=Per un pugno di donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_in_Rome_(2002_film)=Due gemelle a Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_(1949_film)=Il grande campione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixote=Pixote - La legge del più debole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_The_World's_Strongest=Dragon Ball Z - Il più forte del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_Super_Android_13!=Dragon Ball Z - I tre Super Saiyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_Bojack_Unbound=Dragon Ball Z - La minaccia del demone malvagio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_Force_Z=Z-Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Witches=Little Witches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harum_Scarum=Harum Scarum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_in_the_House=Quattro in medicina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Dernier_Combat=Le Dernier Combat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_and_Johnny_(1991_film)=Paura d'amare (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_and_Johnny_(1966_film)=Frankie e Johnny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise,_Hawaiian_Style=Paradiso hawaiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haven_(film)=Haven (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Life_of_Sherlock_Holmes=Vita privata di Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Hain_Rahi_Pyar_Ke=Hum Hain Rahi Pyar Ke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brain_That_Wouldn't_Die=Il cervello che non voleva morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charulata=La moglie sola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killers_(1946_film)=I gangsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Trouble_(1967_film)=Fermi tutti, cominciamo daccapo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Jones's_Diary_(film)=Il diario di Bridget Jones (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_White_(1999_TV_film)=Indiziata di omicidio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tomb_of_Ligeia=La tomba di Ligeia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_Away,_Joe=Stay Away, Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boom_Town_(film)=La febbre del petrolio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biker_Boyz=Biker Boyz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Millionairess=La miliardaria (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedway_(1968_film)=A tutto gas (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_a_Little,_Love_a_Little=Live a Little, Love a Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintorera=Tintorera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charro!=Un uomo chiamato Charro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trouble_with_Girls_(film)=Guai con le ragazze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carla's_Song=La canzone di Carla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_&_Gromit:_The_Curse_of_the_Were-Rabbit=Wallace & Gromit - La maledizione del coniglio mannaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_Frankenstein=La maschera di Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Ransom_(film)=King's Ransom (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_(film)=Smoke (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupac:_Resurrection=Tupac: Resurrection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novocaine_(film)=Novocaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_(1996_film)=Fire (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey's_Once_Upon_a_Christmas=Topolino e la magia del Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_36th_Chamber_of_Shaolin=36ª camera dello Shaolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pay_Day_(1922_film)=Giorno di paga (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Youth=La meglio gioventù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amityville_Horror_(2005_film)=Amityville Horror (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_of_'42=Quell'estate del '42
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taal_(film)=Taal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaante=Kaante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Birds=Apache - Pioggia di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil_Se..=Dil Se
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netaji_Subhas_Chandra_Bose:_The_Forgotten_Hero=Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose: The Forgotten Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belphegor,_Phantom_of_the_Louvre=Belfagor - Il fantasma del Louvre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Solid_Gold_Cadillac=Una Cadillac tutta d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coma_(1978_film)=Coma profondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Reine_Margot_(1994_film)=La regina Margot (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_of_Graustark=Il principe azzurro (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronic_Labyrinth:_THX_1138_4EB=Electronic Labyrinth: THX 1138 4EB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pecker_(film)=Pecker (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steaming_(film)=Steaming - Al bagno turco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrano_de_Bergerac_(1990_film)=Cyrano de Bergerac (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Mom=Mister mamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bell_for_Adano=Una campana per Adano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magdalene_Sisters=Magdalene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_American_Graffiti=American Graffiti 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_to_Victory=Fuga per la vittoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantasm_(film)=Fantasmi (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hanging_Tree=L'albero degli impiccati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Sucking_Freaks=Blood Sucking Freaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_Confidential=Il quarto uomo (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glenn_Miller_Story=La storia di Glenn Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Boys_Are=La spiaggia del desiderio (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coneheads_(film)=Teste di cono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bill_of_Divorcement_(1932_film)=Febbre di vivere (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Them_Willie_Boy_Is_Here=Ucciderò Willie Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_from_Outer_Space=Il gatto venuto dallo spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chopin:_Desire_for_Love=Chopin: desiderio d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stir_Crazy_(film)=Nessuno ci può fermare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sorghum_(film)=Sorgo rosso (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cook,_the_Thief,_His_Wife_&_Her_Lover=Il cuoco, il ladro, sua moglie e l'amante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadfall_(1993_film)=L'ultimo inganno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barabbas_(1961_film)=Barabba (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fugitive_(1993_film)=Il fuggitivo (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi,_Mom!=Hi, Mom!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woo_(film)=Appuntamento a Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardom=Stardom (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Promised_Land_(1975_film)=La terra della grande promessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stealing_Beauty=Io ballo da sola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorrell_and_Son=Sorrell and Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Women_on_the_Roof=Le donne sul tetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedy_(film)=A rotta di collo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_D=House of D - Il mio amico speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_Revelations=Star Wars: Revelations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_1900=La leggenda del pianista sull'oceano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Rich's_Christmas_Wish=Richie Rich e il desiderio di Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_War_(film)=L'arte della guerra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Nights_(1985_film)=Il sole a mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_Under_the_Stairs=La casa nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_with_Five_Fingers=Il mistero delle 5 dita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_and_Minds_(film)=Hearts and Minds (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhoom=Dhoom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamakasi_(film)=Yamakasi - I nuovi samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plague_of_the_Zombies=La lunga notte dell'orrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Zorro=The Legend of Zorro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Water_Summer=Una gita pericolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_300_Spartans=L'eroe di Sparta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underworld_(1927_film)=Le notti di Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unfaithful_Wife=Stéphane, una moglie infedele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deluge_(film)=Diluvio (film 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Fire_and_Sword_(film)=Ogniem i mieczem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Desert_(film)=Deserto rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quick_Change=Scappiamo col malloppo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Mistons=L'età difficile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonewall_(1995_film)=Stonewall (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something's_Got_to_Give=Something's Got to Give
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidocq_(2001_film)=Vidocq - La maschera senza volto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Tumhare_Hain_Sanam=Hum Tumhare Hain Sanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_a_Glass_Darkly_(film)=Come in uno specchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Gardenia=Gardenia blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkman=Darkman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Oleander_(film)=White Oleander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Sun_(film)=Sol levante (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Care_Bears:_Journey_to_Joke-a-lot=Gli orsetti del cuore - Una giornata a Giocattolandia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_Party_(1984_film)=Bachelor Party - Addio al celibato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spun=Spun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Topo=El Topo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Zero=Wild Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Dolphin=Il giorno del delfino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Make_Waves=Piano, piano non t'agitare!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_the_Devil=Cerimonia per un delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sometimes_in_April=Accadde in aprile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuban_Rebel_Girls=Cuban Rebel Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoodlum_(film)=Hoodlum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingpin_(1996_film)=Kingpin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outrageous_Fortune_(film)=Una fortuna sfacciata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koma_(film)=Koma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Wax_(2005_film)=La maschera di cera (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Sacred_(film)=Nulla sul serio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_(1994_film)=The War (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaena:_The_Prophecy=La profezia di Kaena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Falling_on_Cedars_(film)=La neve cade sui cedri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon's_European_Vacation=Ma guarda un po' 'sti americani!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Mare=Si-wor-ae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gleaming_the_Cube=California Skate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torque_(film)=Torque - Circuiti di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troll_(film)=Troll (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voodoo_Woman=Voodoo Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein_Conquers_the_World=Frankenstein alla conquista della Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beverly_Hillbillies_(film)=A Beverly Hills... signori si diventa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Belt_Jones=Johnny lo svelto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Ultimatum_(film)=The Bourne Ultimatum - Il ritorno dello sciacallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_King_in_New_York=Un re a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casper:_A_Spirited_Beginning=Casper - Un fantasmagorico inizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocket_Money=Per una manciata di soldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greetings_(1968_film)=Ciao America!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Suspicion_(2000_film)=Under Suspicion (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priest_(1994_film)=Il prete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirteen_Chairs=Una su 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Dimension=Gli amici del drago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Business_(1952_film)=Il magnifico scherzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Janitor=Il portinaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Star_(film)=Dark Star (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pola_X=Pola X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolver_(film)=Evolver - Un amico pericoloso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Intruder=Alien Intruder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_the_Beholder_(film)=The Eye - Lo sguardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paheli=Paheli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_in_the_Head=Bullet in the Head (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Evening_of_Edgar_Allan_Poe=An Evening of Edgar Allan Poe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secondhand_Lions=Secondhand Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tout_Va_Bien=Crepa padrone, tutto va bene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enforcer_(1951_film)=La città è salva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beyond_(film)=...e tu vivrai nel terrore! - L'aldilà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrongfully_Accused=Il fuggitivo della missione impossibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenon:_Z3=Zenon: Z3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_of_Arc_(1900_film)=Jeanne d'Arc (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Terror's_House_of_Horrors=Le cinque chiavi del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_and_Her_Week_of_Wonders_(film)=Fantasie di una tredicenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Broadcast_of_1938=The Big Broadcast of 1938
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_the_Great_(1956_film)=Alessandro il Grande (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Boys_(1983_film)=Bad Boys (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Mooseport=Due candidati per una poltrona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lords_of_Flatbush=Happy Days - La banda dei fiori di pesco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Stranger_Among_Us=Una estranea fra noi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warm_Springs_(film)=Franklin D. Roosevelt. Un uomo, un presidente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxcar_Bertha=America 1929 - Sterminateli senza pietà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_That_Knocking_at_My_Door=Chi sta bussando alla mia porta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carve_Her_Name_with_Pride=Scuola di spie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taste_of_Cherry=Il sapore della ciliegia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffy_Duck's_Quackbusters=Daffy Duck's Quackbusters - Agenzia acchiappafantasmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Will_Talk=La gente mormora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ninth_Day=Der Neunte Tag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pusher_II=Pusher II - Sangue sulle mie mani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troop_Beverly_Hills=In campeggio a Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harder_They_Fall=Il colosso d'argilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payback_(1999_film)=Payback - La rivincita di Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Narnia:_The_Lion,_the_Witch_and_the_Wardrobe=Le cronache di Narnia - Il leone, la strega e l'armadio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_(1980_film)=L'isola (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Regrets_for_Our_Youth=Non rimpiango la mia giovinezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_of_Time_(film)=Minuti contati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster-in-Law=Quel mostro di suocera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Narnia:_Prince_Caspian=Le cronache di Narnia - Il principe Caspian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flamingo_Kid=Flamingo Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy/Beautiful=Crazy/Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_Mile_(film)=Moonlight Mile - Voglia di ricominciare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singin'_in_the_Rain=Cantando sotto la pioggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulp_(1972_film)=Colpiscono senza pietà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rascal_(film)=Rascal, l'orsetto lavatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_City_(1998_film)=Dark City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Au_Hasard_Balthazar=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Different_from_the_Others=Anders als die Andern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Klansman=L'uomo del Klan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Americanization_of_Emily=Tempo di guerra, tempo d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What%3F_(film)=Che?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Kiss_Bang_Bang=Kiss Kiss Bang Bang (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_for_Vendetta_(film)=V per Vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_Train=Atomic Train - Disastro ad alta velocità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Circus_(film)=Essi vivranno!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_Dogs_(film)=Unica regola vincere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyun!_Ho_Gaya_Na...=Gara di cuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pianist_(2002_film)=Il pianista (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midsummer_Dream=Una magica notte d'estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_(2003_film)=Mi chiamano Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_We_Fight_(2005_film)=Why We Fight (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Innocents_(1961_film)=Suspense (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulgasari=Pulgasari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirigible_(film)=Dirigibile (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_Maker_(1995_film)=L'uomo delle stelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Angels_Have_Wings=Avventurieri dell'aria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Flowers=Broken Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exterminator=Exterminator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nasty_Girl=La ragazza terribile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunchback_of_Notre_Dame_(1923_film)=Il gobbo di Notre Dame (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monolith_Monsters=La meteora infernale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(2002_film)=Three (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Da_Vinci_Code_(film)=Il codice da Vinci (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_Bride_(film)=Se scappi, ti sposo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Obscure_Object_of_Desire=Quell'oscuro oggetto del desiderio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You,_Alice_B._Toklas=Lasciami baciare la farfalla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.M.S._Defiant=Ponte di comando (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock-a-Doodle=Eddy e la banda del sole luminoso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_and_Freedom=Terra e libertà (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_'em_and_Weep=Amale e piangi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutty_Professor_II:_The_Klumps=La famiglia del professore matto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_and_Main=Hollywood, Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Killer_Tomatoes=Il ritorno dei pomodori assassini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_from_Shanghai=La signora di Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorgo_(film)=Gorgo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabhi_Alvida_Naa_Kehna=Non dire mai addio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheaper_by_the_Dozen_2=Il ritorno della scatenata dozzina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Horse=Year of the Horse (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pleasure_Seekers=The Pleasure Seekers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Damage_(film)=Brain Damage - La maledizione di Elmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlighting_(film)=Moonlighting (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Ronde_(1950_film)=Il piacere e l'amore (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Dares_Wins_(film)=Chi osa vince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampage_(1987_film)=Assassino senza colpa?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Is_Illuminated_(film)=Ogni cosa è illuminata (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fantastic_Four_(unreleased_film)=The Fantastic Four (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Angels=I selvaggi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_No_Return=La magnifica preda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two-Lane_Blacktop=Strada a doppia corsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2019,_After_the_Fall_of_New_York=2019 - Dopo la caduta di New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Wonderful_Sunday=Una meravigliosa domenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Fox=Vuk - Il cucciolo di volpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbarella_(film)=Barbarella (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Time_I_Committed_Suicide=L'ultima volta che mi sono suicidato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannie_Caulder=La texana e i fratelli Penitenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grumpier_Old_Men=That's Amore - Due improbabili seduttori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grumpy_Old_Men_(film)=Due irresistibili brontoloni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_McMullen=I fratelli McMullen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Station_3D=Space Station 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swamp_Water=La palude della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_and_the_City=I trafficanti della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Petticoat=La sottana di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Prince_(1974_film)=Il piccolo principe (film 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_in_Oblivion=Si gira a Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Times=Three Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drowning_Mona=Chi ha ucciso la signora Dearly?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vive_L'Amour=Vive L'Amour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RoboCop_3=RoboCop 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kin-dza-dza!=Kin-dza-dza!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorky_Park_(film)=Gorky Park (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanging_Up=Avviso di chiamata (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madadayo=Madadayo - Il compleanno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Destination_3=Final Destination 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_to_Her=Parla con lei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monster_Squad=Scuola di mostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Lobo=Rio Lobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cincinnati_Kid=Cincinnati Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FUBAR_(film)=FUBAR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spanish_Prisoner=La formula (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Water_(2005_film)=Dark Water (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wraith=Il replicante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowbeard=Barbagialla, il terrore dei sette mari e mezzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Night,_Deadly_Night=Natale di sangue (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat's_Meow=Hollywood Confidential (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_of_Hearts=Quando si ama (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_Rebels=Una donna si ribella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_Wrath_of_the_Dragon=Dragon Ball Z - L'eroe del pianeta Conuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatari!=Hatari!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixel_Perfect=Pixel Perfect - Star ad alta definizione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Male_and_Female=Maschio e femmina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Jean_&_Marilyn=Norma Jean & Marilyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Them_All_and_Come_Back_Alone=Ammazzali tutti e torna solo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Eye_(2005_American_film)=Red Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_the_Generals=La notte dei generali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Strong=La falena d'argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_(2002_film)=Empire - Due mondi a confronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Game_Ever_Played=Il più bel gioco della mia vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enron:_The_Smartest_Guys_in_the_Room=Enron - L'economia della truffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Woman_(film)=Le seduttrici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_Auto_Races_at_Venice=Charlot ingombrante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Time_Crooks=Criminali da strapazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boomerang_(1992_film)=Il principe delle donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sometimes_They_Come_Back..._Again=A volte ritornano ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover_Street_(film)=Una strada, un amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poetic_Justice_(film)=Poetic Justice (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hocus_Pocus_(1993_film)=Hocus Pocus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeping_the_Faith=Tentazioni d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(1993_film)=I tre moschettieri (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Ripper=Lo squartatore di New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_for_Broke!_(1951_film)=Allo sbaraglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_(2007_film)=Next (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Dive=Agguato sul fondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Lagoon_(1949_film)=Incantesimo nei mari del sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Lovers=Summer Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonin=Gonin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macbeth_(1948_film)=Macbeth (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_of_the_North_Pole=L'imperatore del Nord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop!_Or_My_Mom_Will_Shoot=Fermati, o mamma spara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Get_Ahead_in_Advertising=Come fare carriera nella pubblicità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throw_Momma_from_the_Train=Getta la mamma dal treno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollercoaster_(1977_film)=Rollercoaster - Il grande brivido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Strangers_(1945_film)=Intermezzo matrimoniale (film 1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Ride=The Wild Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiscreet_(1958_film)=Indiscreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exiled=Exiled (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Jazz=Il re del jazz (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Scarlett=Il diavolo è femmina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Have_and_Have_Not_(film)=Acque del sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_China_III=Once Upon a Time in China III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_China_II=Once Upon a Time in China II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipper_(1963_film)=Il mio amico delfino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotta_Kick_It_Up!=Diamoci una mossa!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan,_the_Ape_Man_(1981_film)=Tarzan, l'uomo scimmia (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Ships_(film)=Le lunghe navi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugetsu=I racconti della luna pallida d'agosto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_Rising_(film)=Hannibal Lecter - Le origini del male (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intersection_(1994_film)=Trappola d'amore (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Instinct_2=Basic Instinct 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athena_(film)=Athena e le 7 sorelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandview,_U.S.A.=Bulldozer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekken:_The_Motion_Picture=Tekken - The Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Hunks=I due legionari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_City=La città nuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rififi=Rififi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_of_Bern=Il miracolo di Berna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Eyes_(film)=Angel Eyes - Occhi d'angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_Rider_2000=Supercar 2000 - Indagine ad alta velocità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_Rider_2010=Knight Rider 2010
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baran_(film)=Baran (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tango_&_Cash=Tango & Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_Bonner=L'ultimo buscadero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Mans_(film)=Le 24 Ore di Le Mans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hairshirt_(film)=Too Smooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lolita_(1997_film)=Lolita (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_of_the_City=L'urlo della città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driving_Lessons=In viaggio con Evie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Steal=Il tesoro di Vera Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slackers_(film)=Slackers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Made_Me_a_Fugitive=Sono un criminale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three..._Extremes=Three... Extremes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izo=Izo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnie_Brasco_(film)=Donnie Brasco (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Sharkboy_and_Lavagirl_in_3-D=Le avventure di Sharkboy e Lavagirl in 3-D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_Words=La vita segreta delle parole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_People's_Money=I soldi degli altri (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Gringo=Old Gringo - Il vecchio gringo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Without_a_Past=L'uomo senza passato (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_and_the_Showgirl=Il principe e la ballerina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Wednesday=Un mercoledì da leoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_of_the_Chorus=Orchidea bionda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Theory_of_Flight=La teoria del volo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circle_(2000_film)=Il cerchio (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alligator_People=Uomini coccodrillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfen_(film)=Wolfen, la belva immortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glengarry_Glen_Ross_(film)=Americani (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_No_Business_Like_Show_Business_(film)=Follie dell'anno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Bottom_Boat=La mia spia di mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Lace=Merletto di mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Goose_(film)=Il gran lupo chiama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cutter=The Cutter - Il trafficante di diamanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duets_(film)=Duets (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_II_(1981_film)=Il signore della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_4:_The_Return_of_Michael_Myers=Halloween 4 - Il ritorno di Michael Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_5:_The_Revenge_of_Michael_Myers=Halloween 5 - La vendetta di Michael Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween:_The_Curse_of_Michael_Myers=Halloween 6 - La maledizione di Michael Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Wonderful_World_(1939_film)=Questo mondo è meraviglioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenandoah_(film)=Shenandoah - La valle dell'onore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_Road_(film)=Glory Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Heard_the_Mermaids_Singing=Ho sentito le sirene cantare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disturbing_Behavior=Generazione perfetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amen.=Amen.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flightplan=Flightplan - Mistero in volo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Bamboo=La casa di bambù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Came_from_Outer_Space=Destinazione... Terra!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice,_Sweet_Alice=Comunione con delitti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sentinel_(1977_film)=Sentinel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_the_Batcave:_The_Misadventures_of_Adam_and_Burt=Supereroi per caso: Le disavventure di Batman e Robin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Super_Inframan=Inframan l'altra dimensione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_a_Stranger_Calls_(1979_film)=Quando chiama uno sconosciuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stealth_(film)=Stealth - Arma suprema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Make_a_Monster_(2001_film)=Il mostro oltre lo schermo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housesitter=Moglie a sorpresa (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_and_Black_Lace=Sei donne per l'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_IV:_The_Beginning=Psycho IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odin:_Photon_Sailer_Starlight=Odin: Kōshi hansen Starlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Trail=Il grande sentiero (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Fever=Cold Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome,_Open_City=Roma città aperta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umberto_D.=Umberto D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malibu's_Most_Wanted=Malibu's Most Wanted - Rapimento a Malibu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humor_Risk=Humor Risk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fine_Madness=Una splendida canaglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Five_in_the_Afternoon=Alle cinque della sera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reaping=I segni del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Falls_(miniseries)=Empire Falls - Le cascate del cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demetrius_and_the_Gladiators=I gladiatori (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neon_Genesis_Evangelion:_Death_&_Rebirth=Neon Genesis Evangelion: Death & Rebirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Robinsons=I Robinson - Una famiglia spaziale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolt_(2008_film)=Bolt - Un eroe a quattro zampe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Call_Me_Mister_Tibbs!=Omicidio al neon per l'ispettore Tibbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenfish=Frankenfish - Pesci mutanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Street_with_No_Name=Strada senza nome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Barbara_(film)=Il maggiore Barbara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krrish=Krrish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Can't_Help_It=Gangster cerca moglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Wives_Club=Il club delle prime mogli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_the_Jade_Scorpion=La maledizione dello scorpione di giada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Blonde=Una bionda naturale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperately_Seeking_Susan=Cercasi Susan disperatamente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Face_in_the_Crowd_(film)=Un volto nella folla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supervixens=Supervixens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tere_Naam=Tere Naam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Geese=I 4 dell'Oca selvaggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Law_Cabin=Common Law Cabin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_and..._Goodbye!=Good Morning and... Goodbye!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up!_(1976_film)=Le deliranti avventure erotiche dell'agente speciale Margò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_(1995_film)=Safe (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_40-Year-Old_Virgin=40 anni vergine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Impossible_III=Mission: Impossible III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Wolves=L'oca selvaggia colpisce ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electric_Horseman=Il cavaliere elettrico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bionicle_3:_Web_of_Shadows=Bionicle - Le ombre del mistero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bone_Collector=Il collezionista di ossa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railroaded!=Trasportato per ferrovia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revolution_Will_Not_Be_Televised_(film)=The Revolution Will Not Be Televised (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrong_Box=La cassa sbagliata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passionada=Passionada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Moons=13 Moons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inland_Empire_(film)=Inland Empire - L'impero della mente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_of_Yucca_Flats=The Beast of Yucca Flats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inseminoid=Inseminoid - Un tempo nel futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Men:_The_Last_Stand=X-Men - Conflitto finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phaedra_(film)=Fedra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kounterfeit=Scacco all'organizzazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Called_Flintstone=Un uomo chiamato Flintstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seems_Like_Old_Times_(film)=Bastano tre per fare una coppia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Match_Point=Match Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bat_(1959_film)=Il mostro che uccide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_Has_Risen_from_the_Grave=Le amanti di Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein_Must_Be_Destroyed=Distruggete Frankenstein!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ignorant_Fairies=Le fate ignoranti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_of_Day=La luce del giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harley_Davidson_and_the_Marlboro_Man=Harley Davidson & Marlboro Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_St._Louis_Bank_Robbery=Gli occhi del testimone (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_and_the_Hendersons=Bigfoot e i suoi amici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Aapke_Hain_Koun..!=Hum Aapke Hain Koun...!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hatchet_Man=L'uomo dalla scure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judwaa=Judwaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Rain_(film)=Pioggia infernale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_of_the_Banshee=Satana in corpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Pop=American Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Hard=Spia e lascia spiare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_and_Then_(film)=Amiche per sempre (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creepshow_2=Creepshow 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bustin'_Loose_(film)=Libertà poco vigilata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_Honeymoon=Luna di miele stregata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_at_First_Bite=Amore al primo morso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revenge_(film)=Zemsta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Arkadin=Rapporto confidenziale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hallelujah_Trail=La carovana dell'alleluia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hourglass_Sanatorium=La clessidra (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunty_Aur_Babli=Bunty Aur Babli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuck_on_You_(film)=Fratelli per la pelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic_(1943_film)=La tragedia del Titanic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartburn_(film)=Heartburn - Affari di cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Who%3F=Chi sono? Babbo Natale?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Vampire=Mr. Vampire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Time_(2003_film)=Out of Time (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_and_the_Witch's_Ghost=Scooby-Doo e il fantasma della strega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Night_(1998_film)=Last Night (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula's_Daughter=La figlia di Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valmont_(film)=Valmont (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Seasons=Tre stagioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brute_Force_(1947_film)=Forza bruta (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordet=Ordet - La parola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Yank_in_the_R.A.F.=Il mio avventuriero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Animal=Animal (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_No_Evil,_Hear_No_Evil=Non guardarmi: non ti sento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_Scared_(1986_film)=Una perfetta coppia di svitati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lila_Says=Lila dice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_vs._the_Flying_Saucers=La Terra contro i dischi volanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Baby's_Daddy=Il padre di mio figlio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_the_Creek_(1984_film)=Zattere, pupe, porcelloni e gommoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara's_Heart=Il grande cuore di Clara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Touch_of_Fever=A Touch of Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jett_Jackson:_The_Movie=Jett Jackson: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyber_Seduction:_His_Secret_Life=Cyber Seduction: His Secret Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Warnings=Warnings - Presagi di morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_Captain_Marvel=Adventures of Captain Marvel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experiment_Perilous=Schiava del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Man_Band_(film)=One Man Band (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raw_Deal_(1948_film)=Schiavo della furia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_House_(film)=La casa rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_That_Never_Sleeps=La città che non dorme (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Falls=Cherry Falls - Il paese del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serpent_of_the_Nile=Gli amori di Cleopatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Rejects=La casa del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/December_Boys=I ragazzi di dicembre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_(1982_film)=Paradise (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Yesterday_(1950_film)=Nata ieri (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Stool_Pigeon=Cocaina (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffy=Coffy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sandlot=I ragazzi vincenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_Jackson_(1988_film)=Action Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girlfight=Girlfight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferry_to_Hong_Kong=Passaggio a Hong Kong (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bon_Voyage,_Charlie_Brown_(and_Don't_Come_Back!!)=Buon viaggio, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Celluloid_Closet=Lo schermo velato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannonball_(film)=Cannonball (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_(1983_film)=Christine - La macchina infernale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handle_with_Care_(1977_film)=Citizens Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_and_Marian=Robin e Marian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gumball_Rally=La corsa più pazza del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_Barrier=Ali del futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Her_Shoes_(film)=In Her Shoes - Se fossi lei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Gargantuas=Katango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominion:_Prequel_to_the_Exorcist=Dominion: Prequel to the Exorcist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruising_(film)=Cruising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aventure_Malgache=Aventure malgache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idlewild_(film)=Idlewild (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_(1996_film)=Crash (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chopper_Chicks_in_Zombietown=Chopper Chicks in Zombietown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mommie_Dearest_(film)=Mammina cara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Been_Kissed=Mai stata baciata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop_Zone_(film)=Omicidio nel vuoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Hell_House=Dopo la vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo_on_Zombie_Island=Scooby-Doo e l'isola degli zombie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trixie_(film)=Trixie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Deckchair=Piovuto dal cielo (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_(1967_film)=Intrighi al Grand Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Cat_(1934_film)=The Black Cat (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooklyn=Crooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_of_Our_Lady_of_Fatima=Nostra Signora di Fatima (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_(film)=Edison City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverado_(film)=Silverado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Beware=All'improvviso uno sconosciuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_to_the_Stars=The Way to the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evil_of_Frankenstein=La rivolta di Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_of_the_Wax_Museum=La maschera di cera (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kiss_of_the_Vampire=Il mistero del castello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula:_Prince_of_Darkness=Dracula, principe delle tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Moment_to_Remember=Nae meori sog-ui ji-ugae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butcher's_Wife=Amore e magia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbie_Rides_Again=Herbie il Maggiolino sempre più matto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasputin_the_Mad_Monk=Rasputin: il monaco folle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gorgon=Lo sguardo che uccide (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brides_of_Dracula=Le spose di Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_the_Werewolf=L'implacabile condanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Measures_(film)=Soluzione estrema (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_House_(1948_film)=I quattro rivali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deconstructing_Harry=Harry a pezzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Dogs=Snow Dogs - 8 cani sotto zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Dream=Il valzer del pesce freccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skeleton_Key=The Skeleton Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Mark_Twain_(1944_film)=Il pilota del Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_II_(film)=Psycho II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_III=Psycho III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waqt:_The_Race_Against_Time=Waqt: The Race Against Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Forest=Peccato (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Clock_(film)=Il tempo si è fermato (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You_to_Death=Ti amerò... fino ad ammazzarti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hill_(film)=La collina del disonore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Demon=La notte del demonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Password_Is_Courage=Parola d'ordine: coraggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Married_a_Witch=Ho sposato una strega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scars_of_Dracula=Il marchio di Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicine_Man_(film)=Mato Grosso (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Hands_(1999_film)=Two Hands (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Compleat_Al=The Compleat Al
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_(1997_film)=Steel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Child=Il bambino d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Reilly_(film)=Mary Reilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxes_(film)=A donne con gli amici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Scorpion=Red Scorpion - Scorpione rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factory_Girl_(2006_film)=Factory Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nora_(2000_film)=Nora (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiem_for_a_Heavyweight=Una faccia piena di pugni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arsenal_Stadium_Mystery=Il mistero dell'arsenale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Son_of_the_Sheik=Il figlio dello sceicco (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sheik_(film)=Lo sceicco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porky's_II:_The_Next_Day=Porky's II - Il giorno dopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porky's_Revenge!=Porky's III - La rivincita!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FernGully:_The_Last_Rainforest=FernGully - Le avventure di Zak e Crysta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Figure_(film)=Go Figure - Grinta sui pattini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navy_SEALs_(film)=Navy Seals - Pagati per morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Walked_with_a_Zombie=Ho camminato con uno zombi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Nobody=Il mio nome è Nessuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_Always_Vanilla=There's Always Vanilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_St._Valentine's_Day_Massacre_(film)=Il massacro del giorno di San Valentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sasquatch_Gang=The Sasquatch Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Message_in_a_Bottle_(film)=Le parole che non ti ho detto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_on_92nd_Street=La casa della 92ª strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quest_(film)=La prova (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_(1967_film)=Week End - Una donna e un uomo da sabato a domenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Country_Bears=The Country Bears - I favolorsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prizefighter_and_the_Lady=L'idolo delle donne (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canterbury_Tales_(film)=I racconti di Canterbury (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandahar_(2001_film)=Viaggio a Kandahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry,_Harry_&_Raquel!=Cherry, Harry & Raquel!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nickelodeon_(film)=Vecchia America (film 1976)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Innocent_Man_(film)=Un uomo innocente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Yes=La casa del sì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong_Escapes=King Kong - Il gigante della foresta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Sleep=Il sonno nero del dottor Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Walk_in_the_Clouds=Il profumo del mosto selvatico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moby_Dick_(1956_film)=Moby Dick, la balena bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Death_of_Peter_Sellers=Tu chiamami Peter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_It's_Tuesday,_This_Must_Be_Belgium=Se è martedì deve essere il Belgio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reveille_with_Beverly=Reveille with Beverly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_and_Sand_(1922_film)=Sangue e arena (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagle_(1925_film)=L'aquila (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspect_(1987_film)=Suspect - Presunto colpevole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Striking_Distance=Impatto imminente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_Lights=Nella morsa delle rotaie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_301_(film)=La banda dei tre stati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slim_(film)=Alta tensione (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FeardotCom=Paura.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Man_(film)=Soul Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Milky_Way_(1940_film)=La via lattea (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Horsemen_of_the_Apocalypse_(film)=I quattro cavalieri dell'Apocalisse (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colors_(film)=Colors - Colori di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_Cooler's_Revenge=Dragon Ball Z - Il destino dei Saiyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amityville_II:_The_Possession=Amityville Possession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysterious_Skin=Mysterious Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Saw_Tomorrow=L'uomo che vide il futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Juror=Il giurato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Garrett_and_Billy_the_Kid=Pat Garrett e Billy Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Marshals_(film)=U.S. Marshals - Caccia senza tregua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Side_Street_(1950_film)=La via della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Laramie=L'uomo di Laramie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Neretva_(film)=La battaglia della Neretva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Prairie_Home_Companion_(film)=Radio America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.O.S._Titanic=S.O.S. Titanic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Country_(film)=North Country - Storia di Josey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_of_the_Abyss=Ghosts of the Abyss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swept_Away_(1974_film)=Travolti da un insolito destino nell'azzurro mare d'agosto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Six_You_Get_Eggroll=C'è un uomo nel letto di mamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Mutant_Ninja_Turtles_II:_The_Secret_of_the_Ooze=Tartarughe Ninja II - Il segreto di Ooze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shree_420=Shree 420
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shout_at_the_Devil_(film)=Ci rivedremo all'inferno (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_in_Mathmagic_Land=Paperino nel mondo della matemagica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight's_Last_Gleaming=Ultimi bagliori di un crepuscolo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Man's_Burden_(film)=Il rovescio della medaglia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choke_Canyon=Energia pulita (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eiger_Sanction_(film)=Assassinio sull'Eiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaughter_High=Jolly Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Virus=Swarm - Minaccia dalla giungla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Bags_(film)=Body Bags - Corpi estranei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Cream_Man_(film)=I gusti del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Be_a_Menace_to_South_Central_While_Drinking_Your_Juice_in_the_Hood=Un ragazzo veramente speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Libertine_(2004_film)=The Libertine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_and_Jim=Jules e Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mom's_Got_a_Date_with_a_Vampire=Invito a cena con vampiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve's_Bayou=La baia di Eva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airport_1975=Airport '75
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punk's_Not_Dead_(2007_film)=Punk's Not Dead (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_Just_Want_to_Have_Fun_(film)=Voglia di ballare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_Mamo=Lupin III - La pietra della saggezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Small_One=L'asinello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ju_Dou=Ju Dou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pursuit_of_Happyness=La ricerca della felicità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brats=I monelli (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarfarosh=Sarfarosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_Home_for_Christmas_(1998_film)=A casa per Natale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Business_(1929_film)=Affari in grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Ford_Fairlane=Le avventure di Ford Fairlane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phone_(film)=Phone (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoot_Suit_(film)=Zoot Suit (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonely_Are_the_Brave=Solo sotto le stelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bend_of_the_River=Là dove scende il fiume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Far_Country=Terra lontana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Queens=Nove regine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Potion_No._9_(film)=Pozione d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakin'=Breakdance (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Action_(film)=Azione esecutiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier's_Girl=Soldier's Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stoned_Age=The Stöned Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Harishchandra=Raja Harishchandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Resources_(film)=Risorse umane (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Out_(2001_film)=A tempo pieno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_Every_Day_(film)=Cannibal Love - Mangiata viva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Frost_(1998_film)=Jack Frost (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passenger_(1975_film)=Professione: reporter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Mules_for_Sister_Sara=Gli avvoltoi hanno fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anima_Mundi_(film)=Anima Mundi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheap_Detective=A proposito di omicidi...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparkle_(1976_film)=Sparkle (film 1976)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Siege=Attacco al potere (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Improper_Conduct=Mauvaise conduite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardware_(film)=Hardware - Metallo letale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tiger_Walks=Tigre in agguato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Study_in_Terror=Sherlock Holmes: notti di terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Women_(1949_film)=Piccole donne (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Women_(1933_film)=Piccole donne (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_War_of_Harry_Frigg=Guerra, amore e fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Times_(1975_film)=L'eroe della strada (film 1975)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Men=Tin Men - 2 imbroglioni con signora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_On_(1998_film)=Head On (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Who_Could_Fly=Il ragazzo che sapeva volare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trials_of_Oscar_Wilde=Il garofano verde (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopgirl=Shopgirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accidental_Spy=Spia per caso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_the_36th_Chamber=Ritorno alla 36ª camera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Satan_Bug=Stazione 3: top secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hustle_&_Flow=Hustle & Flow - Il colore della musica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander:_The_Other_Side_of_Dawn=Alexander: The Other Side of Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Blue_(2005_film)=Trappola in fondo al mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O.K._Connery=O.K. Connery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_(1967_film)=Io, due figlie, tre valigie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buccaneer_(1958_film)=I bucanieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_in_60_Seconds_(1974_film)=Rollercar - Sessanta secondi e vai!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseland_(film)=Roseland (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_Gone_Pete_Tong=It's All Gone Pete Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/16_Blocks=Solo 2 ore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Aladdin_Las_Vegas=Live at the Aladdin Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Visiteurs=I visitatori (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DysEnchanted=Dysenchanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemp_for_Victory=Hemp for Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuck_in_the_Suburbs=Una star in periferia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nostalghia=Nostalghia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_for_an_Eye_(1996_film)=La prossima vittima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Voice_(film)=Little Voice - È nata una stella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taras_Bulba_(1962_film)=Taras il magnifico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Mutant_Ninja_Turtles_III=Tartarughe Ninja III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabriskie_Point_(film)=Zabriskie Point (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clash_by_Night=La confessione della signora Doyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_of_the_North=Alaska - Sfida tra i ghiacci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guarding_Tess=Cara, insopportabile Tess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_in_Lane_2=Un trofeo per Justin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yana's_Friends=Ha Chaverim shel Yana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Devil=Rok Dábla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_You_Them=Eu tu eles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Children's_Story=Certi bambini (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_&_June=Henry & June
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bio-Dome=Tonto + tonto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Security_(2003_film)=National Security - Sei in buone mani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosferatu_the_Vampyre=Nosferatu, il principe della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Face_(1953_film)=Seduzione mortale (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Long_at_the_Fair=Tragica incertezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daughters_Courageous=Profughi dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortress_(1992_film)=2013 - La fortezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubber_Johnny=Rubber Johnny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macao_(film)=L'avventuriero di Macao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandahar_(film)=Gandahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Keeps_(film)=Per gioco e... per amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_Devil_(film)=Demoniaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sorcerers=Il killer di Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passenger_57=Passenger 57 - Terrore ad alta quota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soul_of_a_Man=L'anima di un uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Nights_(1974_film)=Il fiore delle Mille e una notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Killed_Don_Quixote=L'uomo che uccise Don Chisciotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Frankenstein=Il figlio di Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein_Created_Woman=La maledizione dei Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Astronaut's_Wife=The Astronaut's Wife - La moglie dell'astronauta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_One=Violenza per una giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WiseGirls=Scelte d'onore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Blue=Betty Blue (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Mat=Beyond the Mat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dillinger_(1945_film)=Lo sterminatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Wicked_This_Way_Comes_(film)=Qualcosa di sinistro sta per accadere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_on_Earth_(film)=Pace in terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagte_Raho=All'erta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blast_from_the_Past_(film)=Sbucato dal passato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...ing=A-i-enji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Close_Range=A distanza ravvicinata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cry_of_the_Owl_(1987_film)=Il grido del gufo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian's_Song=La canzone di Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Wonderland_(1976_film)=Alice nel paese delle pornomeraviglie (film 1976)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porgy_and_Bess_(film)=Porgy and Bess (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirteenth_Year=Il bambino venuto dal mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_and_Bone_(film)=Omicidi di provincia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_in_Paris=Jefferson in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pallbearer=Tre amici, un matrimonio e un funerale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hush_(1998_film)=Obsession (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_to_Rumble=Pronti alla rissa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bounce_(film)=Bounce (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anniversary_Party=Anniversary Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Caraboo_(film)=La principessa degli intrighi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_the_One_(1996_film)=Il senso dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yakuza=Yakuza (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_and_Sisters_of_the_Toda_Family=Fratelli e sorelle della famiglia Toda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/800_Bullets=800 balas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toll_of_the_Sea=Fior di loto (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Playhouse_(film)=Il teatro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graffiti_Bridge_(film)=Graffiti Bridge (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Stop_the_Music=Can't Stop the Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fallen_Idol_(film)=Idolo infranto (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_Hour_3=Rush Hour - Missione Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_Jones=Cleopatra Jones: Licenza di uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_(1998_film)=Earth (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turning_Point_(1977_film)=Due vite, una svolta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Train_to_Munich=Night Train to Munich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candleshoe=Una ragazza, un maggiordomo e una lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_the_Kickboxers=Il re dei kickboxers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saints_and_Soldiers=Saints and Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Bay_(film)=La baia del tuono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Highway_in_the_Sky=Il viaggio indimenticabile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jackpot=La fortuna si diverte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbine_Williams=Carabina Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Hobbs_Takes_a_Vacation=Mister Hobbs va in vacanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_&_Cigarettes=Romance & Cigarettes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lemon_Drop_Kid=Il ratto delle zitelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightwatching=Nightwatching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarecrow_(1973_film)=Lo spaventapasseri (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paper_(film)=Cronisti d'assalto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocalypse_Now_Redux=Apocalypse Now Redux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Family_Robinson=I Robinson di Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_of_the_Delta_Knights=I Cavalieri Delta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Machine=Death Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Paleface=Il figlio di viso pallido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freaky_Friday_(2003_film)=Quel pazzo venerdì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parent_Trap_(1998_film)=Genitori in trappola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers_(film)=Transformers (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Rush=La musica nel cuore - August Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Dancing_Daughters=Le nostre sorelle di danza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crack-Up_(1946_film)=La banda dei falsificatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhinestone_(film)=Nick lo scatenato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_You_and_Everyone_We_Know=Me and You and Everyone We Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_and_Me=Il mio amico Beniamino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_Carnival=Robot Carnival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frogmen=Le rane del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clan_of_the_White_Lotus=Il clan del Loto Bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moment_by_Moment=Attimo per attimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Trash=Horror in Bowery Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell,_Book_and_Candle=Una strega in paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.C._Cab=D.C. Cab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_FBI_Story=Sono un agente FBI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_Nutty=Gone Nutty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_Road=Arlington Road - L'inganno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_and_Sober=Fuori dal tunnel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paleface_(1948_film)=Viso pallido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Rider_(2007_film)=Ghost Rider (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Favorite_Brunette=La mia brunetta preferita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undead_(film)=Undead (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havoc_(2005_film)=Havoc - Fuori controllo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_City_(1950_film)=La città nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Zone_(film)=Free Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Saucer=The Flying Saucer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Friend=Dovevi essere morta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Nerve=I nervi a pezzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nora_Prentiss=Smarrimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damien:_Omen_II=La maledizione di Damien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rainmaker_(1956_film)=Il mago della pioggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean's_Eleven=Ocean's Eleven - Fate il vostro gioco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Woop_Woop=Benvenuti a Woop Woop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passport_to_Paris=Due gemelle a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_(1974_film)=Gold - Il segno del potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Descent=The Descent - Discesa nelle tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_the_Walls_of_Folsom_Prison=Tortura (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Palm_Beach_Story=Ritrovarsi (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_of_Troy_(film)=Elena di Troia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vegas_Vacation=Las Vegas - In vacanza al casinò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Driller_Killer=The Driller Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirate_Movie=Il film pirata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Racket_(1951_film)=La gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellfighters_(film)=Uomini d'amianto contro l'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Unknown=Storie (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Expectations_(1946_film)=Grandi speranze (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_West_Frontier_(film)=Frontiera a Nord-Ovest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Dance_(film)=Lo strano triangolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houseboat_(film)=Un marito per Cinzia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boomerang_(1947_film)=Boomerang - L'arma che uccide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bat_(1926_film)=The Bat (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_the_Ape_Man_(1932_film)=Tarzan l'uomo scimmia (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenhooker=Frankenhooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solarbabies=I guerrieri del sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_Angel_(1945_film)=Un angelo è caduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Session_9=Session 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Cop=Poliziotto sadico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Cop_2=Maniac Cop - Il poliziotto maniaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Cop_III:_Badge_of_Silence=Maniac Cop 3 - Il distintivo del silenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_(1980_film)=Maniac (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River's_Edge=I ragazzi del fiume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Do_I_Gotta_Kill%3F=Who do I Gotta Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3-Iron=Ferro 3 - La casa vuota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Magic_Christmas=Un magico Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheyenne_Social_Club=Non stuzzicate i cowboys che dormono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_of_St._Louis_(film)=L'aquila solitaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salaam_Bombay!=Salaam Bombay!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Richer_or_Poorer=In ricchezza e in povertà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Living_Dead_Part_II=Il ritorno dei morti viventi 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_a_Clue=Senza indizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repeat_Performance=Dimmi addio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roaring_Twenties=I ruggenti anni venti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Guns_(1971_film)=Era Sam Wallash!... Lo chiamavano... E così sia!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_High_(1968_film)=I quattro dell'Ave Maria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Murder_Your_Wife=Come uccidere vostra moglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Should_Happen_to_You=La ragazza del secolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long,_Long_Trailer=12 metri d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_3000=Van Helsing - Dracula's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_You_Were_Here_(1987_film)=Vorrei che tu fossi qui!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goin'_South=Verso il sud (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Missouri_Breaks=Missouri (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_and_Wine=Blood & Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_on_Earth=Taxisti di notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_X=Jason X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viridiana=Viridiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resident_Evil:_Extinction=Resident Evil: Extinction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_to_Sea=Gli impenitenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angie_(1994_film)=Angie - Una donna tutta sola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odd_Couple_II=La strana coppia II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Eight_Seven=Codice omicidio 187
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crossing_Guard=3 giorni per la verità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_the_13th_Part_2=L'assassino ti siede accanto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starship_Troopers_2:_Hero_of_the_Federation=Starship Troopers 2 - Eroi della federazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crazies_(1973_film)=La città verrà distrutta all'alba (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TerrorVision=Terror vision - Visioni del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmares_(1983_film)=Nightmares - Incubi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BloodRayne_(film)=BloodRayne (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bewafaa_(2005_film)=Bewafaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaslight_(1944_film)=Angoscia (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leroy_&_Stitch=Leroy & Stitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cemetery_Man=Dellamorte Dellamore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_7_Golden_Vampires=La leggenda dei 7 vampiri d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_&_Insects=Angeli e insetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Losin'_It=Un week-end da leone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Birch=Simon Birch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prophecy=L'ultima profezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stereo_(1969_film)=Stereo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basket_Case_(film)=Basket Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Guy=Un ragazzo tutto nuovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Face_(film)=Baby Face (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Lockdown=Creature (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Camp_7=Camp 7: lager femminile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_in_Cellblock_9=Frauen für Zellenblock 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimes_of_the_Future=Crimes of the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_Beauty_(1959_film)=La bella addormentata nel bosco (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Marvin_Gardens=Il re dei giardini di Marvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_in_the_Whirlwind=Le colline blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knockaround_Guys=Compagnie pericolose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O.C._and_Stiggs=Non giocate con il cactus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gay_Purr-ee=Musetta alla conquista di Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_Radio_(film)=Talk Radio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Neighbor_Sam=Scusa, me lo presti tuo marito?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Mr._X=The Amazing Mr. X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Pond=Prigioniera di un incubo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Drifter=Tokyo Drifter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobermann_(film)=Dobermann (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tingler=Il mostro di sangue (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Kelly=La regina Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidnapped_(1938_film)=Il vascello maledetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidnapped_(1971_film)=Il ribelle di Scozia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shooting=La sparatoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hells_Angels_on_Wheels=Angeli dell'inferno sulle ruote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ensign_Pulver=Una nave tutta matta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fortune=Due uomini e una dote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Border_(1982_film)=Frontiera (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Late_for_Tears=È tardi per piangere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ticket_to_Tomahawk=La figlia dello sceriffo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homicide_(1991_film)=Homicide (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Children_(film)=Little Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_High_(2005_film)=Sky High - Scuola di superpoteri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Could_Go_On_Singing=Ombre sul palcoscenico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobra_Verde=Cobra Verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Skin_Man_and_Peach_Hip_Girl=Shark Skin Man and Peach Hip Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Tongue=Silent Tongue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_and_Mrs._Muir=Il fantasma e la signora Muir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backbeat_(film)=Backbeat - Tutti hanno bisogno di amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_Outer_Space=La regina di Venere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Over_Me_(film)=All Over Me (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Dollhouse=Fuga dalla scuola media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armored_Car_Robbery=Sterminate la gang!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elling=Elling (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_in_the_Sun_(film)=Un posto al sole (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_Faces_of_Dr._Lao=Le 7 facce del Dr. Lao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_Night_in_China=1 Night in China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champagne_for_Caesar=Botta senza risposta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_Fishin'_(film)=Chi pesca trova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introducing_Dorothy_Dandridge=Vi presento Dorothy Dandridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_(2003_film)=Diventeranno famosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbie_Goes_Bananas=Herbie sbarca in Messico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Age:_The_Meltdown=L'era glaciale 2 - Il disgelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_on_the_Moon=Sangue sulla luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gappa:_The_Triphibian_Monster=Gappa - Il mostro che minaccia il mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defending_Your_Life=Prossima fermata: paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edges_of_the_Lord=L'ultimo treno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_of_the_Penguins=La marcia dei pinguini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stealing_Home=Il sentiero dei ricordi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slither_(2006_film)=Slither (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_(1956_film)=Giorni di dubbio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salaam_Namaste=Salaam Namaste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bionicle:_Mask_of_Light=Bionicle - La maschera della luce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_(2000_film)=Eureka (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocalypto=Apocalypto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Act_of_Violence=Atto di violenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brink!=Brink! Sfida su rotelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon's_Pledge_This!=Pledge This!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Love_(1935_film)=Amore folle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_II:_The_Great_Valley_Adventure=Alla ricerca della Valle Incantata 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rage:_Carrie_2=Carrie 2 - La furia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Impact=Double Impact - Vendetta finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_&_Prejudice_(2005_film)=Orgoglio e pregiudizio (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Captain's_Paradise=Il paradiso del Capitano Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Truth_(1957_film)=La verità... quasi nuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Touch_of_Mink=Il visone sulla pelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manson_Family_(film)=The Manson Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evilenko=Evilenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Little_Indians_(1965_film)=Dieci piccoli indiani (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_the_13th_Part_VI:_Jason_Lives=Venerdì 13 parte VI - Jason vive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Brothers_(film)=Four Brothers - Quattro fratelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_for_Beginners=Italiano per principianti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looker=Troppo belle per vivere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leopard_Man=L'uomo leopardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_the_13th_Part_III=Week-end di terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Raid=The Great Raid - Un pugno di eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Street=La strada del mistero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deuces_Wild=Deuces Wild. I guerrieri di New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Closet_(2001_film)=L'apparenza inganna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Tuesday_(film)=Pioggia di piombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violent_Shit=Violent Shit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Persuasion=Pretty Persuasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Planet=Il pianeta selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Geniuses=Un genio in pannolino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Sleepaway_Camp=Return to Sleepaway Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Sun_(2005_film)=Into the Sun (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_of_Gamblers=God of Gamblers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Mutant_Ninja_Turtles_(1990_film)=Tartarughe Ninja alla riscossa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2001:_A_Space_Travesty=2001 - Un'astronave spuntata nello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_in_the_Night_(film)=Il bandito senza nome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_Best_(film)=Due donne in gara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolling_Thunder_(film)=Rolling Thunder (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toolbox_Murders=La casa dei massacri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_(film)=Society - The Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hear_My_Song=Il mistero di Jo Locke, il sosia e miss Britannia '58
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_the_13th:_A_New_Beginning=Venerdì 13: il terrore continua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunes_of_Glory=Whisky e gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bionicle_2:_Legends_of_Metru_Nui=Bionicle - La leggenda di Metru Nui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfly_(1982_film)=Butterfly - Il sapore del peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Hong_Kong=Astronauti per forza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Soldier=Death of a Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flushed_Away=Giù per il tubo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Then_There_Were_None_(1974_film)=...e poi, non ne rimase nessuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_Hollywood=Doc Hollywood - Dottore in carriera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hostel_(2005_film)=Hostel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_Love_of_Martha_Ivers=Lo strano amore di Marta Ivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Voyage_to_Italy=Il mio viaggio in Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Married_Woman=Una donna sposata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Chinoise=La cinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Concrete=Opération béton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Une_femme_coquette=Une femme coquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Story_of_Water=Une histoire d'eau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fidel_(2002_film)=Fidel - La storia di un mito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I.Q._(film)=Genio per amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crying_Out_Love_in_the_Center_of_the_World=Sekai no chūshin de, ai o sakebu (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_Second_(1992_film)=Detective Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Company_(1979_film)=Veloci di mestiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Specialist=Lo specialista (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Men=T-Men contro i fuorilegge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proof_of_Life=Rapimento e riscatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Men_and_a_Cradle=Tre uomini e una culla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deuce_Bigalow:_European_Gigolo=Deuce Bigalow - Puttano in saldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tale_of_Two_Sisters=Two Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Walked_by_Night=Egli camminava nella notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Strada=La strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_City_(film)=Città amara - Fat City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_Can't_Do_It=I fantasmi non possono farlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Summer_of_Love=My Summer of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquamarine_(film)=Aquamarine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lady_Without_Passport=L'amante (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Wave_(1954_film)=La città è spenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Knew_Too_Much_(1934_film)=L'uomo che sapeva troppo (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Knew_Too_Much_(1956_film)=L'uomo che sapeva troppo (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day_in_September=Un giorno a settembre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_the_Dead_(film)=La città dei morti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Desire=La bestia umana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_of_Death=Wake of Death - Scia di morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_of_the_Crab_Monsters=L'assalto dei granchi giganti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_of_This_Earth_(1957_film)=Il vampiro del pianeta rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_the_13th_Part_VIII:_Jason_Takes_Manhattan=Venerdì 13 parte VIII - Incubo a Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_with_Scissors_(film)=Correndo con le forbici in mano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Price_Hollywood%3F=A che prezzo Hollywood?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curse_of_the_Pink_Panther=Pantera Rosa - Il mistero Clouseau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Great_Feeling=L'amore non può attendere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soapdish=Bolle di sapone (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fur_(film)=Fur - Un ritratto immaginario di Diane Arbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juwanna_Mann=Juwanna Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stuff=Stuff - Il gelato che uccide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Office=Palle d'acciaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Dolls_(film)=Bambole russe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cure_(film)=Cure (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky:_No_Time_for_Love=Lucky: No Time for Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumko_Na_Bhool_Paayenge=Tumko Na Bhool Paayenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Fury_(film)=L'urlo della folla (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1984_(1956_film)=Nel 2000 non sorge il sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Underworld_Story=Delitto in prima pagina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquest_(1937_film)=Maria Walewska (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coyote_Ugly_(film)=Le ragazze del Coyote Ugly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tunnel_(2001_film)=Der Tunnel (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrooge_McDuck_and_Money=Paperone e il denaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_the_Pink_Panther=Il figlio della Pantera Rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thomas_Crown_Affair_(1968_film)=Il caso Thomas Crown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thomas_Crown_Affair_(1999_film)=Gioco a due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_like_Heaven_(film)=Se solo fosse vero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Beginners_(film)=Absolute Beginners (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blacula=Blacula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Comfort_(1981_film)=I guerrieri della palude silenziosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Which_Way_You_Can=Fai come ti pare (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D-Tox=D-Tox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_James_(1939_film)=Jess il bandito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Frank_James=Il vendicatore di Jess il bandito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riding_in_Cars_with_Boys=I ragazzi della mia vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Seller=Best Seller (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Country=Vietnam - Verità da dimenticare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General's_Daughter_(film)=La figlia del generale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Friend,_Martin=Il nostro amico Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Relic_(film)=Relic - L'evoluzione del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Goes_to_Hell:_The_Final_Friday=Jason va all'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Mask=La maschera di ferro (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sympathy_for_Mr._Vengeance=Mr. Vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting..._(film)=Waiting...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor_Waltz=Il valzer dell'imperatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crow:_Wicked_Prayer=Il corvo - Preghiera maledetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narc_(film)=Narc - Analisi di un delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Was_a_Crooked_Man...=Uomini e cobra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switching_Goals=Due gemelle nel pallone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Tempt_Me=Nessuna notizia da Dio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rated_X_(film)=Rated X - La vera storia dei re del porno americano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Sun,_Sister_Moon=Fratello sole, sorella luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grizzly_Man=Grizzly Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slightly_Scarlet_(1956_film)=Veneri rosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Comet=La notte della cometa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Self-Destruction_of_Gia=The Self-Destruction of Gia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Kiss_Your_Hand,_Madame=Il bacillo dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiriyakhana=Chiriyakhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disciples_of_the_36th_Chamber=I discepoli della 36ª camera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Sergeant=La grande s...parata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_In_Blood_Out=Patto di sangue (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trash_(1970_film)=Trash - I rifiuti di New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Break-Up=Ti odio, ti lascio, ti...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Cherry_Moon=Under the Cherry Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chumscrubber=Kidnapped - Il rapimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Picture_(1989_film)=Il grande regista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firecreek=L'ora della furia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madigan=Squadra omicidi, sparate a vista!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corky_Romano=Corky Romano - Agente di seconda mano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Ride=Hell Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cassandra_Crossing=Cassandra Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_Our_Dinosaurs_Is_Missing=Il mistero del dinosauro scomparso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syriana=Syriana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invaders_from_Mars_(1953_film)=Gli invasori spaziali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Little_(film)=Stuart Little - Un topolino in gamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Shrinking_Woman=The Incredible Shrinking Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naruto_the_Movie:_Guardians_of_the_Crescent_Moon_Kingdom=Naruto - Il film: I guardiani del Regno della Luna Crescente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_the_Century:_The_Story_of_the_Ramones=End of the Century: The Story of the Ramones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_(1990_film)=The Garden (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_(2005_film)=The Man - La talpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Formula_(1980_film)=La formula (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Dark_Shadows=La casa dei vampiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jazz_Singer_(1980_film)=La febbre del successo - Jazz Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nude_Bomb=The Nude Bomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheena_(film)=Sheena, regina della giungla (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Supper_(1995_film)=Una cena quasi perfetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happiness_of_the_Katakuris=The Happiness of the Katakuris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_First_Sight=At First Sight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prem_Sanyas=Prem Sanyas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_and_the_Black=Scarlatto e nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey's_House_of_Villains=Topolino e i Cattivi Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Right_Moves_(film)=Il ribelle (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crashout=I sanguinari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_and_the_Sorcerer=La spada a tre lame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shootist=Il pistolero (film 1976)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_of_Gamblers_Returns=Azzardo mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_and_His_Mighty_Challenge=Ercole, Sansone, Maciste e Ursus gli invincibili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Flamarion=La fine della signora Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D3:_The_Mighty_Ducks=Ducks - Una squadra a tutto ghiaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Boy_(1929_film)=Sonny Boy (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Over_the_White_House=Gabriel Over the White House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chase_(1946_film)=Incatenata (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_Alibrandi_(film)=Terza generazione (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Swords=Seven Swords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Is_Burning_(film)=Paris Is Burning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_the_Lawgiver=Mosè (miniserie televisiva 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Claus:_The_Movie=La storia di Babbo Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warlock_(1989_film)=Warlock (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Dredd_(film)=Dredd - La legge sono io
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transporter_2=Transporter: Extreme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twelve_Tasks_of_Asterix=Le 12 fatiche di Asterix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimarron_(1931_film)=I pionieri del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimarron_(1960_film)=Cimarron (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_at_Work_(1990_film)=Il giallo del bidone giallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bittersweet_Life=Bittersweet Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Red_Line_(1964_film)=La sottile linea rossa (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_of_New_York_(film)=Il porto di New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Has_a_Thousand_Eyes=La notte ha mille occhi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_7=The Magic 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_for_Scoundrels_(1960_film)=La scuola dei dritti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_(film)=Ben (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Watch=La morte in diretta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Couldn't_Happen_Here=It Couldn't Happen Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inventing_the_Abbotts=Innocenza infranta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croupier_(film)=Il colpo - Analisi di una rapina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Concorde_..._Airport_'79=Airport '80
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sorrow_and_the_Pity=Le chagrin e la pitié
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise:_Blood_Hunter=La setta delle tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_(film)=Yes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenacious_D_in_The_Pick_of_Destiny=Tenacious D e il destino del rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Druids_(film)=Druids - La rivolta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Danny_Rose=Broadway Danny Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Midsummer_Night's_Sex_Comedy=Una commedia sexy in una notte di mezza estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Days=Radio Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_Guys=Due tipi incorreggibili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/September_(1987_film)=Settembre (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firewall_(film)=Firewall - Accesso negato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Proud_Family_Movie=La famiglia Proud - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homicidal=Homicidal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Submarine_(film)=Yellow Submarine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fateless_(film)=Senza destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_So_Lovely=She's So Lovely - Così carina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_Turn_(1997_film)=U Turn - Inversione di marcia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Fine_Day_(film)=Un giorno... per caso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Rage=Terrore in città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Crazy=Still Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Helen's_Escapade=Lady Helen's Escapade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_People=Maschere di celluloide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Omen_(2006_film)=Omen - Il presagio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_Masala=Mississippi Masala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proof_(2005_film)=Proof - La prova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashes_and_Diamonds_(film)=Cenere e diamanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vampire_Lovers=Vampiri amanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baazigar=Baazigar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1942:_A_Love_Story=1942: A Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_My_Eyes=Ti do i miei occhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_4th_Floor_(2003_film)=Quarto piano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldiers_of_Salamina_(film)=Soldados de Salamina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Best_Fiend=Kinski, il mio nemico più caro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_(1934_film)=La sedia elettrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Squall_(film)=L'Albatross - Oltre la tempesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Escape_(1994_film)=Fuga da Absolom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Gate_Crossing=Incrocio d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_of_the_Giants=Village of the Giants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riot_on_Sunset_Strip=La ragazza dalla calda pelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Party_at_Kitty_and_Stud's=Porno proibito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birth_of_the_Beatles=La nascita dei Beatles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Deadly_Venoms=Le furie umane del kung fu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driven=Driven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/48_Hrs.=48 ore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factotum_(film)=Factotum (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Bart_(film)=Dietro la maschera (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Science_Project=Ritorno alla quarta dimensione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_to_the_King=Addio al re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nacho_Libre=Super Nacho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondays_in_the_Sun=I lunedì al sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_City_Without_Limits=The City of No Limits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Lives_(1957_film)=Nove vite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Riders=I cavalieri dalle lunghe ombre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Moon_Junction=Congiunzione di due lune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderwall_(film)=Onyricon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swept_from_the_Sea=Lo straniero che venne dal mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volga-Volga=Volga, Volga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roma_(2004_film)=Roma (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiovivo_c._1950=Tiovivo c. 1950
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Doom=La porta dell'inferno (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello,_Frisco,_Hello=Vecchia San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifteen_and_Pregnant=Quindici anni e incinta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_the_Clown_Cried=The Day the Clown Cried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Wolf_McQuade=Una magnum per McQuade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fan_(1996_film)=The Fan - Il mito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wifemistress=Mogliamante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_(1968_film)=Flesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fountain=The Fountain - L'albero della vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Must_Love_Dogs=Partnerperfetto.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_of_the_Eagle=Il volo dell'aquila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_(1939_film)=La signora di mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_One_(1969_film)=Number One (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_End_All_Wars=Fight for Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Police_Story=New Police Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britannia_Hospital=Britannia Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fata_Morgana_(1971_film)=Fata Morgana (film 1971)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Confessional=Il confessionale (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Knew_Too_Little=L'uomo che sapeva troppo poco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palindromes_(film)=Palindromes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaala_Patthar=Kaala Patthar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Century_of_Cinema=A Century of Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_of_a_Chinese_Bookie=L'assassinio di un allibratore cinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike's_New_Car=La nuova macchina di Mike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maze_(1953_film)=Il labirinto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Challenge_(2003_film)=Due gemelle quasi famose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitter_Rice=Riso amaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_Royale_(1967_film)=James Bond 007 - Casino Royale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stepford_Wives_(1975_film)=La fabbrica delle mogli (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_John_Doe=Arriva John Doe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avenging_Angelo=Avenging Angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Light_(film)=Half Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill_(film)=Silent Hill (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/300_(film)=300 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zapped!=Zapped! - Il college più sballato d'America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godfather=Il padrino (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhapsody_in_August=Rapsodia in agosto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_It_Again,_Sam_(film)=Provaci ancora, Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hera_Pheri_(2000_film)=Hera Pheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comfort_and_Joy_(1984_film)=Comfort and Joy (film 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_Ruff=Tyco il terribile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Mill=Il vecchio mulino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/28_Days_(film)=28 giorni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Herzog_Eats_His_Shoe=Werner Herzog Eats His Shoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showtime_(film)=Showtime (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distant_Thunder_(1988_film)=Ultimi echi di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullmetal_Alchemist_the_Movie:_Conqueror_of_Shamballa=Il conquistatore di Shamballa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omen_III:_The_Final_Conflict=Conflitto finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_Lady_Down=Salvate il Gray Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Tail:_The_Treasure_of_Manhattan_Island=Fievel - Il tesoro dell'isola di Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Tail:_The_Mystery_of_the_Night_Monster=Fievel - Il mistero del mostro della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Connection_II=Il braccio violento della legge Nº 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Comes_to_Frogtown=Apocalisse a Frogtown - La città delle rane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empress_Chung=Wanghu Sim Cheong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_(2004_film)=Due cuccioli nella savana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigerland=Tigerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Games=La casa dei giochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.R.A.Z.Y.=C.R.A.Z.Y.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twelve_Chairs_(1970_film)=Il mistero delle dodici sedie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentine_(film)=Valentine - Appuntamento con la morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weather_Man=The Weather Man - L'uomo delle previsioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_le_flambeur=Bob il giocatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Homicide=Hollywood Homicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Knew_Too_Much_(1963_film)=La ragazza che sapeva troppo (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Soon_the_Darkness=Il mostro della strada di campagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whip_and_the_Body=La frusta e il corpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sunday_(1960_film)=La maschera del demonio (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Cigars_(film)=La gang dei bassotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horrible_Dr._Hichcock=L'orribile segreto del dr. Hichcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletch_(film)=Fletch - Un colpo da prima pagina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vice_Squad_(1982_film)=Police Station: Turno di notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outskirts_(1998_film)=Okraina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_(1991_film)=Effetto allucinante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Movie_4=Scary Movie 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troops_(film)=Troops (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Wendy=Dear Wendy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawn_Dogs=Lawn Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_in_the_Streets=Quattordici o guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Jekyll_and_Mr._Hyde_(1941_film)=Il dottor Jekyll e Mr. Hyde (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremors_2:_Aftershocks=Tremors 2: Aftershocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_Without_a_Face=Occhi senza volto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_(1931_film)=Mary (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumor_Has_It_(film)=Vizi di famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Light=Luci d'inverno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakes_the_Clown=Shakes the Clown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jackson's_Ghosts=Michael Jackson's Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_Gordon=Flesh Gordon - Andata e ritorno... dal pianeta Porno!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_for_an_Insomniac=Il sogno di Frankie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_in_Revolt=Women in Revolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swamp_Women=Le donne della palude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigada=Brigada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prom_Night_(1980_film)=Non entrate in quella casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_Art=Fallen Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_China_and_America=C'era una volta in Cina e in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_2=Il fratello grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Cercle_Rouge=I senza nome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futureworld=Futureworld - 2000 anni nel futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazaaron_Khwaishein_Aisi=Hazaaron Khwaishein Aisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_with_Dick_and_Jane_(1977_film)=Non rubare... se non è strettamente necessario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghoulies=Ghoulies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Autumn_Afternoon=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel_Story_of_Youth=Racconto crudele della giovinezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scout_(film)=Un colpo da campione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_(1997_film)=Brother (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Carol:_The_Movie=Canto di Natale - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolver_(2005_film)=Revolver (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bush_Christmas=Natale nel bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_(1981_film)=Lola (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Flash_(film)=Royal Flash - L'eroico fifone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maachis=Maachis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd's_of_London_(film)=I Lloyds di Londra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimes_at_Midnight=Falstaff (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Twist_(2005_film)=Oliver Twist (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_Is_Bleeding=Triplo gioco (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keys_to_Tulsa=Keys to Tulsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalsaghar=La sala della musica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_World_(1925_film)=Il mondo perduto (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahanagar=La grande città (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critters_2:_The_Main_Course=Critters 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Box_(2009_film)=The Box (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critters_3=Critters 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critters_4=Critters 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarhead_(film)=Jarhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parash_Pathar=La pietra filosofale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Undead_(film)=La sopravvissuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nayak_(1966_film)=Nayak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Unfinished_Life=Il vento del perdono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_(2006_film)=Paradiso + Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fist_of_Legend=Fist of Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_There,_It's_Yogi_Bear!=Yogi, Cindy e Bubu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhoom_2=Dhoom 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyborg_(film)=Cyborg (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Christina_(film)=La regina Cristina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analyze_That=Un boss sotto stress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terror_(1963_film)=La vergine di cera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_by_Suspicion=Indiziato di reato - Guilty by Suspicion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Crusoe_(1997_film)=Robinson Crusoe (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Na_Tum_Jaano_Na_Hum=Na Tum Jaano Na Hum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Saath-Saath_Hain=Hum Saath-Saath Hain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tart_(film)=Tart - Sesso, droga e... college
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_and_Delirious=L'altra metà dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blob_(1988_film)=Blob - Il fluido che uccide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_(film)=L'alieno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigsty_(film)=Porcile (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ministry_of_Fear=Il prigioniero del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilo_&_Stitch_2:_Stitch_Has_a_Glitch=Lilo & Stitch 2 - Che disastro Stitch!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Overboard=Going Overboard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_of_Terror=S.O.S. i mostri uccidono ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Double_(film)=Un generale e mezzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_III:_The_Time_of_the_Great_Giving=Alla ricerca della Valle Incantata 3 - Il mistero della sorgente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_and_the_Crazy=Cool and the Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coonskin_(film)=Coonskin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_and_Me=Il mio amico Mac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trancers=Trancers - Corsa nel tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anderson_Platoon=La Section Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magician_(1958_film)=Il volto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Leaf=Le foglie d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabhi_Haan_Kabhi_Naa=Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_King_of_Scotland_(film)=L'ultimo re di Scozia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Down_to_Rio=Carioca (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Cause_(film)=La giusta causa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Game_(film)=Mind Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Center_of_the_World=The Center of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_the_World_(1916_film)=Verdens undergang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_the_Lost=Timbuctù (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Palace,_West_Palace=Dong gong xi gong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heroic_Trio=The Heroic Trio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowers_of_Shanghai=Hai shang hua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_South,_Goodbye=Nan guo zai jan, nan guo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Men,_Good_Women=Good Men, Good Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Creeps=Dimensione terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Rainbow=Oltre l'arcobaleno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_Behind:_World_at_War=Gli esclusi - Il mondo in guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_in_the_Show=Charlot a teatro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cookie_(film)=Cookie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dersu_Uzala_(1961_film)=Dersu Uzala (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Britain=Made in Britain (film TV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Jekyll_and_Sister_Hyde=Barbara, il mostro di Londra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Impossible_Voyage=Viaggio attraverso l'impossibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Dundee=Sierra Charriba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proteus_(2003_film)=Proteus (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Ange=Saint Ange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilies_(film)=Lilies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Rock_West=Red Rock West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunston_Checks_In=Dunston - Licenza di ridere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_of_Love_(film)=Seduzione pericolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Paint_or_Make_Love=Incontri d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wayward_Cloud=Il gusto dell'anguria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serial_Lover=Serial Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cranes_Are_Flying=Quando volano le cicogne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Satanic_Rites_of_Dracula=I satanici riti di Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pawnshop=Charlot usuraio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Floorwalker=Charlot caporeparto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Sea_(1915_film)=Charlot alla spiaggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Jitney_Elopement=Charlot prende moglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pilgrim_(1923_film)=Il pellegrino (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bond=The Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_the_13th:_The_Final_Chapter=Venerdì 13 - Capitolo finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_the_13th_Part_VII:_The_New_Blood=Venerdì 13 parte VII - Il sangue scorre di nuovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tramp_(film)=Charlot ortolano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_A.M._(1916_film)=Charlot rientra tardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Count_(film)=Charlot conte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_World_Apart_(film)=Un mondo a parte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_(1916_film)=Charlot ladro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trees_Lounge=Mosche da bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Factory=Animal Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lulu_on_the_Bridge=Lulu on the Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom-Yum-Goong=The Protector - La legge del Muay Thai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_City_(film)=Carovana d'eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Guys=I poliziotti di riserva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamera_vs._Jiger=Kinkong - L'impero dei draghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_(1977_film)=Io sono il più grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supercross_(film)=Supercross (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebound_(2005_film)=Un allenatore in palla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underclassman=Detective a due ruote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Rode_Together=Cavalcarono insieme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nearing_Grace=Nearing Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_of_My_Youth=Capitan Harlock - L'Arcadia della mia giovinezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandal_(1950_film)=Scandalo (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day's_Pleasure=Una giornata di vacanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoulder_Arms=Charlot soldato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dog's_Life=Vita da cani (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunnyside_(film)=Charlot in campagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fable_of_Elvira_and_Farina_and_the_Meal_Ticket=The Fable of Elvira and Farina and the Meal Ticket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rink_(film)=Charlot al pattinaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror_Train=Terror Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youngblood_(1986_film)=Spalle larghe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Week_(1920_film)=Una settimana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_and_the_Invisibles=Arthur e il popolo dei Minimei (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thieves'_Highway=I corsari della strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady,_Let's_Dance=Lady, Let's Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chisum=Chisum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Lode_(film)=La campana ha suonato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Caesar_(1953_film)=Giulio Cesare (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Me_Softly_(film)=Killing Me Softly - Uccidimi dolcemente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Web_(film)=Passione che uccide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_of_a_Kind_(1951_film)=Ai confini del delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Beyond_the_Door=Dietro la porta chiusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_and_Ice_(1983_film)=Fire and Ice - Fuoco e ghiaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woods_(2006_film)=Il mistero del bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alzheimer_Case=De zaak Alzheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_(film)=The World - Shijie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocent_Steps=Dance-ui sunjeong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_(1932_film)=Pioggia (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinocroc=Dinocroc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_on_the_Roof=L'uomo sul tetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_Dead_End=Batman: Dead End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Park=Charlot nel parco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crimson_Pirate=Il corsaro dell'isola verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Wish!_(film)=You Wish! - Attenzione ai desideri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bank_(1915_film)=Charlot inserviente di banca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idle_Class=Charlot e la maschera di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Trouble_(1918_film)=Charlot nei guai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Work_(film)=Charlot apprendista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Hunt=Caccia selvaggia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Femme_Fatale_(2002_film)=Femme fatale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krush_Groove=Krush Groove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crocodile_Dundee_in_Los_Angeles=Crocodile Dundee 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loser_(film)=American School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_Home_(2002_film)=Jib-euro...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventure_of_Sherlock_Holmes'_Smarter_Brother=Il fratello più furbo di Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flamingo_Road_(film)=Viale Flamingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debating_Robert_Lee=Debating Robert Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zandalee=Zandalee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_Girl_(film)=Fascino (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_of_Night=Il colore della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanussen_(1988_film)=La notte dei maghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk,_Don't_Run=Cammina, non correre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platform_(2000_film)=Platform (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closely_Watched_Trains=Treni strettamente sorvegliati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Holiday_(2006_film)=L'ultima vacanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Illusionist_(2006_film)=The Illusionist - L'illusionista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madea's_Family_Reunion=Riunione di famiglia con pallottole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exorcism_of_Emily_Rose=The Exorcism of Emily Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Agony_and_the_Ecstasy_(film)=Il tormento e l'estasi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Neanderthal_Man=The Neanderthal Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaceways=Viaggio nell'interspazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_Picasso=Surviving Picasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Cyclops=Dr. Cyclops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gathering_of_Eagles=La veglia delle aquile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Bother_to_Knock=La tua bocca brucia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beowulf_(2007_film)=La leggenda di Beowulf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Shepherd_(film)=The Good Shepherd - L'ombra del potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountains_of_the_Moon_(film)=Le montagne della luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Vice_(film)=Miami Vice (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Soup=Nekojiru-sō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evan_Almighty=Un'impresa da Dio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giant_Spider_Invasion=L'invasione dei ragni giganti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Pie_(film)=American Pie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Limping_Man_(1953_film)=The Limping Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuyasha_the_Movie:_Swords_of_an_Honorable_Ruler=Inuyasha the Movie - La spada del dominatore del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pink_Panther_(2006_film)=La Pantera Rosa (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snoop_Dogg's_Doggystyle=Snoop Dogg's Doggystyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dough_and_Dynamite=Charlot panettiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Kings=La notte non aspetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roll_Bounce=Roll Bounce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuyasha_the_Movie:_The_Castle_Beyond_the_Looking_Glass=Inuyasha the Movie - Il castello al di là dello specchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Triumph_of_Hercules=Il trionfo di Ercole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Trouble_(1994_film)=Inviati molto speciali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_Against_the_Moon_Men=Maciste e la regina di Samar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parineeta_(2005_film)=Parineeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man,_a_Real_One=Un homme, un vrai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outrageous!=Outrageous!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordy=Gordy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Days=Gli ultimi giorni (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepi,_Luci,_Bom=Pepi, Luci, Bom e le altre ragazze del mucchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Head_of_Janus=La testa di Giano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Love_or_Money_(1993_film)=Amore con interessi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_of_the_Wolf=Il tempo dei lupi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colour_Me_Kubrick=Colour Me Kubrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Stinks_(film)=Love Stinks (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollover_(film)=Il volto dei potenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highwaymen_(film)=Highwaymen - I banditi della strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saragossa_Manuscript_(film)=Il manoscritto trovato a Saragozza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Women=8 donne e un mistero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Million_B.C.=Sul sentiero dei mostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantasm_II=Fantasmi II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hucksters=I trafficanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Mr._Marshall!=Benvenuto, Mister Marshall!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murmur_of_the_Heart=Soffio al cuore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idiocracy=Idiocracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Men_and_a_Little_Lady=Tre scapoli e una bimba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziegfeld_Follies_(film)=Ziegfeld Follies (film 1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salome_of_the_Tenements=Salome of the Tenements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Stella_Got_Her_Groove_Back=Benvenuta in Paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Pie_Presents:_Band_Camp=American Pie Presents: Band Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Triangle_Factory_Fire_Scandal=The Triangle Factory Fire Scandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_Love_(film)=The Truth About Love (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_to_Lose_(1997_film)=Niente da perdere (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pink_Panther_(1963_film)=La Pantera Rosa (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Border_Incident=Mercanti di uomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leatherface:_The_Texas_Chainsaw_Massacre_III=Non aprite quella porta - Parte 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Traffic=Human Traffic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Little_Things=Zombies - La vendetta degli innocenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny_(1921_film)=Destino (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlander:_The_Search_for_Vengeance=Highlander: Vendetta immortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Forest=C'era una volta nella foresta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paycheck_(film)=Paycheck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshis'=Takeshis'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Yokai_War=The Great Yokai War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dust=Red Dust (disambigua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_World=Jurassic World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fighting_69th=I fucilieri delle Argonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tai-Pan_(film)=Tai-Pan (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Rich_or_Die_Tryin'_(film)=Get Rich or Die Tryin' (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_IV:_Journey_Through_the_Mists=Alla ricerca della Valle Incantata 4 - La terra delle nebbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cowboys=I cowboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You'll_Never_Get_Rich=L'inarrivabile felicità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Rescue=Polizia squadra soccorso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel_Intentions_2=Cruel Intentions 2 - Non illudersi mai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tin_Star=Il segno della legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_(1997_film)=Uno sbirro tuttofare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_2772=L'uccello di fuoco 2772
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_(1991_film)=Oscar - Un fidanzato per due figlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_in_Year_Zero!=Il giorno dopo la fine del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Name_of_the_King=In the Name of the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/16_Years_of_Alcohol=16 Years of Alcohol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sake_Bombs_and_Happy_Endings=Sake Bombs and Happy Endings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Murder_Man=Ultime notizie (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry:_The_Magic_Ring=Tom & Jerry e l'anello incantato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabesque_(1966_film)=Arabesque (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Claw=L'artiglio scarlatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caged_Heat=Femmine in gabbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pearl_of_Death=Sherlock Holmes e la perla della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterboys_(film)=Water Boys (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Single_White_Female=Inserzione pericolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Steel_Claw_(film)=I guerriglieri dell'arcipelago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Honor=Secret Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dressed_to_Kill_(1941_film)=Michael Shayne e l'enigma della maschera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drowning_Pool_(film)=Detective Harper: acqua alla gola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dying_Young=Scelta d'amore - La storia di Hilary e Victor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Business_(1988_film)=Affari d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_(1996_theatrical_film)=Emma (film 1996 McGrath)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein_Unbound=Frankenstein oltre le frontiere del tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkeybone=Monkeybone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sbirri=Sbirri (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassination_of_Jesse_James_by_the_Coward_Robert_Ford=L'assassinio di Jesse James per mano del codardo Robert Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boudu_Saved_from_Drowning=Boudu salvato dalle acque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vengeance_Is_Mine_(1979_film)=La vendetta è mia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Fight_(2004_film)=Born to Fight - Nati per combattere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Getaway_(1994_film)=Getaway (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Villain_(1979_film)=Jack del Cactus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadosh=Kadosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kippur=Kippur (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tao_of_Steve=The Tao of Steve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Wings_(film)=Knafayim Shvurot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alila=Alila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kedma_(film)=Verso oriente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RKO_281=RKO 281 - La vera storia di Quarto potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_War=Lord of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Producers_(2005_film)=The Producers - Una gaia commedia neonazista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_About_My_Folks=Ricomincio da me (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Truth_Lies=False verità (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_Wolf_(2005_film)=Nickname: Enigmista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_on_Top=Per incanto o per delizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photographing_Fairies=Fotografando i fantasmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita,_Sue_and_Bob_Too=Rita, Sue e Bob in più
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hazards_of_Helen=The Hazards of Helen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre_(1996_film)=Jane Eyre (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre_(1943_film)=La porta proibita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre_(1970_film)=Jane Eyre nel castello dei Rochester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre_(1983_TV_serial)=Jane Eyre (miniserie televisiva 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_and_Prejudice_(1940_film)=Orgoglio e pregiudizio (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Air_Up_There=Che aria tira lassù?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_White_as_in_Snow=As White as in Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man's_Favorite_Sport%3F=Lo sport preferito dall'uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evita_(1996_film)=Evita (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kontroll=Kontroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_(2005_film)=Water - Il coraggio di amare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Were_Never_Lovelier=Non sei mai stata così bella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zodiac_(film)=Zodiac (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyaasa=Sete eterna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fiend_Who_Walked_the_West=Duello a Forte Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eros_(film)=Eros (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Don't_Live_Here_Anymore=I giochi dei grandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Alpagueur=Lo sparviero (film 1976)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Maiden=La vergine di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burmese_Harp_(1956_film)=L'arpa birmana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desire_(1921_film)=Nostalgia (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaan-E-Mann=Jaan-E-Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Night,_and_Good_Luck=Good Night, and Good Luck.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duellists=I duellanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meatballs_Part_II=Meatballs 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_Zen=Sex and Zen - Il tappeto da preghiera di carne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Real_(film)=Vite nascoste (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fugitive_(1947_film)=La croce di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Man_(film)=L'uomo meraviglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Firemen's_Ball=Fuoco ragazza mia!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Rising=Deep Rising - Presenze dal profondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jail_Bait_(1954_film)=Jail Bait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicksand_(1950_film)=Sabbie mobili (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Man's_Hero=Un uomo un eroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Rose_(film)=Audrey Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_an_Invisible_Man_(film)=Avventure di un uomo invisibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Canyon_(1991_film)=Grand Canyon - Il cuore della città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Giants=Piccoli campioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuffs=Poliziotto in blue jeans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smurfs_(film)=I Puffi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_and_the_Devil=La carne e il diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinky_Boots_(film)=Kinky Boots - Decisamente diversi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Shave=La grande rasatura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_Man_Returns=Il ritorno dell'uomo invisibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Married_a_Monster_from_Outer_Space=Ho sposato un mostro venuto dallo spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_13th_Letter=La penna rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reckless_Moment=Sgomento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devi_(1960_film)=Devi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aranyer_Din_Ratri=Aranyer Din Ratri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hole_(1998_film)=The Hole - Il buco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Time_Is_It_There%3F=Che ora è laggiù?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghare_Baire_(film)=La casa e il mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Night,_Deadly_Night_Part_2=Silent Night, Deadly Night Part 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voces_inocentes=I figli della guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Long,_Stooge=Ciao amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Without_a_Face=L'uomo senza volto (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_in_Action_(film)=Rombo di tuono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_Woman_(1940_film)=La donna invisibile (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Dinosaurs_Ruled_the_Earth=Quando i dinosauri si mordevano la coda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Hospitality=La legge dell'ospitalità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bollywood/Hollywood=Bollywood/Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drunken_Master_II=Drunken Master 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapa-Nui_(film)=Rapa Nui (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poseidon_(film)=Poseidon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quigley_Down_Under=Carabina Quigley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheba,_Baby=Sheba, Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible_Agent=Joe l'inafferrabile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Secrets_of_the_Ya-Ya_Sisterhood_(film)=I sublimi segreti delle Ya-Ya sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_House_(film)=Monster House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Traveling_Saleslady=Vita di una commessa viaggiatrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Myth_(film)=The Myth - Il risveglio di un eroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Wheel_(film)=Duetto a tre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_of_Fortune_(1955_film)=L'avventuriero di Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curious_George_(film)=Curioso come George (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte's_Web_(2006_film)=La tela di Carlotta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unsuspected=L'alibi di Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Below=8 amici da salvare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shaggy_Dog_(2006_film)=Shaggy Dog - Papà che abbaia... non morde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Cruise=Tiger Cruise - Missione crociera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Antoinette_(2006_film)=Marie Antoinette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sky's_the_Limit_(1943_film)=Non ti posso dimenticare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Kathlyn=The Adventures of Kathlyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Won't_Believe_Me=Nessuno mi crederà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Whoopee=Agli ordini di sua altezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ring_Virus=Ring (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juggernaut_(1974_film)=Juggernaut (film 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_and_Costello_Meet_the_Invisible_Man=Gianni e Pinotto contro l'uomo invisibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sun=Sole rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Creek_(film)=Wolf Creek (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Dahlia_(film)=Black Dahlia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_44=Moon 44 - Attacco alla fortezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernova_(2000_film)=Supernova (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Lady=La danza di Venere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_at_1600=Murder at 1600 - Delitto alla Casa Bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_Story=La carovana del luna park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Android_(film)=Android - Molto più che umano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moontrap=Moontrap - Destinazione Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Crisis_(film)=Solar Crisis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howling_III=Howling III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satan_Met_a_Lady=Satan Met a Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Boat_(1936_film)=La canzone di Magnolia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_False_Move=Qualcuno sta per morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhaji_on_the_Beach=Picnic alla spiaggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Carol_(1984_film)=Una favola fantastica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biwi_No.1=Biwi No.1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unholy_Wife=Furia infernale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Noah's_Ark_Principle=1997 - Il principio dell'arca di Noè
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Benchwarmers=Gli scaldapanchina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_in_Heaven=Nudi in paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tale_of_Two_Cities_(1911_film)=A Tale of Two Cities (film 1911)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Filth_and_the_Fury=Oscenità e furore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurry_Sundown_(film)=E venne la notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sniper_(1952_film)=Nessuno mi salverà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_and_the_City_(1992_film)=La notte e la città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Entertainment,_Part_II=Hollywood... Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranoiac_(film)=Il rifugio dei dannati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_(1964_film)=L'incubo di Janet Lind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roswell_(film)=Roswell (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_the_Streets_of_Moscow=A zonzo per Mosca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_Red_(1984_film)=La signora in rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Sugar_(2002_film)=Brown Sugar (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Village,_Pretty_Flame=Lepa sela lepo gore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardes_(film)=Pardes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Kiss=Il bacio perverso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_the_Butler=Bob - Un maggiordomo tutto fare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brokedown_Palace=Bangkok, senza ritorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_9=House of 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatie_Danielle=Zia Angelina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_Bridge_(1940_film)=Il ponte di Waterloo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_a_Long_Quiet_River=La vita è un lungo fiume tranquillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happiness_Is_in_the_Field=La felicità è dietro l'angolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clash:_Westway_to_the_World=Westway to the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson_City_(film)=Nevada Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XChange_(film)=X Change - Scambio di corpi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_NIMH_2:_Timmy_to_the_Rescue=Il segreto di NIMH 2 - Timmy alla riscossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_of_Love_(film)=Il piacere e l'amore (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creature_(1985_film)=Creature - Il mistero della prima luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopps=Kops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powder_(film)=Powder - Un incontro straordinario con un altro essere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_Against_O'Hara=Omertà (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_and_Mike=Lui e lei (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_the_Bed=L'altro lato del letto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keys_to_the_House=Le chiavi di casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Sawyer_(2000_film)=Tom Sawyer (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watermelon_Man_(film)=L'uomo caffelatte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Emperor_Leo=Kimba - La leggenda del leone bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mon_oncle_Benjamin=Mio zio Beniamino, l'uomo dal mantello rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brasher_Doubloon=La moneta insanguinata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peppermint_Candy=Bakhasatang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathfinder_(1987_film)=L'arciere di ghiaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicide_Club_(film)=Suicide Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Lee_and_I=Io... Bruce Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alles_auf_Zucker!=Zucker!... come diventare ebreo in 7 giorni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_in_Lavender=Ladies in Lavender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Chainsaw_Massacre:_The_Next_Generation=Non aprite quella porta IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Chienne=La cagna (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Girls_Don't_Cry_(film)=Big Girls Don't Cry - La vita comincia oggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/License_to_Drive=Licenza di guida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Line=Non prendete quel metrò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Direction_Home=No Direction Home: Bob Dylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories_of_Murder=Memories of Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil_Hai_Tumhaara=Dil Hai Tumhaara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Over_Miami_(film)=Appuntamento a Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brick_(film)=Brick - Dose mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oasis_(2002_film)=Oasis (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memento_(film)=Memento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trojan_War_(film)=Safe Sex - Tutto in una notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Wedding=Sua Altezza si sposa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Express=Il treno ferma a Berlino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Scorpion_(film)=Lo scorpione nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathalie...=Nathalie...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolshevism_on_Trial=Bolshevism on Trial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Momma's_House_2=FBI: Operazione tata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happily_N'Ever_After=Cenerentola e gli 007 nani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prophecy_3:_The_Ascent=La profezia (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prophecy_II=L'angelo del male (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea_Hijack=Attacco: piattaforma Jennifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Good_Deed_(2002_film)=No Good Deed - Inganni svelati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11:14=Ore 11:14 - Destino fatale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_the_Man=She's the Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_with_Dick_and_Jane_(2005_film)=Dick & Jane - Operazione furto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy,_Texas_(film)=Happy, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Story_2=Police Story 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goal!_(film)=Goal! (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.F.W.=S.F.W. - So Fucking What
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulholland_Falls=Scomodi omicidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accused_of_Murder=I gangster non perdonano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idle_Hands=Giovani diavoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shame_(1968_film)=La vergogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirikou_and_the_Sorceress=Kirikù e la strega Karabà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnie_the_Pooh_and_the_Honey_Tree=Winny-Puh l'orsetto goloso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnie_the_Pooh_and_the_Blustery_Day=Troppo vento per Winny-Puh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnie_the_Pooh_and_Tigger_Too=Tigro e Winny-Puh a tu per tu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlito's_Way:_Rise_to_Power=Carlito's Way - Scalata al potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_Ray_(1936_film)=Il raggio invisibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Kanya=Tre sorelle (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aitraaz=Aitraaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Linguini_Incident=The Linguini Incident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_on_a_Match=Three on a Match
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_2:_On_the_Rocks=Arturo 2: On the Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Wall=Il muro di vetro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_on_the_Run=Il mistero del marito scomparso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenfingers=Pollice verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_American_Virgin=L'ultima vergine americana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Midnight_Kiss=Il bacio di mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troll_2=Troll 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolero_(1984_film)=Bolero Extasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis,_the_Lost_Continent=Atlantide, il continente perduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_the_Jury_(1982_film)=Io, la giuria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Sixteen_(2002_film)=Sweet Sixteen (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_and_Peace_(film_series)=Guerra e pace (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Because_You're_Mine=Da quando sei mia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_Happy_Alexander=Alexandre... un uomo felice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holiday=L'amore non va in vacanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Firm_(1989_film)=The Firm (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_in_the_Sun_(film)=Holiday in the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_the_Attic=Una mano nell'ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auto_Focus=Auto Focus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Women=Tre donne (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeping_Mum=La famiglia omicidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_Santa=Alla ricerca di Babbo Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foodfight!=Foodfight!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cider_House_Rules_(film)=Le regole della casa del sidro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_with_the_Wind_(film)=Via col vento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kubrick:_A_Life_in_Pictures=Stanley Kubrick: A Life in Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_(film)=Prime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Isle=L'isola (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horror_Express=Horror Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Soldiers_(2001_film)=Buffalo Soldiers (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everlasting_Regret=Changhen ge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Batman_vs._Dracula=Batman contro Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prestige_(film)=The Prestige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnyard_(film)=Barnyard - Il cortile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison_Ivy_II:_Lily=La mia peggiore amica 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Diggers_of_1933=La danza delle luci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surf's_Up_(film)=Surf's Up - I re delle onde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Basketball=Love & Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadja_(film)=Nadja (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Face_(2004_film)=Salvare la faccia (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Shoes_(2005_film)=The Red Shoes (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_(2002_film)=They - Incubi dal mondo delle ombre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bow_(film)=L'arco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Christmas_(film)=Bianco Natale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wreck:_In_the_Pirkinning=Star Wreck: In the Pirkinning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Escaped=Un condannato a morte è fuggito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grindhouse_(film)=Grindhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Son=Nobel Son - Un colpo da Nobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_(1996_film)=Solo (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_That_Time_Forgot_(1975_film)=La terra dimenticata dal tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_Ahead=La via della gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Quigley=Agenzia omicidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_&_Iris=Lettere d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Corn_II:_The_Final_Sacrifice=Grano rosso sangue II - Sacrificio finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Machine_(1960_film)=L'uomo che visse nel futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_of_Laura_Mars=Occhi di Laura Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Geisha=La mia geisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Falls_on_Manhattan=Prove apparenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Like_Happiness=Una cosa chiamata felicità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunchaser=Verso il sole (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punisher:_War_Zone=Punisher - Zona di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goddess_of_1967=La dea del '67
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery,_Alaska=Mistery, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_White_(1916_film)=Snow White (film 1916 Dawley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Corn_III:_Urban_Harvest=Grano rosso sangue 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snakes_on_a_Plane=Snakes on a Plane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cup_(1999_film)=La coppa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Wonderland_(1999_film)=Alice nel Paese delle Meraviglie (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Wonderland_(1903_film)=Alice in Wonderland (film 1903)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_NeverEnding_Story_(film)=La storia infinita (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xtro=Xtro - Attacco alla Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Desert_Fox:_The_Story_of_Rommel=Rommel, la volpe del deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Moon=Bad Moon - Luna mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Days=Dva dnja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Springs_(2003_film)=Hope Springs (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_at_Wembley=Live at Wembley Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Hopes_(1988_film)=Belle speranze (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_Days_(film)=Giorni contati - End of Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grey_Zone=La zona grigia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_(film)=Nothing (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_(film)=The Burning (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_on_the_Edge_of_the_Park=La casa sperduta nel parco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannibal_Ferox=Cannibal Ferox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_Deep_(1989_film)=Skin Deep - Il piacere è tutto mio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouchette=Mouchette - Tutta la vita in una notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knightriders=Knightriders - I cavalieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita_Drifts_in_the_Universe=Doraemon: Nobita no uchū hyōryūki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAQ:_Frequently_Asked_Questions=FAQ: Frequently Asked Questions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeymoon_in_Vegas=Mi gioco la moglie... a Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Country_Priest=Il diario di un curato di campagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Reel_Awards=Black Reel Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samurai_Rebellion=L'ultimo samurai (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_Daze=Aule turbolente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannathil_Muthamittal=Kannathil Muthamittal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onibaba_(film)=Onibaba - Le assassine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Heart_Is_(1990_film)=Dalla parte del cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twitches_(film)=Twitches - Gemelle streghelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Driver's_Seat_(film)=Identikit (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Dance_(1996_film)=Difesa ad oltranza - Last Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vital_(film)=Vital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Dog_and_Glory=Lo sbirro, il boss e la bionda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Team_(film)=Double Team - Gioco di squadra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bee_Movie=Bee Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyone's_Hero=Piccolo grande eroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Click_(2006_film)=Cambia la tua vita con un click
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Silence=Il grande silenzio (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Name:_The_Cleaner=Nome in codice: Cleaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Redl=Il colonnello Redl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_(film)=Ludwig (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Tsunami=Johnny Tsunami - Un surfista sulla neve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Lucky_Dog=Una fortuna da cani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_(1983_film)=Eureka (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Task_Force_(film)=Aquile dal mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Beautiful_for_You=Troppo bella per te!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeons_&_Dragons:_Wrath_of_the_Dragon_God=Dungeons & Dragons 2: Wrath of the Dragon God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonnenallee=Sonnenallee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Called_Twist=Boy Called Twist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jewel_of_the_Nile=Il gioiello del Nilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uptown_Saturday_Night=Uptown Saturday Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Your_Consideration_(film)=For Your Consideration (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Ship=The Ghost Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_the_Ants_(film)=L'impero delle termiti giganti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Punisher_(1989_film)=Il vendicatore (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Punisher_(2004_film)=The Punisher (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bambi_II=Bambi 2 - Bambi e il Grande Principe della foresta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvatore_Giuliano_(film)=Salvatore Giuliano (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Clouseau_(film)=L'infallibile ispettore Clouseau?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_in_Paradise=Ruby in paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Man_(1999_film)=The Best Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Drive_by_Night=Strada maestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Entertainer_(film)=Gli sfasati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grind_(2003_film)=Grind (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Hood=Tales from the Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheats_(film)=Cheats (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Enemy_Hands_(film)=U-429 - Senza via di fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playtime=Play Time - Tempo di divertimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Sarajevo=Benvenuti a Sarajevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talladega_Nights:_The_Ballad_of_Ricky_Bobby=Ricky Bobby - La storia di un uomo che sapeva contare fino a uno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kickboxer_(1989_film)=Kickboxer - Il nuovo guerriero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Zombie=I, Zombie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Beaucaire_(1924_film)=Monsieur Beaucaire (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Balboa_(film)=Rocky Balboa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_or_Something_Like_It=Una vita quasi perfetta (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmetto_(film)=Palmetto - Un torbido inganno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whispering_City=Il passato è sempre presente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Programme_(film)=Alfa e omega, il principio della fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs_Henderson_Presents=Lady Henderson presenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_Magic=Yeon-aesulsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Night,_Deadly_Night_4:_Initiation=Silent Night, Deadly Night 4: Initiation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Winston=Gli anni dell'avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sheriff_of_Fractured_Jaw=La bionda e lo sceriffo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Birds_(2004_film)=La casa maledetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruiser_(film)=Bruiser - La vendetta non ha volto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._and_Mrs._Iyer=Mr. and Mrs. Iyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masquerader_(1914_film)=Charlot sulla scena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flame_of_New_Orleans=L'ammaliatrice (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Poseidon_Adventure=L'inferno sommerso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howling_II:_Your_Sister_Is_a_Werewolf=Howling II - L'ululato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faithless_(2000_film)=L'infedele (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mothman_Prophecies_(film)=The Mothman Prophecies - Voci dall'ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulse_(2006_film)=Pulse (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bodyguard_(2004_film)=The Bodyguard - La mia super guardia del corpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kya_Kehna=Kya Kehna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Dog_(film)=Black Dog (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Magnifique=Come si distrugge la reputazione del più grande agente segreto del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Dream_(film)=American Dream (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-911=Un poliziotto a 4 zampe 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yol=Yol (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Long_Ride_from_Hell=Vivo per la tua morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_Unchained=Ercole e la regina di Lidia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Stranger_(film)=Perfect Stranger (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storytelling_(film)=Storytelling (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Trigger=Silent Trigger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Victim=La settima vittima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_of_Blood=Danza macabra (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web_of_the_Spider=Nella stretta morsa del ragno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Country=Un bellissimo paese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fast_and_the_Furious:_Tokyo_Drift=The Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Foreign_Affair=Scandalo internazionale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_the_Dead_2:_Contagium=Day of the Dead 2: Contagium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaughterhouse-Five_(film)=Mattatoio 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Girls_of_Rochefort=Josephine (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocent_Blood_(film)=Amore all'ultimo morso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Wilde_(film)=Ancora una domanda, Oscar Wilde!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncommon_Valor=Fratelli nella notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_of_Pennsylvania=Il principe di Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cast_a_Deadly_Spell=Omicidi e incantesimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Blues=Miami Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fog_(2005_film)=The Fog - Nebbia assassina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_of_Orange=Soldato d'Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_like_a_Woman_(1992_film)=Come una donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach_Party=Vacanze sulla spiaggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Favorite_Wife=Le mie due mogli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_Over,_Darling=Fammi posto tesoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tune_in_Tomorrow=Zia Giulia e la telenovela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Wins_(film)=Alla ricerca dell'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qayamat_Se_Qayamat_Tak=Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dentist=The Dentist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumbleweeds_(1999_film)=In cerca d'amore (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_City_of_Sadness=Città dolente (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DOA:_Dead_or_Alive=DOA: Dead or Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_the_Fleet=Seguendo la flotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Days=Fuyu no hi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screwed_(2000_film)=Screwed - Due criminali da strapazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Distinguished_Gentleman=Il distinto gentiluomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloweentown_High=Halloweentown High - Libri e magia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloweentown_II:_Kalabar's_Revenge=Halloweentown II - La vendetta di Kalabar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Visiting_(film)=L'ultimo guerriero (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gridlock'd=Gridlock'd - Istinti criminali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Above_the_Rim=Above the Rim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy's_Dead:_The_Final_Nightmare=Nightmare 6 - La fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Orchid_(film)=Orchidea selvaggia (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Benny_Hill=The Best of Benny Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raw_Justice=Soli contro il crimine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oasis_of_the_Zombies=L'oasi degli zombi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Car=La macchina nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dollars_Trilogy=Trilogia del dollaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Live_in_Fear=Testimonianza di un essere vivente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoffman_(film)=O ti spogli o ti denuncio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_a_Girl_in_My_Soup=M'è caduta una ragazza nel piatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_by_the_Cemetery=Quella villa accanto al cimitero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_Spot_Run=Spot - Supercane anticrimine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Goes_to_Camp=Ernesto - Guai in campeggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Timing=Il lenzuolo viola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Under_the_Sea=20.000 leghe sotto la terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Fury=Nozze infrante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Photographer=War Photographer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball:_Sleeping_Princess_in_Devil's_Castle=Dragon Ball - La bella addormentata a Castel Demonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball:_Mystical_Adventure=Dragon Ball - Il torneo di Miifan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball:_The_Path_to_Power=Dragon Ball - Il cammino dell'eroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Dreams_(film)=In Dreams (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blonde_Ambition=Blonde Ambition - Una bionda a NY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons:_Fire_and_Ice=Dragons: Fire and Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_in_the_Outfield_(1951_film)=Angels in the Outfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_in_the_Outfield_(1994_film)=Angels (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flags_of_Our_Fathers_(film)=Flags of Our Fathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Name:_Carmen=Prénom Carmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderheart=Cuore di tuono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Villa=Un bruit qui rend fou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deep_(1977_film)=Abissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger:_Diabolik=Diabolik (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Beauty=Padrona del suo destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avanti!=Che cosa è successo tra mio padre e tua madre?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Cake=Snow Cake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Boys_Are_Called_Patrick=Tutti i ragazzi si chiamano Patrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderland_(2003_film)=Wonderland (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Faw_Down=Noi sbagliamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quackser_Fortune_Has_a_Cousin_in_the_Bronx=Che fortuna avere una cugina nel Bronx!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Adam=About Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trouble_with_Angels_(film)=Guai con gli angeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolly_Dearest=Dolly Dearest - La bambola che uccide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devils_on_the_Doorstep=Guizi Lai Le
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World's_Fastest_Indian=Indian - La grande sfida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Together_(2002_film)=Together with You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blockhouse=Il bunker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponette=Ponette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardball_(film)=Hardball (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Appaloosa=A sud-ovest di Sonora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morituri_(1965_film)=I morituri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stick_(film)=Scherzare col fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killer_Elite=Killer Elite (film 1975)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_V:_The_Mysterious_Island=Alla ricerca della Valle Incantata 5 - L'isola misteriosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_of_Solace=Quantum of Solace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_(2005_film)=Stay - Nel labirinto della mente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Grandmother's_House_We_Go=Nonna stiamo arrivando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_You_(film)=Le regole del gioco (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasputin:_Dark_Servant_of_Destiny=Rasputin - Il demone nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Namesake_(film)=Il destino nel nome - The Namesake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Countess_from_Hong_Kong=La contessa di Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guns_at_Batasi=Cannoni a Batasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamer_(2005_film)=Dreamer - La strada per la vittoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunchback_of_Notre_Dame_(1956_film)=Notre-Dame de Paris (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Italian_Job_(2003_film)=The Italian Job (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakurenbo=Kakurenbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McBain_(film)=McBain (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandidas=Bandidas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Gray_(film)=Charlotte Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murderball_(film)=Murderball (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Comes_Softly=L'amore arriva dolcemente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karol:_A_Man_Who_Became_Pope=Karol - Un uomo diventato papa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_You=Pazzo di te!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Gillian_on_Her_37th_Birthday=A Gillian, per il suo compleanno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Men_Origins:_Wolverine=X-Men le origini - Wolverine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Christmas_Present=Il più bel regalo di Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraviolet_(film)=Ultraviolet (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popstar_(film)=Popstar (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Now=Paradise Now (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak_White=Speak White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derailed_(2005_film)=Derailed - Attrazione letale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_West_(1940_film)=I cowboys del deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proof_(1991_film)=Istantanee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Little_Bride=Eorin sinbu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_at_McCool's=Un corpo da reato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan's_New_York_Adventure=Tarzan a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Alive_(1974_film)=Baby Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untamed_Heart=Qualcuno da amare (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ringer_(2005_film)=The Ringer - L'imbucato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Election_(2005_film)=Election (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_NeverEnding_Story_II:_The_Next_Chapter=La storia infinita 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Support_Your_Local_Sheriff!=Il dito più veloce del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_NeverEnding_Story_III=La storia infinita 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhoot_(film)=Bhoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Days_of_Disco=The Last Days of Disco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Sematary_Two=Cimitero vivente 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decline_of_Western_Civilization_Part_II:_The_Metal_Years=The Decline of Western Civilization Part II: The Metal Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drumline_(film)=Drumline - Tieni il tempo della sfida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sentimental_Bloke=The Sentimental Bloke (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winning_London=Due gemelle a Londra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Boyfriend_Is_Type_B=B-hyeong namja chingu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Business_(film)=The Business (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visitor_Q=Visitor Q
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Fuzz=Hot Fuzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dillinger_(1973_film)=Dillinger (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_a_Stranger_Calls_(2006_film)=Chiamata da uno sconosciuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventurer_(1917_film)=Charlot avventuriero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Champion_(1915_film)=Charlot boxeur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howling_V:_The_Rebirth=Howling V - La rinascita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Corner=L'angolo rosso - Colpevole fino a prova contraria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Boy_(film)=Best Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Like_a_Wheel_(film)=Il cuore come una ruota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioland_Murders=Benvenuti a Radioland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Price_Glory%3F_(1926_film)=Gloria (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapphire_(film)=Zaffiro nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khartoum_(film)=Khartoum (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Carlo_or_Bust!=Quei temerari sulle loro pazze, scatenate, scalcinate carriole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Retreat,_No_Surrender_2=Artigli di tigre - Il ritorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Heat_on_a_Merry-Go-Round=Alle donne piace ladro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_Hands_with_the_Devil_(1959_film)=Il fronte della violenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles:_The_First_U.S._Visit=The First U.S. Visit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_Alive=Stay Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limbo_(1999_film)=Limbo (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undertow_(2004_film)=Undertow (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_This_World=Cose di questo mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blown_Away_(1994_film)=Blown Away - Follia esplosiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Salvation_Hunters=The Salvation Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Men=Best Men - Amici per la pelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoodwinked!=Cappuccetto Rosso e gli insoliti sospetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nightmare_on_Elm_Street=Nightmare - Dal profondo della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chances_Are_(film)=Uno strano caso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Troll_in_Central_Park=Le avventure di Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Wire_(film)=I dinamitardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spook_Who_Sat_by_the_Door_(film)=Freeman - L'agente di Harlem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_the_Following_Day=La notte del giorno dopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Letter_(1995_film)=La lettera scarlatta (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eklavya:_The_Royal_Guard=Eklavya: The Royal Guard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloody_Sunday_(film)=Bloody Sunday (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Big_League=Un lavoro da grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You,_Me_and_Dupree=Tu, io e Dupree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampyros_Lesbos=Vampyros Lesbos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paprika_(1991_film)=Paprika (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong_Lives=King Kong 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_Girls=Ragazze (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becoming_Jane=Becoming Jane - Il ritratto di una donna contro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons_Forever=Dragons Forever (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goopy_Gyne_Bagha_Byne=Goopy Gyne Bagha Byne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Man_(2006_film)=Shadow Man - Il triangolo del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_Long_Legs_(1955_film)=Papà Gambalunga (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guardian_(2006_film)=The Guardian - Salvataggio in mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nightmare_on_Elm_Street_3:_Dream_Warriors=Nightmare 3 - I guerrieri del sogno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nightmare_on_Elm_Street_5:_The_Dream_Child=Nightmare 5 - Il mito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nightmare_on_Elm_Street_4:_The_Dream_Master=Nightmare 4 - Il non risveglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluffmaster!=Bluffmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyatt_Earp_(film)=Wyatt Earp (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faust:_Love_of_the_Damned=Faust (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Tunnel=Death Tunnel - La maledizione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Going_to_Tell_You_a_Secret=I'm Going to Tell You a Secret (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_the_Universe_(film)=I dominatori dell'universo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vendetta_(1950_film)=La vendicatrice (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Memory=Vendicherò il mio passato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spider_and_the_Fly_(1949_film)=Il ragno e la mosca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirocco_(film)=Damasco '25
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Rex_(film)=T-Rex - Il mio amico Dino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_Man_(1983_film)=Il quarto uomo (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maladolescenza=Maladolescenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boat_on_the_Grass=La barca sull'erba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honeymoon_Killers=I killers della luna di miele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosewood_(film)=Rosewood (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Corn_IV:_The_Gathering=Inferno a Grand Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suburbans=The Suburbans - Ricordi ad alta fedeltà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Town=La città magica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Help_Singing=California (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_in_Brooklyn=Vampiro a Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_the_Cat_(film)=Fritz il gatto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Donors=Gli sgangheroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Park_(2003_film)=The Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babel_(film)=Babel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Beirut_(film)=West Beirut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diamond_Arm=Crociera di lusso per un matto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Now..._Ladies_and_Gentlemen=And Now... Ladies & Gentlemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plenty_(film)=Plenty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapado=Mapado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monster_(1994_film)=Il mostro (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_the_Lights_Went_Out_in_Georgia_(film)=La notte in cui si spensero le luci in Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_Ride_(2001_film)=Radio Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D2:_The_Mighty_Ducks=Piccoli grandi eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Showers=Douches froides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donkey_Skin_(film)=La favolosa storia di Pelle d'Asino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_(film)=Star Trek (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_Thoughts=Was nützt die Liebe in Gedanken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accattone=Accattone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Date_Movie=Hot Movie - Un film con il lubrificante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Jeeta_Wohi_Sikandar=Jo Jeeta Wohi Sikandar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/99_River_Street=Non cercate l'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Night_Long_(1981_film)=Tutta una notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnal_Madness=Tre matti in un collegio femminile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microcosmos_(film)=Microcosmos - Il popolo dell'erba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanny_McPhee=Nanny McPhee - Tata Matilda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cronos_(film)=Cronos (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venom_(2005_film)=Venom (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_City:_A_Dame_to_Kill_For=Sin City - Una donna per cui uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Presidio_(film)=Il presidio - Scena di un crimine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_Sleeper=Lo spacciatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pickpocket_(film)=Diario di un ladro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patty_Hearst_(film)=Patty - La vera storia di Patty Hearst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cock_and_Bull_Story=A Cock and Bull Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Original_Kings_of_Comedy=The Original Kings of Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Slickers_II:_The_Legend_of_Curly's_Gold=Scappo dalla città 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_Waves_(film)=L'occhio nel triangolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramrod_(film)=La donna di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bird_People_in_China=The Bird People in China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gozu=Gozu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gohatto=Tabù - Gohatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_Behind_II:_Tribulation_Force=Prima dell'apocalisse 2 - Tribulation Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kid_&_I=The Kid & I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringing_Down_the_House_(film)=Un ciclone in casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Metal_2000=Heavy Metal 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I._Joe:_The_Movie=G.I. Joe: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shaggy_D.A.=Quello strano cane... di papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Wide_Missouri_(film)=Il cacciatore del Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Fools=Milou a maggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_(film)=May (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howling_IV:_The_Original_Nightmare=Howling IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_(2006_film)=Bobby (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Dreadful_(film)=Penny Dreadful (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapter_27=Chapter 27 - L'assassinio di John Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrington_(film)=Carrington (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jack_Bull=Il prezzo della giustizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Business_(1991_film)=Strictly Business (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyjacked_(film)=Il pirata dell'aria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Grand_Voyage=Viaggio alla Mecca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Bridge_(film)=Rainbow Bridge (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_(film)=Abramo (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Station_West=La città della paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matango=Matango il mostro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trial_of_Joan_of_Arc=Processo a Giovanna d'Arco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magus_(film)=Gioco perverso (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pooh's_Grand_Adventure:_The_Search_for_Christopher_Robin=Winnie the Pooh alla ricerca di Christopher Robin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mirror_Has_Two_Faces=L'amore ha due facce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Me=Return to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wing_Chun_(film)=Wing Chun (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Convict_Lake=Il segreto del lago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Enfant_(film)=L'Enfant - Una storia d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_of_the_Universe=Englar alheimsins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happened_Tomorrow=Avvenne domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unforgiven_(1960_film)=Gli inesorabili (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Man's_Poison=La fossa dei peccati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriage_of_Maria_Braun=Il matrimonio di Maria Braun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmos:_War_of_the_Planets=Anno zero - Guerra nello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howling_VI:_The_Freaks=Mostriciattoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Mr._Fox_(film)=Fantastic Mr. Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witches_(1990_film)=Chi ha paura delle streghe?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Night,_Deadly_Night_3:_Better_Watch_Out!=Silent Night, Deadly Night 3: Better Watch Out!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_by_the_Sea=Live by the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Grace_(2006_film)=Amazing Grace (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deadly_Affair=Chiamata per il morto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Windmill=Il caso Drabble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_(2002_film)=24 ore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_ChubbChubbs!=The ChubbChubbs!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spiderwick_Chronicles_(film)=Spiderwick - Le cronache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_Wore_Black=La sposa in nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Uncle_Tom=Addio zio Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magical_Mystery_Tour_(film)=Magical Mystery Tour (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tightrope_(film)=Corda tesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Power_(film)=Potere assoluto (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambit_(1966_film)=Gambit - Grande furto al Semiramis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_of_Their_Lives_(2002_film)=The Game of Their Lives (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yield_to_the_Night=Gli uomini condannano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samaritan_Girl=La samaritana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_(1984_film)=Carmen (film 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blame_It_on_Rio=Quel giorno a Rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_of_Thieves=Gwyn - Principessa dei ladri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leningrad_Cowboys_Go_America=Leningrad Cowboys Go America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Island=Il demone dell'isola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_It_On_Again=Ragazze nel pallone - La rivincita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnt_by_the_Sun=Sole ingannatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Viking_(1928_film)=I vichinghi (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Hours=Ore disperate (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whore_(2004_film)=Yo puta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Message_(1976_film)=Il messaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulysses'_Gaze=Lo sguardo di Ulisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Terror=I racconti del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_of_the_Desert=Il leone del deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reindeer_Games=Trappola criminale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boxer_(1997_film)=The Boxer (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harakiri_(1962_film)=Harakiri (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explorers_(film)=Explorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Cow=Poor Cow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_West_Was_Fun=Due gemelle nel Far West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crusades_(film)=I crociati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Air_I_Breathe=The Air I Breathe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumplings_(film)=Dumplings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(1996_film)=Michael (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Prem_Ki_Diwani_Hoon=Main Prem Ki Diwani Hoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjoe=Marjoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes,_Giorgio=Yes, Giorgio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masked_and_Anonymous=Masked and Anonymous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gunfighter=Romantico avventuriero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Bloody_Sunday_(film)=Domenica, maledetta domenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Floats=Ricominciare a vivere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.O.R.A.=G.O.R.A. - Comiche spaziali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_House_(2001_film)=Prigione di vetro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noises_Off_(film)=Rumori fuori scena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kissing_a_Fool=Amore tra le righe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula's_Dog=Dracula contro zombi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Bitten_(1985_film)=Se ti mordo... sei mio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Great_Train_Robbery=1855 - La prima grande rapina al treno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Stock=L'allegra fattoria (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teacher's_Pet_(2004_film)=Teacher's Pet (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coogan's_Bluff_(film)=L'uomo dalla cravatta di cuoio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Opposite_Sex=Sesso debole?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Drink_the_Water_(1994_film)=Don't Drink the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delirious_(1991_film)=Fuori di testa (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Ninja=Mai dire ninja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piranha_(1978_film)=Piraña (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Friends=Just Friends (Solo amici)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copycat_(film)=Copycat - Omicidi in serie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang_'Em_High=Impiccalo più in alto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juice_(film)=Juice (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confidence_(2003_film)=Confidence - La truffa perfetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dementia_(1955_film)=Dementia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Office_Hours=Lo scandalo del giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Romance=Modern Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strapless=Spalle nude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Boy_Named_Charlie_Brown=Arriva Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolly_Fellows=Tutto il mondo ride (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bates_Motel_(film)=Il motel della paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brubaker=Brubaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Boy_(film)=La danza degli elefanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_&_Gaenor=Solomon and Gaenor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_the_Dead_(film)=Waking the Dead (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boatniks=Boatniks - I marinai della domenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeze_Me=Freeze Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goofy_and_Wilbur=Pippo e Wilbur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_of_Diijon=Lo sguardo che uccide (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looks_and_Smiles=Uno sguardo, un sorriso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_(1992_film)=Il danno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SubUrbia_(film)=SubUrbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Darn_Tootin'=Musica classica (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thicker_than_Water_(1935_film)=Fratelli di sangue (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Tars=Marinai a terra (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardon_Us=Muraglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Chump_at_Oxford=Noi siamo le colonne (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atoll_K=Atollo K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Are_Not_Alone_(film)=Du er ikke alene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_from_the_Heart=Un sogno lungo un giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_World=Forbidden World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andersonville_(film)=Andersonville (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepe_(film)=Pepe (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thin_Ice_(1937_film)=Scandalo al Grand Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seizure_(film)=Seizure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agantuk=Lo straniero (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flawless_(1999_film)=Flawless - Senza difetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Basketball_Diaries_(film)=Ritorno dal nulla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilith_(film)=Lilith - La dea dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nazis_Strike=L'attacco nazista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_Purple_(film)=Il colore viola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starcrash=Scontri stellari oltre la terza dimensione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outsiders_(film)=I ragazzi della 56ª strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalaya_(film)=Himalaya - L'infanzia di un capo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-Haunting_We_Will_Go_(1942_film)=Sim salà bim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonheart:_A_New_Beginning=Dragonheart 2 - Una nuova avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Rose=La rosa nera (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Measures=Extreme Measures - Soluzioni estreme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulldog_Jack=Bulldog Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ambulance=L'ambulanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_the_Benjamins=All About the Benjamins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brink's_Job=Pollice da scasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Return_to_Salem's_Lot=I vampiri di Salem's Lot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mod_Squad_(film)=Gli infiltrati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_on_the_Amazon=Fiamme sull'Amazzonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Dames_du_Bois_de_Boulogne=Perfidia (film 1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goya's_Ghosts=L'ultimo inquisitore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Playground_(1976_film)=Il cortile del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splitting_Heirs=Duca si nasce!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casanova_(2005_film)=Casanova (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardon_Mon_Affaire,_Too!=Andremo tutti in paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ten_Commandments_(1923_film)=I dieci comandamenti (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyaar_Kiya_To_Darna_Kya_(1998_film)=Pyaar Kiya To Darna Kya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Court-Martial_of_Billy_Mitchell=Corte marziale (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life,_and_Nothing_More...=E la vita continua (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Night_(film)=Confessione finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saw_(2003_film)=Saw (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_of_Champions_(film)=La colazione dei campioni (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirant_lo_Blanc_(film)=Tirante el Blanco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_Upon_a_Time_(1953_film)=C'era una volta... (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prowler_(1951_film)=Sciacalli nell'ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surf_Nazis_Must_Die=Surf Nazis Must Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_in_Milan=Miracolo a Milano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Friends_of_Eddie_Coyle=Gli amici di Eddie Coyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_Queen_(1955_film)=Il favorito della grande regina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Will_Be_Blood=Il petroliere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Stepmother=Strega per un giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warlords_of_Atlantis=Le 7 città di Atlantide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_in_Time=Tempo di viaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobgoblins_(film)=Hobgoblins - La stirpe da estirpare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Living_Dead_3D=La notte dei morti viventi 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis:_That's_the_Way_It_Is=Elvis Presley Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandal_Sheet_(1952_film)=Ultime della notte (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_and_the_Chipmunks_Meet_Frankenstein=Alvin e i Chipmunks incontrano Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_and_the_Chipmunks_Meet_the_Wolfman=Alvin e i Chipmunks incontrano l'Uomo Lupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Cucamonga=Camp Cucamonga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussar_Ballad=Gusarskaja ballada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Mix_(film)=In the Mix - In mezzo ai guai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grudge_2=The Grudge 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Regained_(film)=Il tempo ritrovato (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goal_II:_Living_the_Dream=Goal II - Vivere un sogno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Fright_(1987_film)=Deliria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balzac_and_the_Little_Chinese_Seamstress_(film)=Balzac e la piccola sarta cinese (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Replicant_(film)=The Replicant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Fantasma=Il fantasma (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonrise_(film)=La luna sorge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Texas_Chainsaw_Massacre_(2003_film)=Non aprite quella porta (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Candidate_(1972_film)=Il candidato (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Flute_(1975_film)=Il flauto magico (film 1975)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristan_&_Isolde_(film)=Tristano & Isotta (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulse_(2001_film)=Kairo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Texas_Chainsaw_Massacre:_The_Beginning=Non aprite quella porta - L'inizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_the_Dead_(film)=House of the Dead (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faraway,_So_Close!=Così lontano così vicino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_the_Dead_2_(film)=Cacciatori di zombi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nine_Lives_of_Fritz_the_Cat=Le nove vite di Fritz il gatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_Up_(1949_film)=Cover Up (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merchant_of_Venice_(2004_film)=Il mercante di Venezia (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Jim_McLain=Marijuana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Waldo_Pepper=Il temerario (film 1975)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu_Panda=Kung Fu Panda (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_by_the_River=Bassa marea (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield:_A_Tail_of_Two_Kitties=Garfield 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Horsemen_of_the_Apocalypse_(film)=I quattro cavalieri dell'Apocalisse (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Effect=Zero Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_(2007_film)=Sunshine (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_from_Another_Room_(film)=Musica da un'altra stanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Slime=Il fango verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duchess_of_Idaho=La duchessa dell'Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye,_Columbus_(film)=La ragazza di Tony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glorious_Betsy=Glorious Betsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gidget_Goes_Hawaiian=Gidget Goes Hawaiian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faithful_(1996_film)=Infedeli per sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Santa_Clause_3:_The_Escape_Clause=Santa Clause è nei guai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhadkan=Dhadkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Come_Knocking=Non bussare alla mia porta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Mine=Le due verità (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_Shelter_(1970_film)=Gimme Shelter (film 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TMNT_(film)=TMNT (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haggard:_The_Movie=Haggard: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan's_Labyrinth=Il labirinto del fauno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motel_Hell=Motel Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinocchio_and_the_Emperor_of_the_Night=I sogni di Pinocchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beowulf_&_Grendel=Beowulf & Grendel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body_Snatcher_(film)=La jena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_(2003_film)=Evil - Il ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_of_the_Phoenix_(2004_film)=Il volo della fenice (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_House_Is_Not_a_Home_(film)=Madame P... e le sue ragazze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everest_(1998_film)=Everest (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_(1971_film)=Come sposare la compagna di banco e farla in barba alla maestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Demons_(1988_film)=La notte dei demoni (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_at_the_Top_of_the_World=L'isola sul tetto del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Carol_(2004_film)=A Christmas Carol (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Carol_(1910_film)=A Christmas Carol (film 1910)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chi-hwa-seon=Ebbro di donne e di pittura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Paradise_(1998_film)=Il tempo di decidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_See_the_Paradise=Benvenuti in paradiso (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_IX:_Journey_to_Big_Water=Alla ricerca della Valle Incantata 9 - Le meraviglie del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capote_(film)=Truman Capote - A sangue freddo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_Mr._Lazarescu=La morte del signor Lazarescu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Ninjas_Kick_Back=I nuovi mini ninja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Ninjas_Knuckle_Up=Tre piccole pesti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Main_Event_(1979_film)=Ma che sei tutta matta?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_(1983_film)=Hercules (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sentinel_(2006_film)=The Sentinel - Il traditore al tuo fianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeelen=Yeelen, la luce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorro,_The_Gay_Blade=Zorro mezzo e mezzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coraline_(film)=Coraline e la porta magica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transamerica_(film)=Transamerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Blue_Yonder=L'ignoto spazio profondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamaica_Inn_(film)=La taverna della Giamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_of_the_World_(1997_film)=Top of the World (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Ops=Sfida nell'ultima valanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulletproof_(1988_film)=A prova di proiettile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Uns_et_les_Autres=Bolero (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ah!_My_Goddess:_The_Movie=Oh, mia dea! - The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Places_(1974_film)=I santissimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comfort_of_Strangers_(film)=Cortesie per gli ospiti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derailed_(2002_film)=Derailed - Punto d'impatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_in_Wonderland=Il mondo di Alex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_(1986_film)=Pirati (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twins_Effect_II=La spada e la rosa (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Sands_(film)=White Sands - Tracce nella sabbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_Blues=Coppia d'azione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_of_Frankenstein=Il terrore di Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein_Meets_the_Wolf_Man=Frankenstein contro l'uomo lupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Dracula_(1943_film)=Il figlio di Dracula (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Dieter_Needs_to_Fly=Little Dieter Needs to Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Dracula=La casa degli orrori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimewave=I due criminali più pazzi del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bells_from_the_Deep=Rintocchi dal profondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_of_the_Bride_Part_II=Il padre della sposa 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_Silence_and_Darkness=Paese del silenzio e dell'oscurità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Much_Wood_Would_a_Woodchuck_Chuck_(film)=How Much Wood Would a Woodchuck Chuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eel_(film)=L'anguilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantasm_III:_Lord_of_the_Dead=Fantasmi III - Lord of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantasm_IV:_Oblivion=Phantasm IV: Oblivion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_of_Friendship=Il colore dell'amicizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremors_3:_Back_to_Perfection=Tremors 3 - Ritorno a Perfection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremors_4:_The_Legend_Begins=Tremors 4 - Agli inizi della leggenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yolanda_and_the_Thief=Jolanda e il re della samba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cherokee_Kid=The Cherokee Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Crime_(1999_film)=Fino a prova contraria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'armata_Brancaleone=L'armata Brancaleone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Mask_(film)=La vendetta della maschera nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Movie=Blue Movie (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esquilache=Squillace (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poltergeist_III=Poltergeist III - Ci risiamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joker_Is_Wild=Il jolly è impazzito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/District_13=Banlieue 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Laughing_Policeman_(film)=L'ispettore Martin ha teso la trappola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balseros_(film)=Balseros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Faustus_(1967_film)=Il dottor Faustus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_from_Prostokvashino=Troe iz Prostokvašino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Neighbors_the_Yamadas=I miei vicini Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Little_Pony:_A_Very_Minty_Christmas=My Little Pony - Mentina magico Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_(2011_film)=Margaret (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longest_Yard_(2005_film)=L'altra sporca ultima meta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hours_(film)=The Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Thousand_Maniacs!=2000 Maniacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prelude_to_War=Preludio alla guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_in_the_Flesh_(1986_film)=Diavolo in corpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Stand_Alone_(film)=Seul contre tous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_over_Parador=Il dittatore del Parador in arte Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Amants_du_Pont-Neuf=Gli amanti del Pont-Neuf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eddy_Duchin_Story=Incantesimo (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Hate_Me=Lei mi odia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unsaid=The Unsaid - Sotto silenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_About_Town_(2006_film)=Il diario di Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tender_Comrade=Eravamo tanto felici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gang's_All_Here_(1943_film)=Banana split (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_Wrath=Dies irae (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sansho_the_Bailiff=L'intendente Sansho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flowers_of_St._Francis=Francesco, giullare di Dio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Night_at_Maud's=La mia notte con Maud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Promesse=La Promesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe_'51=Europa '51
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werckmeister_Harmonies=Le armonie di Werckmeister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Princess_(1995_film)=La piccola principessa (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Princess_(1939_film)=La piccola principessa (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_of_Green_Gables_(1919_film)=Fata di bambole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_of_Sunnybrook_Farm_(1917_film)=Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_of_Green_Gables_(1934_film)=La figlia di nessuno (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Cold_Blood_(film)=A sangue freddo (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Hell_36=Dollari che scottano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brancaleone_at_the_Crusades=Brancaleone alle crociate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hearts_of_Age=The Hearts of Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condorman=Condorman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuvalu_(film)=Tuvalu (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Triangle_(miniseries)=Il triangolo delle Bermude (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unforgettable_(1996_film)=Specchio della memoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicia's_Journey_(film)=Il viaggio di Felicia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_Zone=La corsa più pazza del mondo 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FairyTale:_A_True_Story=Favole (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up,_Up_and_Away_(film)=Papà, non so volare!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_for_Drunken_Horses=Il tempo dei cavalli ubriachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronika_Voss=Veronika Voss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flame_and_the_Arrow=La leggenda dell'arciere di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Town_&_Country_(film)=Amori in città... e tradimenti in campagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_Paul_II_(miniseries)=Giovanni Paolo II (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Town_That_Dreaded_Sundown=La città che aveva paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Remake_of_Beau_Geste=Io, Beau Geste e la legione straniera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howling:_New_Moon_Rising=Howling: New Moon Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Streetcar_Named_Desire_(1951_film)=Un tram che si chiama Desiderio (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebirth_of_Mothra_II=Mosura 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Addiction=The Addiction - Vampiri a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Shy=Tutte e nessuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killers_(1956_film)=Assassini (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Will_Be_No_Leave_Today=Non ci sarà licenza oggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_True_(film)=È tutto vero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderfella=Il Cenerentolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3:10_to_Yuma_(1957_film)=Quel treno per Yuma (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Collar_(film)=Tuta blu (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_of_Shadows=Il porto delle nebbie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angry_Silence=La tortura del silenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Kiss=Niente baci sulla bocca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dreamlife_of_Angels=La vita sognata degli angeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Loved_Women_(1983_film)=I miei problemi con le donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Loved_Women_(1977_film)=L'uomo che amava le donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_by_Law_(film)=Daunbailò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirak_Rajar_Deshe=Heerak Rajar Deshe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakha_Proshakha=Shakha Proshakha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abhijan=Abhijaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Day_in_Paradise_(film)=Un altro giorno in paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_(1996_film)=Alaska (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_You=Non dirmelo... non ci credo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fox_(1967_film)=La volpe (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reefer_Madness=Reefer Madness (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_and_S.A.M.=Una strana coppia di svitati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl,_Interrupted_(film)=Ragazze interrotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Patriot_(1998_film)=The Patriot (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Patriot_(1928_film)=Lo zar folle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pratidwandi=Pratidwandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganashatru=Nemico pubblico (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Rosa=La vita davanti a sé (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jana_Aranya=Jana Aranya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picking_Up_the_Pieces_(film)=Ho solo fatto a pezzi mia moglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scenes_from_a_Mall=Storie di amori e infedeltà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_of_the_Neptune_Men=L'astronave fantasma (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/15_Minutes=15 minuti - Follia omicida a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko's_Dinner_Table=Noriko's Dinner Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Before_Dishonor_(film)=Il sergente di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazzin'_for_Blue_Jean=Jazzin' for Blue Jean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey's_Magical_Christmas:_Snowed_in_at_the_House_of_Mouse=Il bianco Natale di Topolino - È festa in casa Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springtime_with_Roo=Winnie the Pooh: Ro e la magia della primavera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackmail_(1939_film)=L'ultimo ricatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Little_Words_(film)=Tre piccole parole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_President's_Analyst=La folle impresa del dottor Schaefer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humanap_Ka_ng_Panget=Humanap Ka Ng Panget (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grande_Vadrouille=Tre uomini in fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Possible:_A_Sitch_in_Time=Kim Possible - Viaggio nel tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_(1934_film)=Maniac (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_to_Jane=Letter to Jane - An Investigation About a Still
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Old_California_(1910_film)=In Old California (film 1910)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seemabaddha=Seemabaddha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thief_of_Bagdad_(1940_film)=Il ladro di Bagdad (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlander:_Endgame=Highlander: Endgame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Moonlight_Bay_(film)=Vecchia America (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_Freedom=Song of Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_Opportunities_(film)=Tutto può accadere (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matador=The Matador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsara_(2011_film)=Samsara (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_America_(1993_film)=Made in America (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_(film)=Eat (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_&_Kumar_Escape_from_Guantanamo_Bay=Harold & Kumar - Due amici in fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Boggy_Creek=The Legend of Boggy Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Takes_a_Holiday=La morte in vacanza (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_the_Game=Sopravvivere al gioco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_o'_Nine_Tails=Il gatto a nove code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Personal_Journey_with_Martin_Scorsese_Through_American_Movies=Un secolo di cinema - Viaggio nel cinema americano di Martin Scorsese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cast_a_Giant_Shadow=Combattenti della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraxas,_Guardian_of_the_Universe=Abraxas, Guardian of the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unknown_(2006_film)=Identità sospette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burden_of_Dreams=Burden of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necromania='Necromania': A Tale of Weird Love!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Fool's_Day_(1986_film)=Pesce d'aprile (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Chainsaw_Hookers=Hollywood Chainsaw Hookers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_Earthsea_(film)=I racconti di Terramare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorority_Boys=Sorority Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinner_(film)=L'occhio del male (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doctor_(1991_film)=Un medico, un uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Read_My_Lips_(film)=Sulle mie labbra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creepozoids=Creepozoids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-15_(film)=Il leggendario X-15
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tender_Is_the_Night_(film)=Tenera è la notte (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian_(1982_film)=Conan il barbaro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_ZO=Kamen Rider ZO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzoon:_Shame_of_the_Jungle=Tarzoon - La vergogna della giungla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa_Screams=Africa strilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_Girls=Chelsea Girls (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_and_the_Beanstalk_(1952_film)=Il giardino incantato (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Shop_of_Horrors_(film)=La piccola bottega degli orrori (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_the_Menace_(film)=Dennis la minaccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caffeine_(film)=Caffeine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Carrera_Panamericana=La Carrera Panamericana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Magoo_(film)=Mr. Magoo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Zero_Two=Luna zero due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_of_the_Jungle_(film)=George re della giungla...?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_of_the_Jungle_2=George re della giungla 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Star_Is_Born_(1937_film)=È nata una stella (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Star_Is_Born_(1954_film)=È nata una stella (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity_(film)=Infinity (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Star_Is_Born_(1976_film)=È nata una stella (film 1976)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fearless_Hyena=Jacky Chan: la mano che uccide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel-A=Angel-A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Time_(film)=In due è un'altra cosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whore_(1991_film)=Whore (puttana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeping_Dictionary=Piccolo dizionario amoroso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racing_with_the_Moon=In gara con la luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_in_Blue_(1986_film)=Nato per vincere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Fight_(film)=Street Fight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Heat=Per piacere... non salvarmi più la vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Midnight_Clear=Vicino alla fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_Gunfighter=Il giorno del grande massacro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_VII:_The_Stone_of_Cold_Fire=Alla ricerca della Valle Incantata 7 - La pietra di fuoco freddo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_Musical=High School Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crack_in_the_World=Esperimento I.S.: il mondo si frantuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_the_Bear=Un eroe piccolo piccolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Wore_a_Yellow_Ribbon=I cavalieri del Nord Ovest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Apache_(film)=Il massacro di Fort Apache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunter_(1980_film)=Il cacciatore di taglie (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Moon=Qiuyue. Luna d'autunno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colossus_and_the_Headhunters=Maciste contro i tagliatori di teste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger!!_Death_Ray=Il raggio infernale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thumbelina_(1994_film)=Thumbelina - Pollicina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_on_Rome_(film)=La marcia su Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_Watch_(film)=I guardiani del giorno (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confetti_(2006_film)=Confetti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_No_Angel=Non sono un angelo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Program=The Program
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Nemo:_Adventures_in_Slumberland=Piccolo Nemo - Avventure nel mondo dei sogni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leviathan_(1989_film)=Leviathan (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Don't_Cost_a_Thing_(film)=Fidanzata in prestito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_and_Victoria=Vittorio e Vittoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodhaa_Akbar=La sposa dell'imperatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Jellyfish=La medusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Public_Woman=La femme publique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mechanic_(1972_film)=Professione: assassino (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardust_(2007_film)=Stardust (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bug_(2006_film)=Bug - La paranoia è contagiosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hills_Have_Eyes_(2006_film)=Le colline hanno gli occhi (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladybugs_(film)=Ragazze nel pallone (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy's_Hand=The Mummy's Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boa_vs._Python=Nelle spire del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drive_Me_Crazy=Drive Me Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.O.A._(1988_film)=D.O.A. - Dead on Arrival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slipstream_(2005_film)=Slipstream (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kronk's_New_Groove=Le follie di Kronk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camelot_(film)=Camelot (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Emanuelle=Emanuelle nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_(1990_film)=Metropolitan (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy's_Tomb=The Mummy's Tomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_League_II=Major League - La rivincita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jackie_Robinson_Story=The Jackie Robinson Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_Hungry=Il gigante della strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barkleys_of_Broadway=I Barkleys di Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriot_Games_(film)=Giochi di potere (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_of_Me_(1984_film)=Ho sposato un fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romantic_President=Piano chineun daetongnyeong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollow_Triumph=Jim lo sfregiato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grass_Is_Greener=L'erba del vicino è sempre più verde (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy's_Ghost=The Mummy's Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheels_on_Meals=Il mistero del conte Lobos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winners_and_Sinners=Winners and Sinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spermula=Spermula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albino_Alligator=Insoliti criminali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fast_Lady=La signora sprint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimson_Rivers_II:_Angels_of_the_Apocalypse=I fiumi di porpora 2 - Gli angeli dell'Apocalisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watchers_(film)=Alterazione genetica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulhan_Hum_Le_Jayenge=Dulhan Hum Le Jayenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Vasilievich:_Back_to_the_Future=Ivan Vasil'evič menjaet professiju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curse_of_the_Fly=La maledizione della mosca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Train_(film)=Mystery Train - Martedì notte a Memphis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Dracula_(1970_film)=Il conte Dracula (film 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Ambersons_(film)=L'orgoglio degli Amberson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gung_Ho_(film)=Gung Ho (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_the_Madding_Crowd_(1967_film)=Via dalla pazza folla (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skidoo_(film)=Skidoo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Academy_3:_Back_in_Training=Scuola di polizia 3 - Tutto da rifare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_(2002_film)=The Eye (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tornado=Il tornado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lovely_Bones_(film)=Amabili resti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelor_and_the_Bobby-Soxer=Vento di primavera (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Milagro_Beanfield_War=Milagro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Pilot=2+5 missione Hydra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Female_Vampire=Un caldo corpo di femmina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Dolittle_3=Il dottor Dolittle 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genius_(1999_film)=Genio incompreso... ma non troppo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Look_Under_the_Bed=Non guardare sotto il letto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horse_Sense=Una vacanza di tutto... lavoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quints=Una culla per cinque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_to_the_Mat=La sfida di Jace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motocrossed=Una bionda su due ruote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenon:_The_Zequel=Zenon - La nuova avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inglorious_Bastards=Quel maledetto treno blindato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Beau_Serge=Le beau Serge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honey_Pot=Masquerade (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy's_Curse=The Mummy's Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daytrippers=L'amante in città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dressed_to_Kill_(1946_film)=Il mistero del carillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scoop_(2006_film)=Scoop (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taste_the_Blood_of_Dracula=Una messa per Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radar_Men_from_the_Moon=I conquistatori della Luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Carol_(1999_film)=Canto di Natale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_to_the_Planet_of_Prehistoric_Women=Voyage to the Planet of Prehistoric Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Boum_2=Il tempo delle mele 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prayer_of_the_Rollerboys=La banda dei Rollerboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(1924_film)=Desiderio del cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Double_0_Kid=Game Over - Scacco alla regina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Stinks=Che vita da cani!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padre_Padrone=Padre padrone (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rain_(1989_American_film)=Black Rain - Pioggia sporca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_England_(film)=The Last of England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wife_vs._Secretary=Gelosia (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_in_August=Palwor-ui Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail_the_Conquering_Hero=Evviva il nostro eroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Moustache=L'amore sospetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Good_Old_Summertime=I fidanzati sconosciuti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali:_Fear_Eats_the_Soul=La paura mangia l'anima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medea_(1969_film)=Medea (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Impostors=Gli imbroglioni (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_and_Fred=Ginger e Fred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Runner=Colpo su colpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_(2002_film)=Il mare (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demolition_High=Attacco al college
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alias_Jesse_James=Arriva Jesse James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chase_(1994_film)=Sesso e fuga con l'ostaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_indien_dans_la_ville=Un indiano in città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incubus_(film)=Incubus - Il potere del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind_Will_Carry_Us=Il vento ci porterà via
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_Conversations_About_One_Thing=Tredici variazioni sul tema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_to_Do_in_Denver_When_You're_Dead=Cosa fare a Denver quando sei morto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_and_Costello_Meet_the_Mummy=Il mistero della piramide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Like_Flint=A noi piace Flint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_(1969_film)=Twinky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_for_Nothing_(1993_film)=Milionario per caso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Heat_of_the_Sun=Giorni di sole cocente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Belle_Noiseuse=La bella scontrosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Love_in_Germany=Un amore in Germania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Perfect_World=Un mondo perfetto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10th_&_Wolf=10th & Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Slight_Case_of_Murder=Un bandito in vacanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seraphim_Falls=Caccia spietata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunt_for_Red_October_(film)=Caccia a Ottobre Rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fireman_(1916_film)=Charlot pompiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_Home_(1999_film)=La strada verso casa (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raven_(1935_film)=The Raven (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_on_Duty=Jambok-geunmu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cove_(film)=The Cove - La baia dove muoiono i delfini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peacock_(2005_film)=Kong que
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Molly_Maguires_(film)=I cospiratori (film 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_Attacks!=Mars Attacks!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Money_(1931_film)=Smart Money (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werewolf_of_London=Il segreto del Tibet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterians=I misteriani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_'n'_Tillie=Un marito per Tillie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_(film)=Eddie - Un'allenatrice fuori di testa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Gray_Line=La lunga linea grigia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Beautiful_Mind_(film)=A Beautiful Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gleaners_and_I=La vita è un raccolto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandma's_Boy_(2006_film)=Cocco di nonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popeye's_Voyage:_The_Quest_for_Pappy=Il viaggio di Natale di Braccio di Ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_the_Liar=Jakob il bugiardo (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Dogs_Go_to_Heaven_2=Le nuove avventure di Charlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamera:_Super_Monster=Uchu kaijû Gamera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinobi:_Heart_Under_Blade=Shinobi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_and_Glory_(film)=Pride and Glory - Il prezzo dell'onore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_of_Chance_(1942_film)=Street of Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubble_(film)=Bubble (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Chorus=Follie di jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuhle_Wampe=Kuhle Wampe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trunk_to_Cairo=Commandos in azione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Dongmakgol=Welcome to Dongmakgol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Lawyer's_Wife=La moglie dell'avvocato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawbreaker_(film)=Amiche cattive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2LDK=2LDK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_Affair=Tu partirai con me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen_(2000_film)=Aberdeen (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Kind_of_Woman=Il suo tipo di donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_of_Death_II=L'ultima sfida di Bruce Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_a_Crooked_Trail=Il sentiero della rapina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_as_a_Stranger=Nessuno resta solo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lineup_(film)=Crimine silenzioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_No_Angels_(1955_film)=Non siamo angeli (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercurrent_(1946_film)=Tragico segreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis_(2004_film)=Genesis (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_It_On:_All_or_Nothing=Ragazze nel pallone - Tutto o niente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Praise_of_Love_(film)=Éloge de l'amour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Horrible_Life_of_Leni_Riefenstahl=La forza delle immagini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max,_Mon_Amour=Max amore mio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Name=Second Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barking_Dogs_Never_Bite=Peullandaseu-ui gae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror_by_Night=Terrore nella notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Butterfly=Joe Butterfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moving_(1988_film)=Un folle trasloco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_and_the_Stranger=Il vagabondo della foresta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_of_the_Cat=La belva (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Man=Inside Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martians_Go_Home_(film)=Balle spaziali 2 - La vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/15_(film)=15 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Animals=Yasaengdongmul bohogu-yeok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdcage_Inn=Paran daemun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Fiction=Silje sanghwang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil-Ship_Pirates=La nave del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Contact_(1997_South_Korean_film)=Jeopsok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_the_Last_Chrysanthemums=Zangiku monogatari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cement_(film)=Cement - Fino all'ultimo colpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_the_City_Sleeps_(1956_film)=Quando la città dorme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conflict_(1945_film)=Nebbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Constant_Gardener_(film)=The Constant Gardener - La cospirazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_a_Reasonable_Doubt_(1956_film)=L'alibi era perfetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Days_with_Mr._Arrogant=Nae sarang ssagaji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starter_for_10_(film)=Il quiz dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Passage_to_India_(film)=Passaggio in India (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeopardy_(film)=La marea della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_to_Kill_(1996_film)=Il momento di uccidere (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Danger_Lives=Una rosa bianca per Giulia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_and_the_Cruisers=La banda di Eddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Swallow_(film)=Cheong-yeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_French_Lieutenant's_Woman_(film)=La donna del tenente francese (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_a_Pig_Fell_into_the_Well=Dwaejiga umul-e ppajin nal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlestar_Galactica_(miniseries)=Battlestar Galactica (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_Packer=La valle del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Rides_Alone=Il cavaliere muto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dawn_Rider=Cavaliere all'alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Steel_(1934_film)=Acciaio blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lucky_Texan=La valle dell'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammett_(film)=Hammett - Indagine a Chinatown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Little_Eye=My Little Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Write=Equivoci d'amore (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_(2006_Hindi_film)=Don - The Chase Begins Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon_Presents_Dorm_Daze=Dorm Daze - Un college di svitati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_Suicides_(film)=Il giardino delle vergini suicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sign_o'_the_Times_(film)=Sign o' the Times (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Neath_the_Arizona_Skies=Sotto i cieli dell'Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_and_the_Badman=L'ultima conquista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Desert_Trail=Un sentiero nel deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Utah=L'invincibile dello Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lawless_Frontier=La frontiera senza legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Housemaid_(1960_film)=Hanyeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_Family=Jo-yonghan gajok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Would_Be_King_(film)=L'uomo che volle farsi re (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_VI:_The_Secret_of_Saurus_Rock=Alla ricerca della Valle Incantata 6 - Il segreto di Saurus Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butterfly_Effect_2=The Butterfly Effect 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladiator_(2000_film)=Il gladiatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Storm_(film)=La tempesta perfetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnie_the_Pooh_and_a_Day_for_Eeyore=Il compleanno di Ih-Oh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holy_Mountain_(1973_film)=La montagna sacra (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platinum_Blonde_(film)=La donna di platino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheyenne_Autumn=Il grande sentiero (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_(2007_film)=Halloween - The Beginning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witness_to_Murder=Ti ho visto uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Julia_Ross=Mi chiamo Giulia Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsotsi=Il suo nome è Tsotsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Goodbye_(film)=Il lungo addio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bashing_(film)=Bashing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_in_the_Sky_(1953_film)=L'isola nel cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch-22_(film)=Comma 22 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamera_vs._Barugon=Attenzione! Arrivano i mostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_Great_Silence=Il grande silenzio (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stavisky=Stavisky il grande truffatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_93_(film)=United 93
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_Scared_(2006_film)=Running (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saw_III=Saw III - L'enigma senza fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Daybreak=E l'alba si macchiò di rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moog_(film)=Moog (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamera_vs._Gyaos=Gamera contro il mostro Gaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persuasion_(1995_film)=Persuasione (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Witch=Messe nere per le vergini svedesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Toronto=Sweet Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Rage_(film)=Incubo sulla strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_(1998_film)=The General
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_Jones_and_the_Casino_of_Gold=Operazione casinò d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_for_Dracula=Dracula cerca sangue di vergine... e morì di sete!!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Each_Dawn_I_Die=Morire all'alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Had_a_Million=Se avessi un milione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Alibi=Anatomia di un delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blood_of_a_Poet=Le sang d'un poète
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Testament_of_Orpheus=Il testamento di Orfeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Million=Il milione (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Variety_Lights=Luci del varietà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Empress=L'imperatrice Caterina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Chambermaid_(1964_film)=Il diario di una cameriera (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrud_(film)=Gertrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hole_(1960_film)=Il buco (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Wave=L'ultima onda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loves_of_a_Blonde=Gli amori di una bionda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Pink_Panther=La vendetta della Pantera Rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Olympiad=Le olimpiadi di Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lickerish_Quartet=Esotika Erotika Psicotika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Locket=Il segreto del medaglione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Roofs_of_Paris=Sotto i tetti di Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_as_a_Dog=La mia vita a quattro zampe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Curious_(Blue)=Jag är nyfiken - en film i blått
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Sheik=Lo sceicco bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fiances=I fidanzati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Posto=Il posto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminal_Station_(film)=Stazione Termini (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pornographers=Introduzione all'antropologia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_14_Amazons=Le 14 amazzoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Walk=La pista degli elefanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Wish_3=Il giustiziere della notte 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_You_Die=Today You Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Hunt=L'ultima caccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_Without_Love=Una donna senza amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Olvidados=I figli della violenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Access=Public Access
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peach_Thief=Kradetzat na praskovi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silk_(2007_film)=Seta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Lions_(film)=I giovani leoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Thousand_Bedrooms=10.000 camere da letto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Fly=La vendetta del dottor K.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergeants_3=Tre contro tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Corbeau=Il corvo (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Story_of_Floating_Weeds=Storia di erbe fluttuanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamma_Roma=Mamma Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Coach=La carrozza d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Cancan=French Cancan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_and_Her_Men=Eliana e gli uomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Vitelloni=I vitelloni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Girl=A mia sorella!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touchez_pas_au_grisbi=Grisbì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_commare_secca=La commare secca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_(1951_film)=Il fiume (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Eclisse=L'eclisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Four:_Rise_of_the_Silver_Surfer=I Fantastici 4 e Silver Surfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Nights_(1957_film)=Le notti bianche (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfaithfully_Yours_(1948_film)=Infedelmente tua (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gate_of_Flesh=Barriera di carne - La porta del corpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fists_in_the_Pocket=I pugni in tasca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children_Are_Watching_Us=I bambini ci guardano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Me,_Stupid=Baciami, stupido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_March_(1928_film)=Sinfonia nuziale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defector_(film)=L'affare Goshenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bird_with_the_Crystal_Plumage=L'uccello dalle piume di cristallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Came_from_the_Sky=Piovuto dal cielo (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Mama_White_Mama=Donne in catene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arena_(1974_film)=La rivolta delle gladiatrici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Astro-Zombies=The Astro-Zombies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Dreamz=American Dreamz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamera_vs._Zigra=Gamera tai shinkai kaijû Jigura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Papi=Chasing Papi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cure_(1917_film)=Charlot fa una cura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela's_Ashes_(film)=Le ceneri di Angela (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlow_(Paramount_film)=Jean Harlow, la donna che non sapeva amare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Atalante=L'Atalante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Room_with_a_View_(1985_film)=Camera con vista (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramparts_of_Clay=Remparts d'argile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder,_She_Said=Assassinio sul treno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Cain=Doppia personalità (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carandiru_(film)=Carandiru (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Passage_(film)=Passaggio di notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thief_(1952_film)=La spia (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omkara_(2006_film)=Omkara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Over_England=Elisabetta d'Inghilterra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Yank_at_Oxford=Un americano a Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Hamilton_Woman=Lady Hamilton (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Fist=Tokyo Fist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Wild_Things_Are_(film)=Nel paese delle creature selvagge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till_the_Clouds_Roll_By=Nuvole passeggere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Lives_of_Thomasina=Le tre vite della gatta Tomasina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Wall=La muraglia delle tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Audrey_Hepburn_Story=The Audrey Hepburn Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_His_Mate=Tarzan e la compagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_Escapes=La fuga di Tarzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Dance=Nata per danzare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thousands_Cheer=La parata delle stelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necessary_Roughness_(film)=Campioni di guai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_(film)=Maurice (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship_Ahoy=Rotta sui Caraibi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Henry_Orient=La vita privata di Henry Orient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dood_It=Il signore in marsina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(2003_film)=Wuthering Heights (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yor,_the_Hunter_from_the_Future=Il mondo di Yor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outrage_(1950_film)=La preda della belva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Men_from_Now=I sette assassini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_Is_a_Woman_(1935_film)=Capriccio spagnolo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putney_Swope=Putney Swope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammers_Over_the_Anvil=Un piccolo grande eroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Tomorrow_(film)=Al di là del domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Call_Me_Renegade=Renegade - Un osso troppo duro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_by_the_Sea=Colpevole d'omicidio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Champion=Grand Champion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seasons_of_Giving=Winnie the Pooh: Tempo di regali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undisputed_(film)=Undisputed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumanji=Jumanji (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Polar_Express_(film)=Polar Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Insect_Woman=Cronache entomologiche del Giappone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Man=Il genio (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Julie_(1999_film)=Miss Julie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinning_Boris=Spinning Boris - Intrigo a Mosca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_at_the_Gallop=Assassinio al galoppatoio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicki_(film)=Hanno ucciso Vicki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_Me,_Boys!=I ragazzi di Camp Siddons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Treasure:_Book_of_Secrets=Il mistero delle pagine perdute - National Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_of_Evil=Il potere del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer's_Mountain=Quella nostra estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Knievel!=Le strabilianti avventure di Superasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bela_Lugosi_Meets_a_Brooklyn_Gorilla=Bela Lugosi e il gorilla di Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_of_Power=Il prezzo del potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis_Belle_(film)=Memphis Belle (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Editor=Il veleno del peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Territory_(film)=Gli amanti della città sepolta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Lee:_A_Warrior's_Journey=Bruce Lee - La leggenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_Behind:_The_Movie=Prima dell'apocalisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo_and_the_Cyber_Chase=Scooby-Doo e il viaggio nel tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_in_Where's_My_Mummy%3F=Scooby-Doo e la mummia maledetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murderers'_Row_(film)=Matt Helm... non perdona!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrecking_Crew_(1968_film)=Missione compiuta stop. Bacioni Matt Helm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadie_McKee=Sadie McKee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Me=Vi presento l'altro me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_Duel=Il grande duello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_of_Shadows=L'armata degli eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean's_Thirteen=Ocean's Thirteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Started_in_Naples=La baia di Napoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_39_Steps_(1935_film)=Il club dei 39
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Visiteurs_du_Soir=L'amore e il diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crucible_(1957_film)=Le vergini di Salem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zebraman=Zebraman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Vincent=Monsieur Vincent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tree_of_Wooden_Clogs=L'albero degli zoccoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedway_Junky=Speedway Junky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_Fire_(1987_film)=Kidnapping - Pericolo in agguato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_to_Leave=Il tempo che resta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Cable_Hogue=La ballata di Cable Hogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aria_(film)=Aria (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Facts_of_Life_(film)=Un adulterio difficile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaker!_Breaker!=Breaker! Breaker!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honolulu_(film)=Il sosia innamorato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Mother,_the_Mermaid=In-eo gongju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sensations_of_1945=Sfolgorio di stelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_8=Gli occhi del delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbeeps=Heartbeeps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_White's_1935_Scandals=George White's 1935 Scandals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addams_Family_Reunion=La famiglia Addams si riunisce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coast_Guard_(film)=Hae-anseon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khamoshi:_The_Musical=Khamoshi: The Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Singin'_Over_There%3F=Chi è che canta laggiù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Best_Thing=Sai che c'è di nuovo?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_of_Mine_(film)=Due madri per Eero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Sawyer_(1973_film)=Tom Sawyer (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_(film)=Morirai a mezzanotte (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wake_Up_Screaming=Situazione pericolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grounding_(film)=Grounding - Gli ultimi giorni di Swissair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Influence_(film)=Cattive compagnie (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hawks_and_the_Sparrows=Uccellacci e uccellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Frogtown=Return to Frogtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_in_the_Rain=Soldato sotto la pioggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellbound:_Hellraiser_II=Hellbound: Hellraiser II - Prigionieri dell'Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellraiser_III:_Hell_on_Earth=Hellraiser III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellraiser:_Bloodline=Hellraiser - La stirpe maledetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellraiser:_Inferno=Hellraiser 5: Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellraiser:_Hellseeker=Hellraiser: Hellseeker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellraiser:_Deader=Hellraiser: Deader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellraiser:_Hellworld=Hellraiser: Hellworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cow_Belles=Grosso guaio a River City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comancheros_(film)=I comanceros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiem_(2006_film)=Requiem (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_to_Alaska=Pugni, pupe e pepite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cain_and_Mabel=Caino e Adele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Ahoy!=Assassinio a bordo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rang_De_Basanti=Rang De Basanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legal_Eagles=Pericolosamente insieme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skipped_Parts=Skipped Parts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_a_Miracle=La vita è un miracolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asylum_(2005_film)=Follia (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wings_of_the_Dove_(1997_film)=Le ali dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Burials_of_Melquiades_Estrada=Le tre sepolture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junebug_(film)=Junebug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_Ned=Svegliati Ned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Wife_Is_a_Gangster=Ho sposato una gangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wish_I_Had_a_Wife=Nado anaega iss-eoss-eumyeon joketda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_on_the_Air=Love Is on the Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_the_West=Dove la terra scotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelor_(1999_film)=Lo scapolo d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Boat_(1929_film)=Mississipi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfront_1918=Westfront
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Gay_Movie=Another Gay Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Address_Unknown_(2001_film)=Indirizzo sconosciuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Wife_Is_a_Gangster_2=Jopok manura 2: Dor-a-on jeonseol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Is_My_Co-Pilot_(film)=Le tigri della Birmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_Man_Army=Un esercito di 5 uomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenobia_(film)=Zenobia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Machine_(2002_film)=The Time Machine (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Teach_Me_English=Yeong-eo-wanjeonjeongbok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_the_Dead_(2008_film)=Day of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_in_the_Moon=Sword in the Moon - La spada nella Luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bedroom_Window=The Bedroom Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navajo_Joe=Navajo Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cashback_(film)=Cashback (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_the_Spear=La punta della lancia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piranha_II:_The_Spawning=Piraña paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piranha_(1995_film)=Piranha - La morte viene dall'acqua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_the_House_(1995_film)=L'uomo di casa (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercenary_for_Justice=Mercenary for Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Furies_(1950_film)=Le furie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Madman_(film)=Horla - Diario segreto di un pazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framed_(1947_film)=Il cerchio si chiude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Promise_(2005_film)=The Promise (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Bloody_Valentine_(film)=Il giorno di San Valentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Creature=La vendetta del mostro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disco_Dancer=Disco Dancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Dusk_Till_Dawn_2:_Texas_Blood_Money=Dal tramonto all'alba 2 - Texas, sangue e denaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_(1963_film)=Lo spettro (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte's_Web_(1973_film)=La meravigliosa, stupenda storia di Carlotta e del porcellino Wilbur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windstruck=Windstruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Dusk_Till_Dawn_3:_The_Hangman's_Daughter=Dal tramonto all'alba 3 - La figlia del boia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Frank:_The_Whole_Story=La storia di Anne Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_the_Union_(film)=Lo stato dell'Unione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_in_Law=Mamma, ho trovato un fidanzato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Wraps_(film)=Una mummia per amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bitter_Tea_of_General_Yen=L'amaro tè del generale Yen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_O'Clock=A sangue freddo (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pushover_(film)=Criminale di turno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turning_Point_(1952_film)=Furore sulla città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Haunting=An American Haunting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nil_by_Mouth_(film)=Niente per bocca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_White_(2002_film)=Black and White (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Heads_in_a_Duffel_Bag=Otto teste e una valigia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_People=Pubblifollia - A New York qualcuno impazzisce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterday,_Today_and_Tomorrow=Ieri, oggi, domani (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_from_Ashiya=I tre da Ashiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Leathernecks=I diavoli alati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Grace_(2000_film)=L'erba di Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Men=I figli degli uomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varan_the_Unbelievable=Daikaijū Baran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Past=Pazzia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_the_City_(1953_film)=L'amore in città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inheritance_(2003_film)=L'eredità (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorath=Gorath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_Limits_(1988_film)=Saigon (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Invasion_of_Lapland=Rymdinvasion i Lappland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blood_Beast_Terror=Mostro di sangue (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_(2000_film)=Beautiful - Una vita da miss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Bath=Blood Bath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Initial_D_(film)=Initial D (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Diggers_of_1935=Donne di lusso 1935
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorority_Girl=La ragazza del gruppo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humko_Deewana_Kar_Gaye=Hum Ko Deewana Kar Gaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Outdoors_(film)=Non è stata una vacanza... è stata una guerra!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Our_King_and_Queen_Through_India=With Our King and Queen Through India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orchestra_Rehearsal=Prova d'orchestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duet_for_One=Duet for One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jealousy_Is_My_Middle_Name=Jiltuneun naui him
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Creature_Walks_Among_Us=Il terrore sul mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barbarian_and_the_Geisha=Il barbaro e la geisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dementia_13=Terrore alla 13ª ora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torremolinos_73=Torremolinos 73 - Ma tu lo faresti un film porno?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandni_Bar=Chandni Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pan_(1924_film)=Peter Pan (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brannigan_(film)=Ispettore Brannigan, la morte segue la tua ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_flic=Notte sulla città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_bidone=Il bidone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Ship_Sails_On=E la nave va
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intervista=Intervista (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_the_Moon=La voce della Luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subspecies_(film_series)=Subspecies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Ran_All_the_Way=Ho amato un fuorilegge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Nazi_Spy=Confessioni di una spia nazista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fellini's_Casanova=Il Casanova di Federico Fellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Women=La città delle donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casanova's_Big_Night=La grande notte di Casanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(1939_film)=La voce nella tempesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parole_Officer=Un'insolita missione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunshinsaba=Bunsinsaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Affair=Jeongsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamgirls_(film)=Dreamgirls (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Cry_(film)=Far Cry (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Infermiera=L'infermiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Au_Revoir,_UFO=Annyeong! UFO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S_Diary=S Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beware,_My_Lovely=La jena di Oakland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_A.D._1972=1972: Dracula colpisce ancora!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Goes_West=Il fantasma galante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Schuh_des_Manitu=Der Schuh des Manitu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Have_I_Done_to_Deserve_This%3F_(film)=Che ho fatto io per meritare questo?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_of_Desire=La legge del desiderio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sunday_in_the_Country=Una domenica in campagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_Where_Did_the_7th_Company_Get_to%3F=Dov'è finita la 7ª compagnia?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criminal_(2004_film)=Criminal (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Freshman_(1990_film)=Il boss e la matricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Freshman_(1925_film)=Viva lo sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Love=Making Love (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_(2001_film)=Dust (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_Ballet=Bullet Ballet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irreconcilable_Differences=Vertenza inconciliabile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodan_(film)=Rodan, il mostro alato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_the_Afternoon_(1957_film)=Arianna (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chopping_Mall=Supermarket horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hombre_(film)=Hombre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souls_for_Sale=Souls for Sale (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elevator_to_the_Gallows=Ascensore per il patibolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Trade_Center_(film)=World Trade Center (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_Me_Quietly=Seguimi in silenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawk_the_Slayer=La spada di Hok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Zapatero!=Viva Zapatero!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_and_Peace_(1956_film)=Guerra e pace (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-PAX_(film)=K-PAX - Da un altro mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_My_Gal=Io e la mia ragazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Untouchables_(film)=The Untouchables - Gli intoccabili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Expectation=Widaehan yusan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempest_(1928_film)=Nella tempesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_(2006_film)=Daisy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Veil=Settimo velo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Lily_Chou-Chou=Lily Chou-Chou no subete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Strangers=Amaro destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Locomotive_Chase=Le 22 spie dell'Unione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fool_There_Was_(1915_film)=La vampira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High,_Wide,_and_Handsome=Sorgenti d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madagascar:_Escape_2_Africa=Madagascar 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue_Dawn=L'alba della libertà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandolero!=Bandolero!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wise_Blood_(film)=La saggezza nel sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trafic=Monsieur Hulot nel caos del traffico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_of_Bethulia=Giuditta di Betulia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_with_the_Wind=Baram-ui jeonseol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_Something=Tell Me Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marrying_the_Mafia_II=Gamun-ui wigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearless_(2006_film)=Fearless (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinsukki_Blues=Shin Suk-ki blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Thieves=I sette ladri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Small_Circle_of_Friends=A Small Circle of Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italianamerican=Italoamericani (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Wild_Irish_Rose=My Wild Irish Rose (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guyver=Guyver (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Book_(film)=Black Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipper's_New_Adventure=Flipper contro i pirati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Mirror=Into the Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_Special_(film)=Aneun yeoja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Be_(1970_film)=Let It Be - Un giorno con i Beatles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help!_(film)=Aiuto!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ransom!=Il ricatto più vile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Man_on_Earth_(1924_film)=The Last Man on Earth (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Games_(1997_film)=Funny Games (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humanoids_from_the_Deep=Monster - Esseri ignoti dai profondi abissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_on_Pier_13=Lo schiavo della violenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Madagascar_Penguins_in_a_Christmas_Caper=Pinguini di Madagascar in Missione Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Dae-ro_Can't_Die=Lee Dae-ro, jug-eul sun eobtda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragnet_(1987_film)=La retata (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_(2006_film)=Penelope (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_President's_Men_(film)=Tutti gli uomini del presidente (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_Man's_Revenge=La rivincita dell'uomo invisibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bon_Voyage_(1944_film)=Bon Voyage (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dungeonmaster=Il demone delle galassie infernali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father's_Little_Dividend=Papà diventa nonno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Little_3:_Call_of_the_Wild=Stuart Little 3 - Un topolino nella foresta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mothra_(film)=Mosura (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Andromeda_Strain_(film)=Andromeda (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_9,_Liberty_37=Amore, piombo e furore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knights_of_the_South_Bronx=Scacco matto nel Bronx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sucker=Colpo grosso ma non troppo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadgati=Sadgati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Year=Un'ottima annata - A Good Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Love_(film)=Dirty Love - Tutti pazzi per Jenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhandled=Manhandled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rude_Boy_(film)=Rude Boy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Steamroller_and_the_Violin=Il rullo compressore e il violino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamhe=Lamhe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_Rivals=Yeoseonsaeng vs yeojeja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noi_the_Albino=Nói albínói
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howl's_Moving_Castle_(film)=Il castello errante di Howl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Is_Great_and_I'm_Not=Dio è grande, io no
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Valley_Serenade=Serenata a Vallechiara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dot_the_i=Dot the I - Passione fatale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarak=Zarak Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_Bat=Notti di terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Corpse_Vanishes=Il corpo scomparso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_(2005_film)=9 (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Shooter_(film)=Six Shooter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin's_Nightmare=L'incubo di Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_(2007_film)=Control (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infection_(2004_film)=Infection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_List_of_Adrian_Messenger=I cinque volti dell'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_(1997_film)=The Game - Nessuna regola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feast_(2005_film)=Feast (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harem_(film)=Harem (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarkar_Raj=Sarkar Raj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Contract_(2006_film)=The Contract
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitty_Chitty_Bang_Bang=Citty Citty Bang Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita_and_the_Castle_of_the_Undersea_Devil=Doraemon: Nobita no kaitei kigan-jō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mafia!=Mafia!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Country_for_Old_Men_(film)=Non è un paese per vecchi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Painting_the_Clouds_with_Sunshine_(film)=Femmine bionde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Words_and_Music_(1948_film)=Parole e musica (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atragon=Atragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G_Men=La pattuglia dei senza paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_Chill_(film)=Wind Chill - Ghiaccio rosso sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Cuore_nel_Pozzo=Il cuore nel pozzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Light_(film)=Luce rossa (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akeelah_and_the_Bee=Una parola per un sogno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Privates=Gianni e Pinotto reclute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_in_the_Tropics=One Night in the Tropics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoot_(film)=Hoot (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samurai_I:_Musashi_Miyamoto=Miyamoto Musashi (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smokin'_Aces=Smokin' Aces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Zimmer=Anthony Zimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_That_Time_Forgot_(film)=Gli uomini della terra dimenticata dal tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Earth's_Core_(film)=Centro della Terra: continente sconosciuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samurai_II:_Duel_at_Ichijoji_Temple=Zoku Miyamoto Musashi: ichijōji no kettō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colossus_of_Rhodes_(film)=Il colosso di Rodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleven_Men_Out=Eleven Men Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_of_the_Gypsies=Il tempo dei gitani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_Velocity:_Three_Portraits=Personal Velocity - Il momento giusto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London_(1939_film)=L'usurpatore (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mob_(film)=Luci sull'asfalto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_Obstructions=Le cinque variazioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pumpkinhead_II:_Blood_Wings=Pumpkinhead II: Blood Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_in_Venice=Nosferatu a Venezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Knife=Il grande coltello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary,_Mother_of_Jesus_(film)=Maria, madre di Gesù (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavalcade_(1933_film)=Cavalcata (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Man_on_Earth_(1964_film)=L'ultimo uomo della Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Debaters=The Great Debaters - Il potere della parola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Soldier_(1992_film)=I nuovi eroi (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocco_and_His_Brothers=Rocco e i suoi fratelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Chappelle's_Block_Party=Block Party (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Dreams=Buffalo Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Flesh_(film)=Carne trémula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_for_Kicks_(2003_film)=I gemelli del goal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnt_Offerings_(film)=Ballata macabra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amityville_Horror_(1979_film)=Amityville Horror (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strait-Jacket=5 corpi senza testa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kafka_(film)=Delitti e segreti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stromboli_(film)=Stromboli (Terra di Dio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tension_(film)=Tensione (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swan_Princess=L'incantesimo del lago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flim-Flam_Man=Carta che vince, carta che perde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_Danger=Nei bassifondi di Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_VIII:_The_Big_Freeze=Alla ricerca della Valle Incantata 8 - Avventura tra i ghiacci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Or_(My_Treasure)=Or (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khamosh_Pani=Acque silenziose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catchfire=Ore contate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Death=After Death (Oltre la morte)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball:_Curse_of_the_Blood_Rubies=Dragon Ball - La leggenda delle sette sfere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Potter=Miss Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Merry_Pooh_Year=Buon anno con Winnie the Pooh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safety_Not_Guaranteed=Safety Not Guaranteed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hired_Hand=Il ritorno di Harry Collings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_at_the_Blue_Iguana=Dancing at the Blue Iguana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Failure_to_Launch=A casa con i suoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monster_Club=Il club dei mostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Medusa_Touch_(film)=Il tocco della medusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Gordon_(film)=Flash Gordon (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immortal_Story=Storia immortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Living_Dead=Il ritorno dei morti viventi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carefree_(film)=Girandola (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Undercover_Man=Mani lorde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bopha!=Bopha!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_the_Night:_Collectors_Edition=Rock the Night: Collectors' Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_of_the_Vampires=Terrore nello spazio (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Deuces=I diavoli volanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Author!_Author!_(film)=Papà, sei una frana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breaking_Point_(1950_film)=Golfo del Messico (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hounddog_(film)=Hounddog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Buck_Howard=The Great Buck Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Major_and_the_Minor=Frutto proibito (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evdokia_(film)=Evdokia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strong_Man=La grande sparata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutiny_on_the_Bounty_(1935_film)=La tragedia del Bounty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutiny_on_the_Bounty_(1962_film)=Gli ammutinati del Bounty (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lake_House_(film)=La casa sul lago del tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_the_Dark=Live from the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Resurrection_of_Broncho_Billy=The Resurrection of Broncho Billy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Man_(2006_film)=Quel nano infame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaos_Theory_(film)=Chaos Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phenomena_(film)=Phenomena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inferno_(1980_film)=Inferno (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlet_(1964_film)=Amleto (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_39_Steps_(1959_film)=I 39 scalini (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toys_in_the_Attic_(1963_film)=La porta dei sogni (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_(1977_film)=Heroes (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghoul_(1933_film)=The Ghoul (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_Musical_2=High School Musical 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenebrae_(film)=Tenebre (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Scared_Stupid=Ernesto e una spaventosa eredità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman:_Brainiac_Attacks=Superman: Brainiac Attacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Dev_Adam=3 Dev Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captains_Courageous_(1937_film)=Capitani coraggiosi (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Weird_Al%22_Yankovic:_The_Ultimate_Video_Collection="Weird Al" Yankovic: The Ultimate Video Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_and_I_(1956_film)=Il re ed io (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie's_Choice_(film)=La scelta di Sophie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind_That_Shakes_the_Barley_(film)=Il vento che accarezza l'erba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Fan=The Biggest Fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RV_(film)=Vita da camper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Anna=All About Anna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copying_Beethoven=Io e Beethoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudden_Death_(1995_film)=A rischio della vita (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_and_His_Brothers=Agnes und seine Brüder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calendar_Girl_(1993_film)=La troviamo a Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Arms_of_Strangers:_Stories_of_the_Kindertransport=La fuga degli angeli - Storie del Kindertransport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plunkett_&_Macleane=Plunkett & Macleane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_in_a_Purple_Haze=Un ragazzo contro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_of_the_Opera_(1962_film)=Il fantasma dell'Opera (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Goldfoot_and_the_Bikini_Machine=Dr. Goldfoot e il nostro agente 00¼
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade_(film)=Jade (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milk_Money_(film)=Lezioni di anatomia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Willy_3:_The_Rescue=Free Willy 3 - Il salvataggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_in_Command=The Commander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathstalker_and_the_Warriors_from_Hell=Deathstalker III - I guerrieri dell'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refused_Are_Fucking_Dead=Refused Are Fucking Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Bruce=My Name Is Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truck_Turner=È tempo di uccidere detective Treck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_File_on_Thelma_Jordon=Il romanzo di Thelma Jordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_We_Done_Yet%3F=Finalmente a casa (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shall_We_Dance_(1937_film)=Voglio danzare con te
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pope_of_Greenwich_Village=Il Papa del Greenwich Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_of_Worms_(film)=Mamma, io vengo da un altro pianeta?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_Ghoul=The Mad Ghoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowhere_to_Run_(1993_film)=Accerchiato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Little_Girls=4 Little Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Buy_Me_Love_(film)=Playboy in prova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Cops=Two Cops (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pooh's_Heffalump_Halloween_Movie=Il primo Halloween da Efelante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Condom=Killer Condom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_Born,_But...=Sono nato, ma...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appointment_with_Death_(film)=Appuntamento con la morte (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_World_of_Planet_X_(film)=The Strange World of Planet X (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basket_Case_2=Basket Case 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangeland_(film)=Strangeland (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_(1990_film)=Trust - Fidati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_and_Her_Boyfriend=Charlotte et son Jules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Be_or_Not_to_Be_(1983_film)=Essere o non essere (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Deadly_Sins_(1962_film)=I sette peccati capitali (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boot_Polish_(film)=Boot Polish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/88_Minutes=88 minuti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Box=Stupenda conquista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roswell:_The_Aliens_Attack=Roswell - Lo sbarco degli alieni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywoodland=Hollywoodland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_of_Spades_(1960_film)=Pikovaja dama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abominable_Snowman_(film)=Il mostruoso uomo delle nevi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_(1938_film)=Incantesimo (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Vampiri=I vampiri (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_the_Pharaohs=La regina delle piramidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stud_(film)=The Stud - Lo stallone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bitch_(film)=The Bitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Godiva_Rides_Again=Nuda ma non troppo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hellstrom_Chronicle=La cronaca di Hellstrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reign_Over_Me=Reign Over Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Room_(film)=La camera verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alone_in_the_Dark_(1982_film)=Nel buio da soli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sender=Il messaggero della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Night=Hell Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Fences=Good Fences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_Lord_Slug=Dragon Ball Z - La sfida dei guerrieri invincibili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristana=Tristana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trial_(1962_film)=Il processo (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Wu:_Homecoming_Warrior=Wendy Wu: Guerriera alle prime armi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caretakers=Donne inquiete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razorback_(film)=Razorback - Oltre l'urlo del demonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Outlaws=Gli ultimi fuorilegge (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Skied_Down_Everest=The Man Who Skied Down Everest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alienator=Alienator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaastav:_The_Reality=Vaastav: The Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delicate_Sound_of_Thunder_(film)=Delicate Sound of Thunder (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulse_(1995_film)=Pulse (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untamed_(1929_film)=L'indomabile (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Paradise=Club Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riki-Oh:_The_Story_of_Ricky=Riki-Oh: The Story of Ricky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_You_Like_It_(2006_film)=As You Like It - Come vi piace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Truth=Nichts als die Wahrheit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solas_(film)=Solas (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_You_Can_Tell_Just_by_Looking_at_Her=Le cose che so di lei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_3D=Dracula 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Inconvenient_Truth=Una scomoda verità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varsity_Show_(film)=Invito alla danza (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devdas_(2002_Hindi_film)=Devdas (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence_(1977_film)=Providence (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comrade_X=Corrispondente X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phenix_City_Story=La città del vizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knock_Off_(film)=Hong Kong colpo su colpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Living_Dead=Children of the Living Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Autopsy_(film)=Alien Autopsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_They_Raided_Minsky's=Quella notte inventarono lo spogliarello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fool=La follia di Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_13=I segreti per farla innamorare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_of_the_Apocalypse=I quattro dell'apocalisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepaway_Camp_III:_Teenage_Wasteland=Sleepaway Camp III: Teenage Wasteland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_So_Few=Sacro e profano (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stick_It=Stick It - Sfida e conquista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beware_of_the_Car=Beregis avtomobilja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Bear_2=Koda, fratello orso 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_&_Jane=Tarzan & Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countess_Dracula=La morte va a braccetto con le vergini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_II=Tarzan 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_XI:_Invasion_of_the_Tinysauruses=Alla ricerca della Valle Incantata 11 - L'invasione dei minisauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honeymoon_Machine=Per favore non toccate le palline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assunta_Spina_(1915_film)=Assunta Spina (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirates_Who_Don't_Do_Anything:_A_VeggieTales_Movie=I pirati fannulloni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dentist_2=The Dentist 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_of_the_Megaplex=Il fantasma del Megaplex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grbavica_(film)=Il segreto di Esma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abandon_(film)=Abandon - Misteriosi omicidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Qiu_Ju=La storia di Qiu Ju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Legends:_Bloody_Mary=Urban Legend 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._India_(1987_film)=Mr. India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_World=Il mondo del silenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_Luggage_(film)=Left Luggage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antarctica_(1983_film)=Antarctica (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Way_Street=Appuntamento con la morte (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo'_Money=Pioggia di soldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Left_Hand_of_God=La mano sinistra di Dio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_and_Girls_(2000_film)=Boys and Girls - Attenzione: il sesso cambia tutto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepaway_Camp_II:_Unhappy_Campers=Sleepaway Camp II: Unhappy Campers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Objective,_Burma!=Obiettivo Burma!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Panama_Deception=The Panama Deception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_(1942_film)=Ombre di Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_League_of_Extraordinary_Gentlemen_(film)=La leggenda degli uomini straordinari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Without_Sun=Il mondo senza sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminal_Velocity_(film)=Terminal Velocity (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horror_of_Frankenstein=Gli orrori di Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_of_the_Vampire=Il sangue del vampiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Cliffs_of_Dover_(film)=Le bianche scogliere di Dover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Do_Anything=Una figlia in carriera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Land_Is_Mine_(film)=Questa terra è mia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extremities_(film)=Oltre ogni limite (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon's_Senior_Trip=La scuola più pazza del mondo (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeping_City=Mentre la città dorme (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakeezah=Pakeezah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Station_(film)=L'ultima preda (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Spirits_(film)=High Spirits - Fantasmi da legare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band_of_the_Hand=I 5 della squadra d'assalto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Evil_Eyes=Due occhi diabolici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_than_Fiction_(2006_film)=Vero come la finzione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diabolique_(1996_film)=Diabolique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tourist_Trap_(film)=Horror Puppet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_the_Man%3F=Poliziotti per caso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aviator_(1985_film)=Aviator - Amore tra le nuvole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permanent_Record_(film)=Il peso del ricordo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_Creatures=The Eye Creatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Weird_Al%22_Yankovic_Live!="Weird Al" Yankovic Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionheart_(1990_film)=Lionheart - Scommessa vincente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximum_Risk=Maximum Risk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangkok_Dangerous_(1999_film)=Bangkok Dangerous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rare_Breed=Rancho Bravo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_at_the_Museum=Una notte al museo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorro's_Fighting_Legion=Zorro (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_1=Out 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dust_Factory=Il lago dei sogni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cockfighter=Cockfighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li'l_Abner_(1959_film)=Il villaggio più pazzo del mondo (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenchi_Forever!_The_Movie=Chi ha bisogno di Tenchi? - The Movie - Memorie lontane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_White=The Big White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Ron=Finché dura siamo a galla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Condition_(film)=Un fantasma per amico (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricochet_(film)=Verdetto finale (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Quinn_(film)=Jamaica Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Queen_and_Country=Dio salvi la regina (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Gadget_(film)=Inspector Gadget (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schizoid_(film)=Schizoid (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Birthday_to_Me_(film)=Compleanno di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witchboard=Spiritika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Otik=Otesánek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_bewegte_Mann=Tutti lo vogliono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeline:_Lost_in_Paris=Madeline - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_and_Juliet_(1908_film)=Romeo and Juliet (film 1908)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Red=Profondo rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Spring_(film)=Aoi haru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewardess_School=L'aereo più pazzo del mondo 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_%22Weird_Al%22_Yankovic_Video_Library=The "Weird Al" Yankovic Video Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alapalooza:_The_Videos=Alapalooza: The Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Knows_You're_Alone=He Knows You're Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Weird_Al%22_Yankovic:_The_Ultimate_Collection="Weird Al" Yankovic: The Ultimate Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boom_(film)=Boom (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Hair_Day:_The_Videos=Bad Hair Day: The Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_One_Red_Shoe=L'uomo con la scarpa rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Weird_Al%22_Yankovic:_The_Videos="Weird Al" Yankovic: The Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senseless=Effetti collaterali (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuelle_in_America=Emanuelle in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_Wild=The River Wild - Il fiume della paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine_Me_&_You=Imagine Me & You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_the_Bone_(film)=Down to the Bone (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Light_Up_My_Life_(film)=Tu accendi la mia vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_World_(2001_film)=Il mondo perduto (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mountain_Road=Tempesta sulla Cina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roommates_(1995_film)=Un adorabile testardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cookie's_Fortune=La fortuna di Cookie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories_of_Underdevelopment=Memorie del sottosviluppo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_II:_Dreams_Come_True=Cenerentola II - Quando i sogni diventano realtà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammoth_(2006_film)=Mammoth (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kissed=Kissed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Kingdom:_The_Dragon_King=La saga dei Nibelunghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey,_We_Shrunk_Ourselves=Tesoro, ci siamo ristretti anche noi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Hold_Your_Hand_(film)=1964 - Allarme a N.Y. arrivano i Beatles!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rustlers'_Rhapsody=Addio vecchio West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_a_Boy=About a Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Caesar_(film)=Black Caesar - Il Padrino nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_and_Holding=Twelve and Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Drew_(2007_film)=Nancy Drew (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Lightyear_of_Star_Command:_The_Adventure_Begins=Buzz Lightyear da Comando Stellare - Si parte!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Up_in_Harlem=Tommy Gibbs criminale per giustizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Wizard_of_Oz_(1910_film)=Il mago di Oz (film 1910)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_at_the_Edge_of_the_World=Il faro in capo al mondo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Countess=La contessa bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duchess_and_the_Dirtwater_Fox=La volpe e la duchessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_and_Liars=Viaggio con Anita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildcats_(film)=Una bionda per i Wildcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protocol_(film)=Protocol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_on_a_Wire_(film)=Due nel mirino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CrissCross=CrissCross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deceived=Doppio inganno (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_You_Like_It_(1936_film)=Come vi piace (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_Only_One_Jimmy_Grimble=Jimmy Grimble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodbath_at_the_House_of_Death=Bloodbath at the House of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory's_Two_Girls=Gregory's Two Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Condemned=The Condemned - L'isola della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massacre_at_Central_High=Massacro al Central College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alley_Cats_Strike=La squadra di bowling Alley Cats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ice_Pirates=I pirati dello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10,000_BC_(film)=10.000 AC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvira's_Haunted_Hills=La casa stregata di Elvira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I.D._(1995_film)=Hooligans (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Aliens=Evil Aliens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutter's_Way=Alla maniera di Cutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Giant=My Giant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_a_Teenage_Frankenstein=La strage di Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visit_(1964_film)=La vendetta della signora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mechanik=The Mechanik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Hell=Hell - Esplode la furia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Number_Slevin=Slevin - Patto criminale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Crossing=Fuga nella notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Saw_What_You_Did=Gli occhi degli altri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berserk!=Il cerchio di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Shaker_Heights=La battaglia di Shaker Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuo_II:_Body_Hammer=Tetsuo II: Body Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinyl_(1965_film)=Vinyl (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bullet_for_the_General=Quién sabe?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wholly_Moses!=Io, modestamente, Mosè
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipwrecked_(1990_film)=Naufragio (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balto_II:_Wolf_Quest=Balto - Il mistero del lupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palooka_(film)=Palooka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glorifying_the_American_Girl=Glorifying the American Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_X:_The_Great_Longneck_Migration=Alla ricerca della Valle Incantata 10 - La grande migrazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fido_(film)=Fido (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancers_(film)=Giselle (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perdita_Durango=Perdita Durango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Brigitte=Erasmo il lentigginoso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorian_Blues=Dorian Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devdas_(1955_film)=Devdas (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devdas_(1935_film)=Devdas (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phat_Girlz=L'amore si fa largo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elstree_Calling=Parla Elstree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husbands_(film)=Mariti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Handmaid's_Tale_(film)=Il racconto dell'ancella (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hairspray_(2007_film)=Hairspray - Grasso è bello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Tell_the_Spartans=Vittorie perdute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forbidden_City=La città proibita (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidulthood=Kidulthood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_David_(film)=Io sono David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_&_Dying=Living & Dying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3:10_to_Yuma_(2007_film)=Quel treno per Yuma (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob-B-Hood=Rob-B-Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avatar_(2009_film)=Avatar (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Knight_(film)=Il cavaliere oscuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kid_from_Tibet=A Kid from Tibet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Uncle=King Uncle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_the_Earth_Caught_Fire=...e la Terra prese fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby:_Secret_of_the_Lost_Legend=Baby - Il segreto della leggenda perduta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satan's_Little_Helper=Halloween Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repli-Kate=Repli-Kate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Badge=The Badge - Inchiesta scandalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Tricker_and_the_Stamp_Traveller=Tommy Tricker e il francobollo magico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armaan_(2003_film)=Armaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepwalkers_(film)=I sonnambuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein_and_the_Monster_from_Hell=Frankenstein e il mostro dell'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Barbarians=I nuovi barbari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bicentennial_Man_(film)=L'uomo bicentenario (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisbon_Story_(1994_film)=Lisbon Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flower_of_My_Secret=Il fiore del mio segreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheetah_Girls_2=Cheetah Girls 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gamers_(film)=The Gamers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollow_Man_2=L'uomo senza ombra 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_(1930_film)=La terra (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Beat_the_High_Cost_of_Living=Ladre e contente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Believers=The Believers - I credenti del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knocked_Up=Molto incinta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Road_(1997_film)=Paradise Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_with_Money=Friends with Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slayers_Premium=Slayers Premium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rat_Pack_(film)=Rat Pack - Da Hollywood a Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_to_Run_(film)=Un cavallo un po' matto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_on_Fire_(1979_film)=Città in fiamme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Even_Stevens_Movie=Una famiglia allo sbaraglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_and_the_Mole_Men=Superman and the Mole-Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dedication_(film)=Dedication (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Heresy=Global Heresy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_(2002_film)=Pure (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_in_a_Blue_Dress_(film)=Il diavolo in blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_10=The Eye Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Best_Friend_Is_a_Vampire=La brillante carriera di un giovane vampiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Public_Eye_(film)=Occhio indiscreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephants_Dream=Elephants Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Whales_(film)=White Whales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhapsody_in_Blue_(film)=Rapsodia in blu (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_the_Mummy's_Tomb=Il mistero della mummia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duplicate_(1998_film)=Duplicate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumping_Ship=In vacanza con i pirati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Analysis=Analisi finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_or_Consequences,_N.M._(film)=Viaggio senza ritorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_the_Flying_Guillotine=Du bi quan wang da po xue di zi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slayers_Gorgeous=Slayers Gorgeous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rope_of_Sand=La corda di sabbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Prince_Achmed=Achmed, il principe fantastico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Who_Make_Tomorrow=Asu o tsukuru hitobito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaos_(2001_film)=Chaos (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_of_Winter=Omicidio allo specchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Endings_(film)=Happy Endings (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_Bridge_(1931_film)=La donna che non si deve amare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immoral_Tales_(film)=Racconti immorali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cure:_Trilogy=Trilogy (The Cure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Way_for_Tomorrow=Cupo tramonto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Always_Know_What_You_Did_Last_Summer=Leggenda mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bucket_of_Blood=Un secchio di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Foul_King=Banchig-wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_and_Costello_Meet_Captain_Kidd=Kidd il pirata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_(1985_film)=La sposa promessa (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Sebastian_Cole=The Adventures of Sebastian Cole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Is_for_Heroes_(film)=L'inferno è per gli eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Spy_(film)=Le spie (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countdown_(1968_film)=Conto alla rovescia (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_Earth_(1947_film)=Bellezze in cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight_and_Every_Night=Stanotte e ogni notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Gal_Sal=Follie di New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loves_of_Carmen_(1948_film)=Gli amori di Carmen (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strawberry_Blonde=Bionda fragola (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyborg_2=Cyborg 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulse_(1988_film)=Pulse - Scossa mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutting_Class=Il ritorno di Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slumber_Party_Massacre=The Slumber Party Massacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_the_Long_Shadows=La casa delle ombre lunghe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepfather_II=Il patrigno II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Funhouse=Il tunnel dell'orrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Lock=La grande porta grigia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocahontas_II:_Journey_to_a_New_World=Pocahontas II - Viaggio nel nuovo mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_2=The Eye 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grapes_of_Wrath_(film)=Furore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_of_the_Tiger=Il bandito dell'Epiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matchstick_Men=Il genio della truffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Castles=Castelli di ghiaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Entry=No Entry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rancho_Notorious=Rancho Notorious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris,_je_t'aime=Paris, je t'aime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fox_and_the_Hound_2=Red e Toby 2 - Nemiciamici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spice_World_(film)=Spice Girls - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nugget=The Nugget - Tre uomini e una pepita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallboy=Mallboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changing_Times_(film)=I tempi che cambiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sextette=Sextette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_(film)=Private (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nico_and_Dani=Krámpack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_(1986_film)=Chi è sepolto in quella casa?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyager_(film)=Passioni violente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nero_(2004_film)=Nerone (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_on_a_Sunday_Morning=Un coupable idéal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alag=Alag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_Shouldn't_Play_with_Dead_Things=L'assedio dei morti viventi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_to_Kill_(1988_film)=Sulle tracce dell'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Americans_(film)=Young Americans (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gypsy_Moths=I temerari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratz_Genie_Magic=Bratz: Genie magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_the_Living_Dead=Paura nella città dei morti viventi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan's_Greatest_Adventure=Il terrore corre sul fiume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_in_the_Invisible_Bikini=Il castello delle donne maledette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Lord=I due cugini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_of_Fire=Island of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komodo_(film)=Komodo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal_of_the_Century=L'affare del secolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kebab_Connection=Kebab Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamera_vs._Viras=Il mostro invincibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamera:_Guardian_of_the_Universe=Gamera - Daikaijū kūchū kessen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamera_2:_Attack_of_Legion=Gamera 2 - Legion shūrai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Jefferson_(film)=Thomas Jefferson (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Universe_(film)=Across the Universe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Pacific_(film)=La via dei giganti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiley_Face_(film)=Smiley Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatal_Fury:_Legend_of_the_Hungry_Wolf=Fatal Fury: La leggenda del lupo famelico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spanish_Main=Nel mar dei Caraibi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clockers_(film)=Clockers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Impostor=Il grande impostore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bait_(2000_film)=Bait - L'esca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Vampire_(film)=Il mio amico vampiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Walk_Alone=Le vie della città (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatal_Fury_2:_The_New_Battle=Fatal Fury 2 - La sfida di Wolfgang Krauser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_X_(film)=Generazione X (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nanny_Diaries_(film)=Il diario di una tata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gate_of_Hell_(film)=La porta dell'inferno (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_Iron=L'uomo di ferro (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Pagador_de_Promessas=La parola data
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_(1999_film)=Sunshine (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath_the_Valley_of_the_Ultra-Vixens=Beneath the Valley of the Ultra-Vixens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Girl_(1958_film)=Il dominatore di Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kart_Racer=Kart Racer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_Taneyamagahara=Taneyamagahara no yoru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rally_Round_the_Flag,_Boys!=Missili in giardino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_of_Sheba_(1921_film)=La regina di Saba (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_on_Track=Dragster Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Betsy=Betsy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Dreams_(film)=Vivere nel terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andre_(film)=Andre - Un amico con le pinne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorama_(film)=Motorama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Ray_(film)=Il raggio verde (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regarding_Henry=A proposito di Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Wait=La lunga notte (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Scoundrel=Il diabolico avventuriero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hondo_(film)=Hondo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Knack_...and_How_to_Get_It=Non tutti ce l'hanno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Son's_Room=La stanza del figlio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Intentions=Con le migliori intenzioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternity_and_a_Day=L'eternità e un giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Sun_of_Satan=Sotto il sole di Satana (romanzo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfly_on_a_Wheel=Shattered - Gioco mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_the_Lead=Ti va di ballare?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Son_of_Monte_Cristo=Il figlio di Montecristo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrano_de_Bergerac_(1950_film)=Cirano di Bergerac (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Swindle=Beomjoe-ui jaeguseong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Sisters_(2002_film)=Twin Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlander_(film)=Highlander - L'ultimo immortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlander_II:_The_Quickening=Highlander II - Il ritorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlander_III:_The_Sorcerer=Highlander 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlander:_The_Source=Highlander: The Source
http://dbpedia.org/resource/.45_(film)=.45 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Magorium's_Wonder_Emporium=Mr. Magorium e la bottega delle meraviglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonah:_A_VeggieTales_Movie=Jonah: un film dei Verdurini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Takes_Two_(1995_film)=Matrimonio a 4 mani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_(1991_film)=La strada per il paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eating_Out=Eating Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Safe_Place=Un posto tranquillo (film 1971)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Night=All Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_That_Dripped_Blood=La casa che grondava sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_It_Takes_(2000_film)=Costi quel che costi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Hell_(film)=La vera storia di Jack lo squartatore - From Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_Next_Door=La signora della porta accanto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/491_(film)=490+1=491
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_on_the_Fourth_of_July_(film)=Nato il quattro luglio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trespass_(1992_film)=I trasgressori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_L.A.=Welcome to L.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leopard_(1963_film)=Il Gattopardo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season_of_the_Witch_(1973_film)=La stagione della strega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Jones_(1993_film)=Mr. Jones (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lista_de_Espera=Lista d'attesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habana_Blues=Habana Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_(1999_film)=Jesus (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_A_Part_II=Project A II - Operazione pirati 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marebito_(film)=Marebito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_St._Petersburg=La fine di San Pietroburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_(1996_film)=Mamma torno a casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_(1926_film)=La madre (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey,_Donald,_Goofy:_The_Three_Musketeers=Topolino, Paperino, Pippo: I tre moschettieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_(1921_film)=La signora delle camelie (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Images_(film)=Images (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Itch_in_Time=A tempo di prurito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Number_23=Number 23
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Lessons_(1981_film)=Lezioni maliziose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straightheads=Closure - Vendetta a due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species_III=Species III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Rajah=Il giovane Rajah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisztomania_(film)=Lisztomania (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_Sheila=Un rebus per l'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garbo_Talks=Cercando la Garbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larger_than_Life_(film)=Per amore di Vera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Married_Virgin=L'avventuriero (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Academy_4:_Citizens_on_Patrol=Scuola di polizia 4 - Cittadini in... guardia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thorn_Birds:_The_Missing_Years=Uccelli di rovo - Gli anni mancanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Most_Important_Thing:_Love=L'importante è amare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shocker_(film)=Sotto shock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Eat_Fried_Worms_(film)=Come mangiare i vermi fritti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheaper_by_the_Dozen_(1950_film)=Dodici lo chiamano papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_and_See=Va' e vedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Pippi_Longstocking=Le nuove avventure di Pippi Calzelunghe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunchback_of_Notre_Dame_II=Il gobbo di Notre Dame II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinbad_the_Sailor_(1947_film)=Sinbad il marinaio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_de_Zombis=La notte dei morti dementi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basket_Case_3:_The_Progeny=Basket Case 3: The Progeny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Sleeping_Corpses_Lie_(film)=Non si deve profanare il sonno dei morti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Navigator_(1924_film)=Il navigatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_Down_East=Agonia sui ghiacci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_King's_Men_(1949_film)=Tutti gli uomini del re (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munchies_(film)=Munchies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Soldier:_The_Return=Universal Soldier: The Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Melting_Man=L'uomo di cera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Gadget_2=Inspector Gadget 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_and_Souls=4 fantasmi per un sogno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benji_the_Hunted=4 cuccioli da salvare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defender_(2004_film)=The Defender (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stories_of_Lost_Souls=Stories of Lost Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormbreaker_(film)=Alex Rider: Stormbreaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombie_Nightmare=Zombie Nightmare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Prejudice_(film)=Ricercati: ufficialmente morti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_in_the_Shell:_Stand_Alone_Complex_-_Solid_State_Society=Ghost in the Shell: S.A.C. Solid State Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Support_Your_Local_Gunfighter=L'infallibile pistolero strabico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shottas=Shottas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_but_Trouble_(1991_film)=Nient'altro che guai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobra_(1925_film)=Cobra (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_from_the_Second_Floor=Canzoni del secondo piano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Juan_(1926_film)=Don Giovanni e Lucrezia Borgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kika_(film)=Kika - Un corpo in prestito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Student_Prince_in_Old_Heidelberg=Il principe studente (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_and_Talking=Parlando e sparlando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Serpent's_Kiss=Il bacio del serpente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_the_Magnificent=Tarzan il magnifico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_Goes_to_India=Tarzan in India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chan_at_Monte_Carlo=La valigia dei venti milioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Split=California Poker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Candy_(film)=Hard Candy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thieves_Like_Us_(film)=Gang (film 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_of_the_World=Cuori del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Bill_and_the_Indians,_or_Sitting_Bull's_History_Lesson=Buffalo Bill e gli indiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Next_Door=The Dead Next Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Stop_Wonderland=Prossima fermata Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicle_of_the_Years_of_Fire=Cronaca degli anni di brace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Boom_(film)=Baby Boom (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Perfect_Couple=Una coppia perfetta (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_(film)=Health (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fool_for_Love_(film)=Follia d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progeny_(film)=Progeny - Il figlio degli alieni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silence_(1963_film)=Il silenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awesome;_I_Fuckin'_Shot_That!=Awesome; I Fuckin' Shot That!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_These_Women=A proposito di tutte queste... signore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Is_Business_(film)=Gli strani amori di quelle signore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keetje_Tippel=Kitty Tippel... quelle notti passate sulla strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Marshall=We Are Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Limits=Without Limits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_on_the_Run_(1936_film)=Amore in corsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Voyage=La crociera del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_on_the_Run_(1979_film)=L'amore fugge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_America_(1990_film)=Capitan America (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Utopia=I cercatori d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blues_Brothers_(film)=The Blues Brothers - I fratelli Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracles_(1989_film)=The Canton Godfather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_League:_Back_to_the_Minors=Major League - La grande sfida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oblong_Box_(film)=La rossa maschera del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegro_Non_Troppo=Allegro non troppo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Rita_(1929_film)=Rio Rita (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postal_(film)=Postal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Without_End_(film)=Mondo senza fine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartok_the_Magnificent=Bartok il magnifico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azumi_2:_Death_or_Love=Azumi 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Looking_Glass_War_(film)=Lo specchio delle spie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy's_Shroud=Il sudario della mummia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hireling=Un uomo da affittare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birds,_the_Bees_and_the_Italians=Signore & signori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mattei_Affair=Il caso Mattei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Working_Class_Goes_to_Heaven=La classe operaia va in paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Absence=L'inverno ti farà tornare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Cents_Worth_of_Hope=Due soldi di speranza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Drivers_(film)=I piloti dell'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe's_Bed-Stuy_Barbershop:_We_Cut_Heads=Joe's Bed-Stuy Barbershop: We Cut Heads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hostel:_Part_II=Hostel: Part II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Border_Patrol_(film)=Border Patrol (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_of_Fu_Manchu=Il castello di Fu Manchu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manolete_(film)=Manolete (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palookaville_(film)=Palookaville (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paid_in_Full_(2002_film)=Paid in Full (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoned_(film)=Stoned (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mudhoney_(film)=Mudhoney (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_(1998_film)=Psycho (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Count_of_Monte_Cristo_(1934_film)=Il conte di Montecristo (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaadon_Ki_Baaraat=Yaadon Ki Baaraat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatal_Fury:_The_Motion_Picture=Fatal Fury: The Motion Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Matter_of_Time_(film)=Nina (film 1976)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Make_a_Monster_(1958_film)=How to Make a Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Age_(1964_film)=Under Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andromedia=Andromedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Goldfoot_and_the_Girl_Bombs=Le spie vengono dal semifreddo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castro_Street_(film)=Castro Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Quiet_on_the_Western_Front_(1930_film)=All'ovest niente di nuovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maltese_Falcon_(1931_film)=The Maltese Falcon (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maltese_Falcon_(1941_film)=Il mistero del falco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Melt=Body Melt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_Wears_Prada_(film)=Il diavolo veste Prada (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Bird_(1918_film)=L'uccello azzurro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Bird_(1940_film)=Alla ricerca della felicità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Bird_(1976_film)=Il giardino della felicità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frisco_Kid=La riva dei bruti (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intermezzo_(1939_film)=Intermezzo (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Dr._Fu_Manchu=Il drago rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Ghosts=City of Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Time_Ran_Out=Ormai non c'è più scampo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gang_Related=Istinti criminali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Nowhere=Vacanze a modo nostro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Bury_the_Living=I Bury the Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_Us_If_You_Can_(film)=Prendeteci se potete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Kill_a_Mockingbird_(film)=Il buio oltre la siepe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_in_Heaven=Battaglia nel cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Ninjas:_High_Noon_at_Mega_Mountain=Lo stile del dragone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inner_Circle_(1991_film)=Il proiezionista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Rangers_(film)=Texas Rangers (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_(1956_film)=Salva la tua vita!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombi_3=Zombi 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boys_in_Company_C=I ragazzi della Compagnia C
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie:_Mermaidia=Barbie Mermaidia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krull_(film)=Krull (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_the_Man=Uomini & donne (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeta_Aur_Geeta=Seeta Aur Geeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eighth_Day_(1996_film)=L'ottavo giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Seconds=Otto secondi di gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Frost_(1964_film)=Morozko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horseman_on_the_Roof=L'ussaro sul tetto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabaret_Balkan=La polveriera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1408_(film)=1408 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_on_Sorority_Row=Non entrate in quel collegio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_for_H.A.R.M.=Agente H.A.R.M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Fury:_Agent_of_S.H.I.E.L.D._(film)=Nick Fury (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Breakers=La donna e lo spettro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Peabody_&_Sherman=Mr. Peabody e Sherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sum_of_All_Fears_(film)=Al vertice della tensione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Argent_(1983_film)=L'Argent (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Lives_(2005_film)=9 vite da donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Gundown=La resa dei conti (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strike_(1925_film)=Sciopero!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_Adventures_of_Rabbi_Jacob=Le folli avventure di Rabbi Jacob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionheart_(1987_film)=Cuor di leone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man's_Shoes_(2004_film)=Dead Man's Shoes - Cinque giorni di vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_Beneath_the_Sea=Minaccia sotto il mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alakazam_the_Great=Le 13 fatiche di Ercolino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Room_for_Romeo_Brass=A Room for Romeo Brass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Witch=Cara dolce strega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie_and_the_Magic_of_Pegasus=Barbie e la magia di Pegaso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie_as_the_Princess_and_the_Pauper=Barbie - La principessa e la povera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie_as_Rapunzel=Barbie Raperonzolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie:_Fairytopia=Barbie Fairytopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie_of_Swan_Lake=Barbie e il lago dei cigni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie_in_the_Nutcracker=Barbie e lo schiaccianoci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_a_Girl_a_Break=Tre ragazze di Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toast_of_New_York=Alla conquista dei dollari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Brief_Vacation=Una breve vacanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Fly_with_Me_(film)=Appuntamento fra le nuvole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulan_II=Mulan II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_in_the_Haunted_World=Ercole al centro della Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Smart_(film)=Street Smart - Per le strade di New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rear_Window_(1998_film)=La finestra sul cortile (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speechless_(1994_film)=Ciao Julia, sono Kevin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_Is_Made_at_Night_(1937_film)=L'uomo che amo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weather_Underground_(film)=The Weather Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lassie_(2005_film)=Lassie (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lust_for_a_Vampire=Mircalla, l'amante immortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Jim_(1965_film)=Lord Jim (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_&_Steve=Adam & Steve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guns_for_San_Sebastian=I cannoni di San Sebastian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvaire_(film)=Calvaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(1933_serial)=Eroi senza patria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis_Belle:_A_Story_of_a_Flying_Fortress=La bella di Memphis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spider_Woman=Sherlock Holmes (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Piece:_The_Cursed_Holy_Sword=One Piece - La spada delle sette stelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_Tollbooth_(film)=Il casello fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_Dr._Seuss=In Search of Dr. Seuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Page_3_(film)=Page 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Flight_of_Noah's_Ark=L'ultimo viaggio dell'arca di Noè
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_and_Max_Devlin=Il diavolo e Max
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pusher_3=Pusher 3 - L'angelo della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Paul_and_Paula=Die Legende von Paul und Paula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witchboard_2:_The_Devil's_Doorway=Spiritika 2 - Il gioco del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hills_Have_Eyes_Part_II=Le colline hanno gli occhi II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Men_in_the_Moon_(1919_film)=The First Men in the Moon (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Horse_(film)=Il cavallo d'acciaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Whom_the_Bell_Tolls_(film)=Per chi suona la campana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distant_Lights_(2003_film)=Luci lontane (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnificent_Obsession_(1954_film)=Magnifica ossessione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnificent_Obsession_(1935_film)=Al di là delle tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemon_Popsicle=Pop Lemon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadracers=Roadracers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asterix_and_the_Vikings=Asterix e i vichinghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Winter_(2006_film)=The Last Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Sex_(1997_film)=Post coïtum animal triste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Sex_(2007_film)=After Sex - Dopo il sesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imitation_of_Life_(1934_film)=Lo specchio della vita (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Love_(1995_film)=Una folle stagione d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imitation_of_Life_(1959_film)=Lo specchio della vita (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sometimes_They_Come_Back..._for_More=Stazione Erebus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Tzameti=13 Tzameti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailor_Moon_R:_The_Movie=Sailor Moon R The Movie - La promessa della rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailor_Moon_S:_The_Movie=Sailor Moon S The Movie - Il cristallo del cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_on_the_Nile_(1978_film)=Assassinio sul Nilo (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_on_the_Nile_(2004_film)=Poirot sul Nilo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bite_the_Bullet_(film)=Stringi i denti e vai!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortuary_(2005_film)=Il custode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_You've_Got=All You've Got - Unite per la vittoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Us_(film)=Storia di noi due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anamorph_(film)=Anamorph - I ritratti del serial killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blow_Dry=Blow Dry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbeard's_Ghost=Il fantasma del pirata Barbanera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Easter=Irresistibile bugiardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saaransh=Saaransh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helpmates=Tutto in ordine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_Night_Falls_(film)=Prima che sia notte (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Stan=Big Stan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Glove=Il guanto verde (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Days_of_Terror=Il fiume del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grubstake=Grubstake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_London=L'uomo di Londra (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Blueberry_Nights=Un bacio romantico - My Blueberry Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insomnia_(2002_film)=Insomnia (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orchestra_Wives=Voglio essere più amata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel_Intentions_3=Cruel Intentions 3 - Il fascino della terza volta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Man_Blues=Wild Man Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Detectives_Think%3F=I detective pensano?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hats_Off_(1927_film)=Hats Off (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck_Soup_(1927_film)=Zuppa d'anatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unaccustomed_As_We_Are=Non abituati come siamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Velvet_(film)=Gran Premio (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabbeh_(film)=Gabbeh (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Love_(2001_film)=Giovanna la pazza (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_on_the_Bus=Bus in viaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slither_(1973_film)=L'inseguito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Romantic_Night=Notte romantica (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonah_Who_Will_Be_25_in_the_Year_2000=Jonas che avrà vent'anni nel 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Commune_(Paris,_1871)=La Commune (Paris, 1871)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itty_Bitty_Titty_Committee=Itty Bitty Titty Committee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon-Spinners=Giallo a Creta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanderers_(1979_film)=The Wanderers - I nuovi guerrieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suburban_Girl=Suburban Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Summer_Place_(film)=Scandalo al sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirty_Nine_Steps_(1978_film)=I 39 scalini (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wassup_Rockers=Wassup Rockers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowneck=I cinque disertori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thousand_Eyes_of_Dr._Mabuse=Il diabolico dottor Mabuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bee_Season_(film)=Parole d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_Clay=Minnesota Clay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemies,_A_Love_Story_(film)=Nemici, una storia d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_of_the_Apes_(1918_film)=Tarzan of the Apes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Sweat_(1970_film)=L'uomo dalle due ombre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Little_Pony:_The_Princess_Promenade=My Little Pony - La passeggiata della principessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Green=Una squadra di classe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beach_(film)=The Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_Death=Until Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_in_the_Hat_(film)=Il gatto... e il cappello matto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trishul_(film)=Trishul (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_(film)=Keith (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_(2004_film)=Sugar (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long,_Hot_Summer=La lunga estate calda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_in_Love=Jagwimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Ordinary_Madness=Storie di ordinaria follia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revenge_of_Frankenstein=La vendetta di Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reptile=La morte arriva strisciando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsy's_Wedding=Il matrimonio di Betsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_and_Bicycle=Boy and Bicycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_City=Natural City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compulsion_(1959_film)=Frenesia del delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_(film)=Il ferroviere (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_the_Wind=L'altra faccia del vento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lights_of_New_York_(1928_film)=Lights of New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Model_Behavior=Model Behavior - Una passerella per due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relative_Values_(film)=La fidanzata ideale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_Venice_(film)=Morte a Venezia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Fair_Lady_(film)=My Fair Lady (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Music_(film)=Tutti insieme appassionatamente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_for_All_Seasons_(1966_film)=Un uomo per tutte le stagioni (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver!_(film)=Oliver!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Green_Was_My_Valley_(film)=Com'era verde la mia valle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_with_Monika=Monica e il desiderio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symptomology_of_a_Rock_Band:_The_Case_of_Crash_Test_Dummies=Symptomology of a Rock Band: The Case of Crash Test Dummies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hunter_(film)=City Hunter - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodom_and_Gomorrah_(1962_film)=Sodoma e Gomorra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Music_Man_(1962_film)=Capobanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Who's_Talking_Now=Senti chi parla adesso!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_(2011_film)=Love (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Psycho_(film)=American Psycho (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_the_Bridge:_The_Sound_of_Istanbul=Crossing the Bridge - The Sound of Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobra_Woman=Il cobra (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorillas_in_the_Mist=Gorilla nella nebbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_the_Spiders=Kingdom of the Spiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Faces_of_Dr._Jekyll=Il mostro di Londra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone's_Watching_Me!=Pericolo in agguato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_(1979_film)=Elvis, il re del rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accumulator_1=Accumulator 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody's_Famous!=Assolutamente famosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necromancer_(2005_film)=Necromancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_Do-Right_(film)=Dudley Do-Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_Pennies=I cinque penny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double,_Double,_Toil_and_Trouble=Due magiche gemelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Manhattan=Innamorarsi a Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_(1935_film)=Il re dell'Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Gun_(2005_film)=American Gun (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Student_Prince_(film)=Il principe studente (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_Botanist's_Daughters=Les filles du botaniste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Mankind_(film)=L'inferno ci accusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sheriff_and_the_Satellite_Kid=Uno sceriffo extraterrestre... poco extra e molto terrestre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tracey_Fragments_(film)=The Tracey Fragments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giant_of_Marathon=La battaglia di Maratona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Believer_(1989_film)=Verdetto finale (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_Khayyam_(film)=Le avventure e gli amori di Omar Khayyam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shutter_(2004_film)=Shutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_More_Time_(1970_film)=Controfigura per un delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Raise_the_Bridge,_Lower_the_River=Non alzare il ponte, abbassa il fiume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_City_(2005_film)=The Lost City (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_A.D.=Babylon A.D. (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Killed_the_Electric_Car%3F=Chi ha ucciso l'auto elettrica?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_of_Lassie=La più bella avventura di Lassie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reno_911!:_Miami=Reno 911!: Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Devil_a_Daughter=Una figlia per il diavolo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twins_of_Evil=Le figlie di Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dogs_of_War_(film)=I mastini della guerra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Buttons_(1994_film)=La guerra dei bottoni (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_Protocol_(film)=Quarto protocollo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnosaur_(film)=Carnosaur - La distruzione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turk_182=Turk 182
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_(1976_film)=Carrie - Lo sguardo di Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atonement_(film)=Espiazione (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Dodger_(film)=Roger Dodger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janice_Meredith=L'ombra di Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Howards_of_Virginia=Quelli della Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_Street_(1929_film)=Oro (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Acres_(film)=Segreti (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solaris_(2002_film)=Solaris (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Pretty_Horses_(film)=Passione ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_and_Juliane=Anni di piombo (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Under_the_Sun_(1982_film)=Delitto sotto il sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bellboy=Ragazzo tuttofare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hills_Have_Eyes_2=Le colline hanno gli occhi 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Safety_of_Objects=La sicurezza degli oggetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Dina=I Am Dina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_the_Sword=Il segreto della spada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caiman=Il caimano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omen_(2003_film)=Omen (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_and_Bathsheba_(film)=David e Betsabea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ong_Bak_2=Ong-Bak 2 - La nascita del dragone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scaramouche_(1952_film)=Scaramouche (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Noise:_The_Light=White Noise: The Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orfeu=Orfeu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Hearts_Can't_Be_Broken=Tuffo nel buio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Legend_of_Shaolin=La leggenda del drago rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Trees=Il tesoro dei Sequoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vengeance_Valley=La valle della vendetta (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volver=Volver - Tornare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gervaise=Gervaise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Super_Ex-Girlfriend=La mia super ex-ragazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._and_Mrs._Khiladi=Mr. and Mrs. Khiladi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guru_(1969_film)=Il guru (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Householder=Il capofamiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombay_Talkie=Il racconto di Bombay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Away_from_Her=Away from Her - Lontano da lei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Collinwood=Welcome to Collinwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Acid_House_(film)=The Acid House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alligator_(film)=Alligator (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeper_of_the_Flame_(film)=Prigioniera di un segreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autobiography_of_a_Princess=Autobiografia di una principessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_the_Night=Ricorda quella notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_These_Walls_Could_Talk=Tre vite allo specchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_New_Clothes_(2001_film)=I vestiti nuovi dell'imperatore (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Sousatzka=Madame Sousatzka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinjite:_Forbidden_Subjects=Soggetti proibiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy_and_Rosie_Get_Laid=Sammy e Rosie vanno a letto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_(2006_documentary_film)=The Bridge - Il ponte dei suicidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Vera=La piccola Vera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_(1963_film)=Cleopatra (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executioners_from_Shaolin=I distruttori del tempio Shaolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Slam_(1967_film)=Ad ogni costo (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Takedown=Sei solo, agente Vincent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Be_Good=La grande promessa (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_World_(film)=Il circo e la sua grande avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Compleat_Beatles=The Compleat Beatles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_the_Gold_of_Babylon=Lupin III - La leggenda dell'oro di Babilonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_to_Nostradamus=Lupin III - Le profezie di Nostradamus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupin_III:_Dead_or_Alive=Lupin III - Trappola mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snow_Walker=The Snow Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_(1965_film)=La dea della città perduta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_Marble=L'uomo di marmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Musketeers=Il ritorno dei tre moschettieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Joe_(film)=Beautiful Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_(1978_film)=Don (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronnie_Rocket=Ronnie Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_of_Darkness=Ring of Darkness - Il cerchio del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_the_Devil:_Study_for_a_Portrait_of_Francis_Bacon=Love Is the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brotherhood_(2001_film)=Stirpe di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Deadly_Summer=L'estate assassina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bathgate_(film)=Billy Bathgate - A scuola di gangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Border_(1997_film)=Border (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masoom_(1983_film)=Masoom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_Chamber=Condannato a morte per mancanza di indizi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Dr._Clitterhouse=Il sapore del delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beat_That_My_Heart_Skipped=Tutti i battiti del mio cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daens_(film)=Padre Daens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spymaker:_The_Secret_Life_of_Ian_Fleming=Spymaker: la vita segreta di Ian Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dukes_of_Hazzard:_Reunion!=Hazzard 20 anni dopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Things:_Diamonds_in_the_Rough=Sex Crimes 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mildred_Pierce_(film)=Il romanzo di Mildred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immortals_(1995_film)=Gli immortali (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Studio_and_You=Your Studio and You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_Back!_A_Dinosaur's_Story_(film)=We're Back! - 4 dinosauri a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salome's_Last_Dance=L'ultima Salomè
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Wouldn't_Die_(1995_film)=Un uomo nel mirino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kranti=Kranti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Lights,_Big_City_(film)=Le mille luci di New York (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Captured_Eichmann=L'uomo che catturò Eichmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qurbani_(film)=Qurbani (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhumati=Madhumati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollin'_with_the_Nines=Rollin' with the Nines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_(film)=Dutch è molto meglio di papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Balloon=Il palloncino bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Bud:_Golden_Receiver=Air Bud 2 - Eroe a quattro zampe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pygmalion_(1938_film)=Pigmalione (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Worry%3F=Perché preoccuparsi?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breezy=Breezy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honkytonk_Man=Honkytonk Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronco_Billy=Bronco Billy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watchmen_(film)=Watchmen (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movie_Crazy=Follie del cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Luna_(1979_film)=La luna (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Besieged_(film)=L'assedio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Gangster_(film)=American Gangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoop-La=Hoop-La (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemies_of_Women=I nemici delle donne (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godless_Girl=Donna pagana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blot=The Blot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alarmist=Allarme mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geronimo:_An_American_Legend=Geronimo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deal_(2003_film)=The Deal (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tragedy_of_a_Ridiculous_Man=La tragedia di un uomo ridicolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fando_y_Lis=Il paese incantato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_24th_Day=The 24th Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daft_Punk's_Electroma=Daft Punk's Electroma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Bud:_World_Pup=Air Bud 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Bud:_Seventh_Inning_Fetch=Air Bud 4 - Una zampata vincente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Bud:_Spikes_Back=Air Bud vince ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_for_Hell=5 per l'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_on_the_Orient_Express_(1974_film)=Assassinio sull'Orient Express (film 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Madness_(film)=Divine Madness!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Sociopathic_Social_Climber=Confessioni di una single di successo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morvern_Callar_(film)=Morvern Callar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Aerial_Joy_Ride=An Aerial Joy Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagon_(film)=Dagon - La mutazione del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Rule=Donne, regole... e tanti guai!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_(1917_film)=Cleopatra (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MVP:_Most_Valuable_Primate=Jack simpatico genio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardly_Working=Bentornato, picchiatello!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telling_Lies_in_America=Telling Lies in America - Un mito da infrangere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Read_It_and_Weep=Scrittrice per caso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormy_Weather_(1943_film)=Stormy Weather (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Video_Hits_2=Greatest Video Hits 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatomy_of_Hell=Pornocrazia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Heaven's_Sake_(1926_film)=Il re degli straccioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Child=Il ragazzo selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediterraneo=Mediterraneo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Video_Hits_1=Greatest Video Hits 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bugs_Bunny/Road_Runner_Movie=Super Bunny in orbita!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Looney_Looney_Looney_Bugs_Bunny_Movie=Looney, Looney, Looney Bugs Bunny Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysterious_Island_(1961_film)=L'isola misteriosa (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugs_Bunny:_Superstar=Bugs Bunny Superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tweety's_High-Flying_Adventure=Titti turista tuttofare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixed_Nuts=Agenzia salvagente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ugly_Dachshund=4 bassotti per 1 danese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahmer_(film)=Dahmer - Il cannibale di Milwaukee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Todesking=Der Todesking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany,_Year_Zero=Germania anno zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror-Creatures_from_the_Grave=5 tombe per un medium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ike:_Countdown_to_D-Day=Ike: Countdown to D-Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Metro=L'ultimo metrò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_or_Bust=Hollywood o morte!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonrunners=Moonrunners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Buddies=Air Buddies - Cuccioli alla riscossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatchet_(film)=Hatchet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U-Carmen_eKhayelitsha=U-Carmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oklahoma_Kid=Il terrore dell'Ovest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aashiq_Banaya_Aapne=Aashiq Banaya Aapne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sisterhood_of_the_Traveling_Pants_(film)=4 amiche e un paio di jeans (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clownhouse=Clownhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Only_Live_Twice_(film)=Agente 007 - Si vive solo due volte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subconscious_Cruelty=Subconscious Cruelty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bean_(film)=Mr. Bean - L'ultima catastrofe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_the_Sun=In corsa con il sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hot_Rock_(film)=La pietra che scotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Badlanders=Gli uomini della terra selvaggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_in_the_Valley_(film)=Down in the Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caddy=Occhio alla palla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_War_(1961_film)=L'ultima guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horrors_of_the_Black_Museum=Gli orrori del museo nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Comet=L'anno della cometa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Money_Is=Per amore... dei soldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_a_Dull_Moment_(1968_film)=L'incredibile furto di Mr. Girasole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Handsome=Johnny il bello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_in_Outer_Space=Inferno nella stratosfera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Me%3F_(1990_film)=Perché proprio a me?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anderson_Tapes=Rapina record a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_Cut_(1980_film)=Taglio di diamanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Deposit,_No_Return=La gang della spider rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_13_(film)=Number 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evilspeak=La promessa di Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iphigenia_(film)=Ifigenia (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Wife=La sposa rapita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maytime_(1937_film)=Primavera (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Doulos=Lo spione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_in_Chains=Sesso incatenato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indian_in_the_Cupboard_(film)=La chiave magica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Tucker_Must_Die=Il mio ragazzo è un bastardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turistas=Turistas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poseidon_Adventure_(2005_film)=Poseidon - Il pericolo è già a bordo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat-Women_of_the_Moon=Quei fantastici razzi volanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Boss's_Daughter=La figlia del mio capo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fish_That_Saved_Pittsburgh=Basket Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Locust_(film)=Il giorno della locusta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switchback_(film)=Linea di sangue (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Brooks=Mr. Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacancy_(film)=Vacancy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziggy_Stardust_and_the_Spiders_from_Mars_(film)=Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desyat_Negrityat=Desjat' negritjat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Warrior=L'ultimo guerriero (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormy_Monday_(film)=Stormy Monday (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candyman:_Farewell_to_the_Flesh=L'inferno nello specchio (Candyman 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Stab=Final Stab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_Demon_(2003_film)=Speed Demon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Bash=Killer Bash - Vendetta di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Ladies=The Iron Ladies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beastly_Boyz=Beastly Boyz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Conspiracy=Shadow Program - Programma segreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pumpkinhead:_Ashes_to_Ashes=Ceneri alle ceneri - Pumpkinhead 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pumpkinhead:_Blood_Feud=Faida di sangue - Pumpkinhead 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarecrow_(2002_film)=Scarecrow (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivacious_Lady=Una donna vivace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lower_Depths_(1957_film)=I bassifondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savages_(1972_film)=Selvaggi (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demonlover=Demonlover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Cry_Wolf_(film)=Mai gridare al lupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waikiki_Wedding=Waikiki Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pelican_Brief_(film)=Il rapporto Pelican (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_in_Manhattan=Romance in Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulsa_(film)=Tulsa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaten_Alive=Quel motel vicino alla palude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mangler_(film)=The Mangler - La macchina infernale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_Without_Bread=Terra senza pane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_of_the_Intruder=L'ultimo attacco (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enter_the_Ninja=L'invincibile ninja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enchanted_(film)=Come d'incanto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlefield_Baseball=Battlefield Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torture_Garden_(film)=Il giardino delle torture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Missed_Call_(2003_film)=The Call - Non rispondere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Castle=Amanti d'oltretomba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demons_2=Dèmoni 2... L'incubo ritorna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_II:_The_Second_Story=La casa di Helen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horror_Show=La casa 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_IV=House IV - Presenze impalpabili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fine_Art_of_Love=L'educazione fisica delle fanciulle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheeni_Kum=Senza zucchero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Path_to_War=Path to War - L'altro Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflections_in_a_Golden_Eye_(film)=Riflessi in un occhio d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manson_(film)=Manson e la famiglia di Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Lady=La principessa di Mendoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devour_(film)=Devour - Il gioco di Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_in_a_Dressing_Gown=L'adultero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_III:_A_Twist_in_Time=Cenerentola - Il gioco del destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Cat's_Away_(1996_film)=Ognuno cerca il suo gatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riens_du_tout=Riens du tout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Galleon=La nave maledetta (film 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Def_by_Temptation=Def by Temptation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Messengers_(film)=The Messengers (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caveman's_Valentine=Crime Shades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chickens_Come_Home=I polli tornano a casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tombs_of_the_Blind_Dead=Le tombe dei resuscitati ciechi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Blind_Dead=La cavalcata dei resuscitati ciechi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Seagulls=La notte dei resuscitati ciechi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Ice_Cream_Suit=Il meraviglioso abito color gelato alla panna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Million_Pound_Note=Il forestiero (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Ones_(1961_film)=The Young Ones (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darna_Zaroori_Hai=Darna Zaroori Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hard_Way_(1991_film)=Insieme per forza (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Iron_Mask_(1998_film)=La maschera di ferro (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Bill=Ti presento Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas:_J.R._Returns=Dallas - Il ritorno di J.R.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conceiving_Ada=Conceiving Ada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6_Angels=6 Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortress_2:_Re-Entry=La fortezza: segregati nello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_in_a_Heartbeat=Battiti mortali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Friend_Irma_(film)=La mia amica Irma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Brown_Eyes=Occhioni scuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bataan_(film)=Bataan (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Island_(1972_live-action_film)=L'isola del tesoro (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reckoning_(2003_film)=The Reckoning - Percorsi criminali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Missed_Call_(2008_film)=Chiamata senza risposta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Kind_Rewind=Be Kind Rewind - Gli acchiappafilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knock_on_Any_Door=I bassifondi di San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Halloweentown=Ritorno ad Halloweentown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Property_Is_Condemned=Questa ragazza è di tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas:_War_of_the_Ewings=Dallas - La guerra degli Ewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror_Firmer=Terror Firmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadar:_Ek_Prem_Katha=Gadar: Ek Prem Katha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_James_Meets_Frankenstein's_Daughter=Jesse James Meets Frankenstein's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bonfire_of_the_Vanities_(film)=Il falò delle vanità (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_(2005_film)=L'enfer (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeward_Bound_II:_Lost_in_San_Francisco=Quattro zampe a San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emerald_Forest=La foresta di smeraldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivah=Il mio cuore dice sì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_Life_(2007_film)=Arsenico e vecchi confetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_Stand_(1997_film)=Complice la notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaah!_Life_Ho_Toh_Aisi!=Giù a casa dai miei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happens_Every_Spring=Quando torna primavera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nutty_Professor_(1996_film)=Il professore matto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moderns=The Moderns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bakery_Girl_of_Monceau=La fornaia di Monceau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne's_Career=La carriera di Suzanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Collectionneuse=La collezionista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire's_Knee=Il ginocchio di Claire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_the_Afternoon_(1972_film)=L'amore il pomeriggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seduced_and_Abandoned=Sedotta e abbandonata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Chains_o'_Gold=3 Chains o' Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Woman_(film)=Rumble in Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearless_Hyena_Part_II=Fearless Hyena Part II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem's_Lot_(2004_miniseries)=Salem's Lot (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_(1996_film)=The Beast - Abissi di paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peaceful_Warrior=La forza del campione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ring_of_Endless_Light_(film)=Vicky e i delfini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_on_the_Sun=Sangue sul sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Flight_from_Moscow=Il serpente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_of_Sunnybrook_Farm_(1932_film)=Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raggedy_Ann_&_Andy:_A_Musical_Adventure=Raggedy Ann & Andy: A Musical Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flicka=Flicka - Uno spirito libero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birds_II:_Land's_End=Gli uccelli II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shortbus=Shortbus - Dove tutto è permesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_of_Sunnybrook_Farm_(1938_film)=Rondine senza nido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspired_by_Bach=Inspired by Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Land=La nuova terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlet_(1969_film)=Hamlet (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_(1996_film)=The Phantom (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(2006_film)=Time (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crocodile_(1996_film)=Coccodrillo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aces:_Iron_Eagle_III=Air Force - Aquile d'acciaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bad_Mama=F.B.I. e la banda degli angeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hotel_New_Hampshire_(film)=Hotel New Hampshire (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_Dawn=Alba d'acciaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_America_(film)=Heart of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piravi=Piravi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Comes_Across=Resa d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_(1958_film)=Le fatiche di Ercole (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_Across_the_Table=I milioni della manicure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gingerdead_Man=The Gingerdead Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swashbuckler_(film)=Il corsaro della Giamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possible_Worlds_(film)=Possible Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Rangoon=Oltre Rangoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Could_Never_Be_Your_Woman=2 Young 4 Me - Un fidanzato per mamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charge_at_Feather_River=L'indiana bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Group_(film)=Il gruppo (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_(1970_film)=La guerra del cittadino Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Centurions=I nuovi centurioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prodigal=Il figliuol prodigo (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sandpiper=Castelli di sabbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tamarind_Seed=Il seme del tamarindo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Host_(2006_film)=The Host (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beware!_The_Blob=Beware! The Blob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kid_for_Two_Farthings_(film)=Domani splenderà il sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sans_Soleil=Sans Soleil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Command=La belva umana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blades_of_Glory=Blades of Glory - Due pattini per la gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Won't_Forget=Vendetta (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saawariya=Saawariya - La voce del destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World,_the_Flesh_and_the_Devil_(1959_film)=La fine del mondo (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dona_Flor_and_Her_Two_Husbands=Donna Flor e i suoi due mariti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bossa_Nova_(film)=Bossa Nova (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_in_a_Lifetime_(film)=Due volte nella vita (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_Game_(2006_film)=End Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fountainhead_(film)=La fonte meravigliosa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulchul_(2004_film)=Hulchul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Gift=L'ultimo regalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Had_to_Be_You_(1947_film)=L'uomo dei miei sogni (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Beau_Mariage=Il bel matrimonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_at_the_Beach=Pauline alla spiaggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Moon_in_Paris=Le notti della luna piena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pink_Panther_2=La Pantera Rosa 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Daughter_of_the_Gods=La figlia degli Dei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Science_of_Sleep=L'arte del sogno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Ants=King of the Ants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Beyond_(film)=From Beyond - Terrore dall'ignoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir!_No_Sir!=Sir! No Sir!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit!=Hit!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloody_Mama=Il clan dei Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tale_of_Springtime=Racconto di primavera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellboy_II:_The_Golden_Army=Hellboy: The Golden Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gog_(film)=Attacco alla base spaziale U.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_God_We_Tru$t=Frate Ambrogio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleach:_Memories_of_Nobody=Bleach: Memories of Nobody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_the_Needle_(film)=La cruna dell'ago (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Commitments_(film)=The Commitments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tale_of_Winter=Racconto d'inverno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critical_Condition_(film)=Prognosi riservata (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Battalion_(2001_film)=Il battaglione perduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Klein=Mr. Klein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birth_of_the_10th!_Kamen_Riders_All_Together!!=Birth of the 10th! Kamen Riders All Together!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flock_(film)=Identikit di un delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undersea_Kingdom=Undersea Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackass_Number_Two=Jackass Number Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Summer's_Tale=Un ragazzo, tre ragazze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creature_from_the_Haunted_Sea=La creatura del mare fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Tale=Racconto d'autunno (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Signe_du_Lion=Il segno del leone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marquise_of_O_(film)=La Marchesa von...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That'll_Be_the_Day_(film)=That'll Be the Day (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernova_(2005_film)=Supernova (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hood_of_Horror=Hood of Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Friend_Irma_Goes_West=Irma va a Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curse_of_the_Golden_Flower=La città proibita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treehouse_Hostage=Tre canaglie e un galeotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_(1981_film)=Bill (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apple_Dumpling_Gang_Rides_Again=La banda delle frittelle di mele 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_of_Tennis_(film)=Tennis no ōjisama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardust_(1974_film)=Stardust: Una stella nella polvere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Freaky!_Die_Freaky!=Live Freaky Die Freaky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Everlasting_Piece=Salvi per un capello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Adventures_of_Reinette_and_Mirabelle=Reinette e Mirabelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Actors=Actors (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Rendez-vous_de_Paris=Incontri a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_and_the_Duke=La nobildonna e il duca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poultrygeist:_Night_of_the_Chicken_Dead=Poultrygeist: Night of the Chicken Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Canoes=10 canoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Monster=La vera storia del dottor Jekyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_German=Intrigo a Berlino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Planet_Are_You_From%3F=Da che pianeta vieni?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_September=Until September
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_Lonesome=L'albero della vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fingerprints_(film)=Innocenti presenze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snakehead_Terror=Creature del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rich_Man's_Wife=La moglie di un uomo ricco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Delicious_Little_Devil=La diva del Tabarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riding_Alone_for_Thousands_of_Miles=Mille miglia... lontano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogora=Dogora - Il mostro della grande palude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sandlot_2=Il ritorno dei ragazzi vincenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survival_Island=L'isola dei sopravvissuti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Nelson_(film)=Half Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lights_in_the_Dusk=Le luci della sera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Rita=Il silenzio dopo lo sparo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accidental_Husband=Un marito di troppo (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_Hands_with_the_Devil_(2007_film)=Shake Hands with the Devil (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Case_Closed:_The_Phantom_of_Baker_Street=Detective Conan - Il fantasma di Baker Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanks=Yankees (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe_Trail_(film)=I pascoli dell'odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Died_with_Their_Boots_On=La storia del generale Custer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pumaman=L'uomo puma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_3000=Chasing 3000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komodo_vs._Cobra=Komodo vs. Cobra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeper_of_the_Bees_(1947_film)=Keeper of the Bees (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Columbus:_The_Discovery=Cristoforo Colombo - La scoperta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Point_Men=The Point Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Iron_Fan_(1941_film)=La principessa dal ventaglio di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_of_Fear=Il lungo coltello di Londra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shootout_at_Lokhandwala=Shootout at Lokhandwala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Balls_(film)=Uova d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suds_(film)=Sogno e realtà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Out-of-Towners_(1970_film)=Un provinciale a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Out-of-Towners_(1999_film)=Sperduti a Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Majesty,_the_Scarecrow_of_Oz=Il mago di Oz (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampires_vs._Zombies=Vampires vs. Zombies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Climax=La voce magica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_Boys_(film)=The History Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_(2000_film)=Nightmare - Il ritorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Not_There=Io non sono qui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas-s-s-s=Gas, fu necessario distruggere il mondo per poterlo salvare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prem_Rog=Prem Rog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_(1996_film)=Boys (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caught_in_the_Draft=Un pazzo va alla guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cops_&_Robbersons=Poliziotti a domicilio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panther_(film)=Panther (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Now_My_Love=Tutta una vita (film 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Gabbo=Il gran Gabbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goalkeeper's_Fear_of_the_Penalty=Prima del calcio di rigore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenchi_the_Movie_2:_The_Daughter_of_Darkness=Chi ha bisogno di Tenchi? - The Movie - La vigilia dell'estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenchi_the_Movie:_Tenchi_Muyo_in_Love=Chi ha bisogno di Tenchi? - The Movie - Tenchi muyo in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Monsters=Piccoli mostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Crime=An American Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimino=Mimino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pied_Piper_(1986_film)=Krysař (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flyboys_(film)=Giovani aquile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Berlin=Berlino Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critic's_Choice_(film)=Mia moglie ci prova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warm_Water_Under_a_Red_Bridge=Acqua tiepida sotto un ponte rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigs_and_Battleships=Porci, geishe e marinai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unholy_Desire=Desiderio d'omicidio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eijanaika_(film)=Eijanaika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havana_(film)=Havana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Kenyon=L'amante immortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Man_of_Her_Own=Non voglio perderti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Origin:_Spirits_of_the_Past=Origine (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Cliff_(film)=La battaglia dei tre regni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_II=L'alieno 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Akagi=Dr. Akagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_in_the_Life_of_Jimmy_Reardon=Le ragazze di Jimmy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_(film)=Down - Discesa infernale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy's_Little_Girls=Daddy's Little Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Usher_(film)=I vivi e i morti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Go_to_Prison=Let's Go to Prison - Un principiante in prigione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pit_and_the_Pendulum_(1961_film)=Il pozzo e il pendolo (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_and_Livingstone=L'esploratore scomparso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Promises=La promessa dell'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Love_(1965_film)=L'arte di amare (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Postman_Always_Rings_Twice_(1946_film)=Il postino suona sempre due volte (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Killer=Chiluo gaoyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Postman_Always_Rings_Twice_(1981_film)=Il postino suona sempre due volte (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_Up_(film)=Step Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Date_with_an_Angel=Appuntamento con un angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Dynamite=Questi dannati quattrini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Seventeen_(film)=Chiamatemi Boy George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Force_(film)=Arcipelago in fiamme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliens_vs._Predator:_Requiem=Aliens vs. Predator 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Geste_(1926_film)=Gli eroi del deserto (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Geste_(1939_film)=Beau Geste (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Arsenal=Giovani, alieni e vendicatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giant_Gila_Monster=The Giant Gila Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crimson_Rivers=I fiumi di porpora (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Berries=Jagodka ljubvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_of_San_Luis_Rey_(1929_film)=Il ponte di San Luis Rey (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strawberry_Statement_(film)=Fragole e sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_of_San_Luis_Rey_(2004_film)=Il ponte di San Luis Rey (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accepted=Ammesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leprechaun_3=Leprechaun 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukraine_in_Flames=La battaglia per la nostra Ucraina sovietica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HotMen_CoolBoyz=HotMen CoolBoyz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Christmas_(2006_film)=Black Christmas - Un Natale rosso sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stepfather_(2009_film)=Il segreto di David - The Stepfather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_French_Line=La linea francese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Las_Vegas_Story_(film)=La città del piacere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Wilderness=Strange Wilderness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_and_Four_Queens=Un re per quattro regine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zvenigora=Zvenigora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerograd=Aėrograd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_(1932_film)=Ivan (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Computer_Wore_Tennis_Shoes=Il computer con le scarpe da tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lives_of_Others=Le vite degli altri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...First_Do_No_Harm=Un passo verso il domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour_of_the_Gun=L'ora delle pistole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_and_After_(film)=Prima e dopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Six=The Secret Six
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disturbia_(film)=Disturbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betrayed_(1988_film)=Betrayed - Tradita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Vanishes=Evaporazione dell'uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Jones:_Stroke_of_Genius=Bobby Jones - Genio del golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bye_Bye_Brazil=Bye Bye Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PTU_(film)=PTU (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo-Ga=Tokyo-Ga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madonna:_Truth_or_Dare=A letto con Madonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korczak_(film)=Dottor Korczak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/45_Minutes_from_Hollywood=A 45 minuti da Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_of_the_Cuckoo=Una famiglia di matti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_the_Century=La battaglia del secolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailors,_Beware!=Marinai in guardia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putting_Pants_on_Philip=Metti i pantaloni a Philip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Block-Heads=Venti anni dopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_the_Kid_(1930_film)=Billy the Kid (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_the_Kid_(1941_film)=Terra selvaggia (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivanhoe_(1952_film)=Ivanhoe (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouth_to_Mouth_(2005_British_film)=Mouth to Mouth (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leprechaun_4:_In_Space=Leprechaun 4 - Nello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charge_of_the_Light_Brigade_(1968_film)=I seicento di Balaklava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Relations=Allegri gemelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plainsman=La conquista del West (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poof_Point=Quando Einstein ci mette lo zampino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shchors_(film)=Ščors (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Flies_on_Grey_Velvet=4 mosche di velluto grigio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenstrasse_(film)=Rosenstrasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_House_in_Umbria=La mia casa in Umbria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Narayama_(1983_film)=La ballata di Narayama (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_in_the_Rain=Face in the Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_the_Sandbox=Voglio la libertà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S*P*Y*S=S.P.Y.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_a_Man_Called_Horse=La vendetta dell'uomo chiamato Cavallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raid_on_Entebbe_(film)=I leoni della guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Hulk_(film)=L'incredibile Hulk (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saps_at_Sea=C'era una volta un piccolo naviglio (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Cambrure=La cambrure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Partner_(1978_film)=L'amico sconosciuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_and_Found_(1979_film)=Marito in prova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Mermaids=Tarzan e le sirene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murders_in_the_Rue_Morgue_(1932_film)=Il dottor Miracolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_(film)=Il Sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_of_Lost_Souls_(1932_film)=L'isola delle anime perdute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitfall_(1962_film)=Otoshiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kind_of_Loving_(film)=Una maniera d'amare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Island_(1934_film)=L'isola del tesoro (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ladykillers_(2004_film)=Ladykillers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Wake_of_the_Bounty=In the Wake of the Bounty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitman_Hart:_Wrestling_with_Shadows=Hitman Hart: Wrestling with Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Real_Young_Girl=L'adolescente (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Heart_in_Winter=Un cuore in inverno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Companion=Doppio negativo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bread_and_Roses_(2000_film)=Bread and Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riff-Raff_(1991_film)=Riff-Raff - Meglio perderli che trovarli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_Maker=The King Maker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Talk_to_Strangers=Mai con uno sconosciuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Winterbourne=Scambio di identità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Jungle_Book:_Mowgli_&_Baloo=The Second Jungle Book: Mowgli & Baloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterminds_(1997_film)=Masterminds - La guerra dei geni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_H-Man=Uomini H
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Human=Jūjin yuki Otoko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Your_Smile_Along=Quando una ragazza è bella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Laughed_Last=Colui che rise per ultimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Cory=Le avventure di mister Cory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Happy_Feeling=La tentazione del signor Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Furlough=In licenza a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experiment_in_Terror=Operazione terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Did_You_Do_in_the_War,_Daddy%3F=Papà, ma che cosa hai fatto in guerra?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunn_(film)=Peter Gunn: 24 ore per l'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darling_Lili=Operazione Crêpes Suzette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Rovers=Uomini selvaggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carey_Treatment=Il caso Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fine_Mess_(film)=Un bel pasticcio!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Life!_(film)=Così è la vita (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switch_(1991_film)=Nei panni di una bionda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panhandle_(film)=Pian della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_the_Fox=Una volpe a corte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swaham=Swaham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holes_(film)=Holes - Buchi nel deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Runs_in_the_Family_(2003_film)=Vizio di famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bingo_(1991_film)=Bingo - Senti chi abbaia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wicker_Man_(2006_film)=Il prescelto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20,000_Leagues_Under_the_Sea_(1954_film)=Ventimila leghe sotto i mari (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Times_(film)=Good Times (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_(1971_film)=Due ragazzi che si amano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Backbone=La spina del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_of_the_Ripper=Gli artigli dello squartatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmosis_Jones=Osmosis Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witches_of_Eastwick_(film)=Le streghe di Eastwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Weapon=Naked Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Amoeba=Atom, il mostro della galassia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joy_Luck_Club_(film)=Il circolo della fortuna e della felicità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guide_to_Recognizing_Your_Saints=Guida per riconoscere i tuoi santi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridges_of_Madison_County_(film)=I ponti di Madison County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crocodile_Hunter:_Collision_Course=Missione coccodrillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karma_(1986_film)=Karma (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Bafana=Il colore della libertà - Goodbye Bafana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nishabd=Nishabd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahler_(film)=La perdizione (film 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Wife_Is_an_Actress=Mia moglie è un'attrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sinister_Urge_(film)=The Sinister Urge (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rosary_Murders=I delitti del rosario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Could_Work_Miracles=L'uomo dei miracoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_X=Fear X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_I_Inside=The I inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenant=L'inquilino del terzo piano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_a_Geisha_(film)=Memorie di una geisha (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_to_Space=Avventura nello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possession_(1981_film)=Possession (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannequin_Two:_On_the_Move=Aiuto! Mi sono persa a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_It's_You_(film)=Promesse, promesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_(2008_film)=Un truffatore in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweeney_Todd:_The_Demon_Barber_of_Fleet_Street_(2007_film)=Sweeney Todd - Il diabolico barbiere di Fleet Street (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internal_Affairs_(film)=Affari sporchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_of_1984=Classe 1984
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gridiron_Gang=La gang di Gridiron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapurush=Kapurush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convict_13=Il carcerato n. 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasu:_Summer_in_Andalusia=Melanzane - Estate andalusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Sided_Triangle=Four Sided Triangle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeping_Up_with_the_Steins=Al passo con gli Stein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinocchio_3000=Pinocchio 3000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_House_(1921_film)=La casa stregata (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Driver=Driver l'imprendibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Lost_Girl=Diario di una donna perduta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbors_(1920_film)=I vicini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_(serial)=The Phantom (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goat_(1921_film)=Il capro espiatorio (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_(1950_film)=L'amore segreto di Madeleine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobson's_Choice_(1954_film)=Hobson il tiranno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_and_Found:_The_Story_of_Cook's_Anchor=Lost and Found: The Story of Cook's Anchor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_at_Life_(film)=Look at Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clock_(1945_film)=L'ora di New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Clouds_Roll_By=Douglas superstizioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mollycoddle=Un pulcino nella stoppa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_Baby_Gone=Gone Baby Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman's_Place=Woman's Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Last_Man_(1923_film)=To the Last Man (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Call_of_the_Canyon=The Call of the Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_of_the_Lawless=Il minareto in fiamme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_of_the_Sea=Code of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empty_Hands=Empty Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_(1925_film)=Adventure (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantrap_(1926_film)=Tranello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blind_Goddess=The Blind Goddess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hula_(film)=Hula (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abie's_Irish_Rose_(1928_film)=Rosa d'Irlanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awakening_(1928_film)=Il risveglio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Clay_(1930_film)=Tu che mi accusi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wet_Parade=The Wet Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckless_(1935_film)=Tentazione bionda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virginian_(1929_film)=L'uomo della Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Sister_(1933_film)=La suora bianca (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guy_Named_Joe=Joe il pilota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_(1945_film)=Avventura (film 1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tortilla_Soup=Tortilla Soup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Ages=Senti, amore mio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilya_Muromets_(film)=Il conquistatore dei Mongoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Is_Hell_(film)=Un eroe di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight_for_Sure=Tonight for Sure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rain_People=Non torno a casa stasera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youth_Without_Youth_(film)=Un'altra giovinezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardens_of_Stone=Giardini di pietra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larceny,_Inc.=I tre furfanti (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spiral_Road=La strada a spirale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_a_Male_War_Bride=Ero uno sposo di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Thief_(film)=Triplo gioco (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sgt._Bilko=Sergente Bilko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borat=Borat - Studio culturale sull'America a beneficio della gloriosa nazione del Kazakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8mm_2=8mm 2 - Inferno di velluto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice's_Adventures_in_Wonderland_(1972_film)=Le avventure di Alice nel Paese delle Meraviglie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hole_in_the_Head=Un uomo da vendere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Package_(1989_film)=Uccidete la colomba bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanda_Nevada=Wanda Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digimon:_The_Movie=Digimon - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Company_(2002_film)=Bad Company - Protocollo Praga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinner_Rush=Dinner Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Company_(1972_film)=Cattive compagnie (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Colorado=Non si può continuare ad uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideous_Kinky_(film)=Ideus Kinky - Un treno per Marrakech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aristocrats_(film)=The Aristocrats (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Brigades_du_Tigre=Triplice inganno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Cohen:_I'm_Your_Man=Leonard Cohen: I'm Your Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Union_(film)=Fred il ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_My_Party_(film)=Un party per Nick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_of_Sherwood_Forest=Gli arcieri di Sherwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Henry=Carry On Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texasville=Texasville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tango_(1998_film)=Tango (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_(2005_film)=The King (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Evil:_Scream_of_the_Mummy=Ancient Evil: Scream of the Mummy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Morningstar_(film)=Vertigine (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_City=Lower City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Daddies=Come mi pento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Hundred_Years_(film)=I due galeotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Finishing_Touch=Il tocco finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Their_Purple_Moment=Una bella serata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Should_Married_Men_Go_Home%3F=Gli uomini sposati devono andare a casa?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habeas_Corpus_(1928_film)=Habeas corpus (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_(1929_film)=Libertà (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrong_Again=Blue Boy, un cavallo per un quadro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_My_Wife_(1929_film)=Ecco mia moglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Go_Boom=L'esplosione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacon_Grabbers=Squadra sequestri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angora_Love=La capra Penelope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slipping_Wives=Mogli sfuggenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_'Em_Laughing=Lasciali ridendo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Luck_Chuck=Tutte pazze per Charlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_but_Trouble_(1944_film)=Sempre nei guai (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jitterbugs=Allegri imbroglioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Fine_Mess=Un nuovo imbroglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_O'_War=I due ammiragli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Them_Thar_Hills=Vita in campagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Alibi=Alibi seducente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Touch_of_Spice=Un tocco di zenzero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snow_Creature=The Snow Creature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swimming_Upstream=Una bracciata per la vittoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Way=Questo difficile amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trauma_(1993_film)=Trauma (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Lips_Are_Sealed_(film)=Due gemelle in Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Day_(1929_film)=Tempo di pic-nic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naughty_Nineties=L'arca di Noè (film 1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_and_Fury_(film)=Sound and Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Violent_Men=Uomini violenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardish=Gardish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_6=Game 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin_Kamen_Rider:_Prologue=Shin Kamen Rider Prologue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Good_Turn_(1931_film)=Andiamo a lavorare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bohemian_Girl_(1936_film)=La ragazza di Boemia (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagriti=Jagriti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caterina_in_the_Big_City=Caterina va in città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Girls_Love_Sailors=Perché le ragazze amano i marinai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F/X2=F/X 2 - Replay di un omicidio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_(1966_film)=Penelope, la magnifica ladra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_(film)=Giacobbe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Principal=The Principal - Una classe violenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_in_Action_2:_The_Beginning=Missing in Action (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braddock:_Missing_in_Action_III=Braddock: Missing in Action III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firewalker_(film)=Il tempio di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitman=Omicidio incrociato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Reach_(film)=Out of Reach (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casper's_Haunted_Christmas=Casper - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drillbit_Taylor=Drillbit Taylor - Bodyguard in saldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charge_of_the_Light_Brigade_(1936_film)=La carica dei seicento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinker_Bell_(film)=Trilli (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbary_Coast_(film)=La costa dei barbari (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_of_Fu_Manchu=Fu Manchu A.S.3 - Operazione tigre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Axe_(film)=Cacciatore di teste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveller_(1997_film)=Svolta pericolosa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_a_Dentist=Avventura di un dentista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_God_(film)=Strani miracoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels_(1939_film)=I viaggi di Gulliver (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heartbreak_Kid_(1993_film)=Amore ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletch_Lives=Fletch - Cronista d'assalto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cameraman=Il cameraman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.D._(miniseries)=A.D. - Anno Domini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilby_Wonderful=Wilby Wonderful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facing_the_Giants=Affrontando i giganti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Sword_(1962_film)=La spada magica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hound_of_the_Baskervilles_(1959_film)=La furia dei Baskerville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recess:_Taking_the_Fifth_Grade=Ricreazione: Un nuovo inizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recess:_All_Growed_Down=Ricreazione: Stiamo crescendo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recess_Christmas:_Miracle_on_Third_Street=Ricreazione: Natale sulla terza strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Love_(2004_film)=Adolescenza inquieta (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vixen!=Vixen (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hound_of_the_Baskervilles_(1939_film)=Sherlock Holmes e il mastino di Baskerville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trigger_Effect=Effetto black out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flight_of_the_Phoenix_(1965_film)=Il volo della fenice (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_(1922_film)=Fantasma (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dancer_Upstairs_(film)=Danza di sangue - Dancer Upstairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Graves_to_Cairo=I cinque segreti del deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Jim=Lonesome Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Elysian_Fields=L'ultimo gigolò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_'Em_Up_(film)=Shoot 'Em Up - Spara o muori!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Wolf_and_Cub:_Sword_of_Vengeance=Kozure ōkami: kowokashi udekashi tsukamatsuru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Screaming_Skull=Il teschio urlante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Su_Excelencia=Su Excelencia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Pie_Presents:_The_Naked_Mile=American Pie presenta: Nudi alla meta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_of_Earthly_Delights_(2004_film)=Il giardino delle delizie (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lydia_(film)=Lydia (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Hill_(1994_film)=Scacco al re nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Nest_(1923_film)=Il nido d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_River_Range=Red River Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Brother=Fra Diavolo (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_Seconds_(film)=7 Seconds (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Man_(2008_film)=Iron Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spoilers_(1914_film)=The Spoilers (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spoilers_(1923_film)=I predatori (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spoilers_(1930_film)=The Spoilers (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spoilers_(1942_film)=I cacciatori dell'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spoilers_(1955_film)=I pionieri dell'Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Ninja_4:_The_Annihilation=Guerriero americano 4 - Distruzione totale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Splendor_(film)=American Splendor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dukes_of_Hazzard:_The_Beginning=Hazzard - I Duke alla riscossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reeker=Reeker - Tra la vita e la morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Raid_Wardens=Il nemico ci ascolta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kid_from_Brooklyn=Preferisco la vacca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bullfighters=I Toreador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Scotland=Gli allegri eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frightened_City=Scotland Yard sezioni omicidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dancing_Masters=Maestri di ballo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Water_Margin_(film)=Le sette anime del drago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umrao_Jaan_(2006_film)=Umrao Jaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darna_Mana_Hai=Darna Mana Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Half_(film)=La metà oscura (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kermit's_Swamp_Years=Kermit's Swamp Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Chances=Le sette probabilità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergeant_Rutledge=I dannati e gli eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blade_(film)=The Blade (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libertarias=Libertarias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repentance_(1987_film)=Pentimento (film 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Luck=Hard Luck - Uno strano scherzo del destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_II:_The_Richard_Donner_Cut=Superman II: The Richard Donner Cut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latitude_Zero_(film)=Latitudine zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_&_Lovers_(film)=Friends & Lovers (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Castle_(1921_film)=Il castello di Vogelod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crocodile_(2000_film)=Crocodile (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Cards_(1968_film)=Il castello di carte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Zu=Shu shan zheng zhuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humraaz=Humraaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Feathers_(1939_film)=Le quattro piume (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attila_(miniseries)=Attila, l'unno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sons_of_Katie_Elder=I 4 figli di Katie Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Wagon=Carovana di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhoom_Barabar_Jhoom=Jhoom Barabar Jhoom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaan_(2005_film)=Elaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beast_from_Haunted_Cave=Beast from Haunted Cave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primeval_(film)=Paura primordiale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampira_(1974_film)=Vampira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Deewarein=3 Deewarein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prophecy_(film)=Profezia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yogi_(2007_film)=Yogi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nastasja=Nastasja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel,_Cruel_Love=Charlot aristocratico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Trail=Broken Trail - Un viaggio pericoloso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_New_Profession=Charlot in cerca di lavoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Own_the_Night_(film)=I padroni della notte (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_of_Command_(2000_film)=Rischio mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guns_of_the_Magnificent_Seven=Le pistole dei magnifici sette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico_Trilogy=Trilogia del Mariachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Industry_(film)=La spirale della vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Hogs=Svalvolati on the road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Quatrilho=O Quatrilho - Il quadriglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_U.S._vs._John_Lennon=U.S.A. contro John Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrong_Turn_2:_Dead_End=Wrong Turn 2 - Senza via di uscita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_God,_White_Devil=Il dio nero e il diavolo biondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_and_the_Canary_(1927_film)=Il castello degli spettri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_das_Mortes=Antonio das Mortes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_of_the_Body_Snatchers_(1978_film)=Terrore dallo spazio profondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Snatchers_(1993_film)=Ultracorpi - L'invasione continua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_June=6wor-ui ilgi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_I_Love_(1947_film)=Io amo (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Games_(2007_film)=Funny Games (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Seven_Ride=I magnifici sette cavalcano ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_of_Crisis:_The_Harvey_Wallinger_Story=Men of Crisis: The Harvey Wallinger Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Cuba=Viva Cuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lage_Raho_Munna_Bhai=Lage Raho Munna Bhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Seven=Il ritorno dei magnifici sette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_(1935_film)=La donna eterna (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Says_(film)=Simon Says - Gioca o muori!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beggar's_Opera_(film)=Il masnadiero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Strike_Force=China Strike Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsunami:_The_Aftermath=Tsunami (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nativity_Story=Nativity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shade_(film)=Shade - Carta vincente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times_of_Harvey_Milk=The Times of Harvey Milk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Loves_Me..._He_Loves_Me_Not_(film)=M'ama non m'ama (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_(2007_film)=Welcome (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happened_at_Lakewood_Manor=Terrore a Lakewood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysterious_Island_(2005_film)=L'isola misteriosa (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_World_(1960_film)=Mondo perduto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahapurush=Il santone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora:_Operation_Intercept=Volo 747 - Vendetta ad alta quota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Om_Shanti_Om=Om Shanti Om
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damnation_Alley_(film)=L'ultima odissea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quartet_(1981_film)=Quartet (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_and_Delilah_(1996_film)=Sansone e Dalila (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_in_the_Water=Magia nel lago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena_(1989_film)=Arena (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Name_of_the_Rose_(film)=Il nome della rosa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_(1996_film)=Bullet (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_or_Nothing_(film)=Tutto o niente (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tideland_(film)=Tideland - Il mondo capovolto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_(film)=Tim - Un uomo da odiare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula:_Pages_from_a_Virgin's_Diary=Dracula: Pages from a Virgin's Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comedy_of_Terrors=Il clan del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirits_of_the_Dead=Tre passi nel delirio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Hell_(film)=Inferno verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_&_Demons_(film)=Angeli e demoni (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_(2007_film)=Rogue - Il solitario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hottie_and_the_Nottie=The Hottie and the Nottie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butcher_Boy_(1917_film)=Fatty macellaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jigoku_(film)=Jigoku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Championship_Season_(1982_film)=Correre per vincere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patlabor:_The_Movie=Patlabor: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exterminator_2=Exterminator 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Lightning_(1973_film)=McKlusky, metà uomo metà odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_Earth_(film)=La terra silenziosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rocketeer_(film)=Le avventure di Rocketeer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tiger_of_Eschnapur_(1959_film)=La tigre di Eschnapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gator_(film)=Gator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_City=Summer City - Un'estate di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_January_Man=Un detective... particolare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Seas=Ventimila leghe sotto i mari (film 1907)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20,000_Leagues_Under_the_Sea_(1916_film)=Ventimila leghe sotto i mari (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Circus=La regina dei vampiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Gets_Me_Hot!=What Gets Me Hot!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Garrick=L'ultima beffa di Don Giovanni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Marco_Polo=Uno scozzese alla corte del Gran Kan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four's_a_Crowd=La quadriglia dell'illusione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Looking_Glass_(film)=L'inferno di una donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Power_(film)=Water Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem's_Lot_(1979_miniseries)=Le notti di Salem (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_the_Groom=È arrivato lo sposo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripley's_Game_(film)=Il gioco di Ripley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_4=Taxxi 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_at_Entebbe=La lunga notte di Entebbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Thunderbolt_(film)=La notte dei falchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackwoods_(film)=Blackwoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_of_Sunya=Gli amori di Sonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deepwater_(film)=Deepwater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gendarme_in_New_York=Tre gendarmi a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_gendarme_en_balade=6 gendarmi in fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Catch=Il sogno di una estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widows'_Peak=Tre vedove e un delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bickford_Shmeckler's_Cool_Ideas=Quel genio di Bickford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wristcutters:_A_Love_Story=Wristcutters - Una storia d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Triffids_(film)=L'invasione dei mostri verdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_It_Isn't_So_(film)=Dimmi che non è vero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Innocence_(1993_film)=L'età dell'innocenza (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellboy:_Sword_of_Storms=Hellboy - La spada maledetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellboy:_Blood_and_Iron=Hellboy - Fiumi di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyaar_To_Hona_Hi_Tha=Pyaar To Hona Hi Tha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partner_(2007_film)=Partner (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_and_Loathing_in_Las_Vegas_(film)=Paura e delirio a Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birds_and_the_Bees_(film)=Le tre notti di Eva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wheeler_Dealers=Letti separati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duel_at_Diablo=Duello a El Diablo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Blade=Lama scarlatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_and_the_Monster=La donna e il mostro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaves_of_New_York=Schiavi di New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiresia=Tiresia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firestorm_(1998_film)=Tempesta di fuoco (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemini_(1999_film)=Gemini (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_a_Gigolo_(1978_film)=Gigolò (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_Colder_Than_Death_(film)=L'amore è più freddo della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen_in_Manhattan=Jane Austen a Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Venice_Project=The Venice Project (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathfinder_(2007_film)=Pathfinder - La leggenda del guerriero vichingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Worlds_Collide_(1951_film)=Quando i mondi si scontrano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Listener_(film)=Una voce nella notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Soldier's_Daughter_Never_Cries_(film)=La figlia di un soldato non piange mai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_of_Arc_(miniseries)=Giovanna d'Arco (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Diggers_of_Broadway=Cercatrici d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_of_Liberty=Il fantasma della libertà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Persia:_The_Sands_of_Time_(film)=Prince of Persia - Le sabbie del tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_of_the_Brave_(2006_film)=Home of the Brave - Eroi senza gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omega_Doom=Omega Doom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lullaby_of_Broadway_(film)=La ninna nanna di Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Buttons_(1962_film)=La guerra dei bottoni (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan's_Run_(film)=La fuga di Logan (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_(film)=L'ultimo Apache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_in_Our_House=Summer of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kingdom_(film)=The Kingdom (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Harris=Mrs. Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K2_(film)=K2 - L'ultima sfida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Tremain_(film)=I rivoltosi di Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_West_(film)=La via del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Giovanni_(1979_film)=Don Giovanni (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Bowl_(film)=The Golden Bowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Investigating_Sex=Sesso ed altre indagini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnie_and_Moskowitz=Minnie e Moskowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octane_(film)=Octane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebels_of_the_Neon_God=I ribelli del dio neon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snapper_(film)=The Snapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_City_(1935_serial)=La città perduta (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Chorus_Line_(film)=Chorus Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luster_(film)=Luster (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theirs_Is_the_Glory=L'inferno degli uomini del cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camera_Buff=Il cineamatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matador_(film)=Matador (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing_Bicycle=Le biciclette di Pechino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loverboy_(2005_film)=Loverboy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closing_the_Ring=Closing the Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Glory_(2006_film)=Days of Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Nikita=Nikita - Spie senza volto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_over_Heels_(2001_film)=Top model per caso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Warning=L'ultimo avviso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Groomsmen=Fuga dal matrimonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Night,_Deadly_Night_5:_The_Toy_Maker=Silent Night, Deadly Night 5: The Toy Maker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Rides_a_Horse=Da uomo a uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_the_Press=Il potere della stampa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Bill=Strettamente confidenziale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tovarich_(film)=Tovarich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coastline=The Coastline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_of_'76_(1990_film)=I visitatori del sabato sera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Rock=Body Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Boy:_A_Profile_of_Steven_Prince=Ragazzo americano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Othello_(1995_film)=Othello (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Mike=Magic Mike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_and_the_Legend_of_the_Vampire=Scooby-Doo e la leggenda del vampiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Velvet_(film)=Una corsa sul prato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_the_Bridge=Oltre il ponte (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_a_Killer_Calls=When a Killer Calls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orphans_of_the_Storm=Le due orfanelle (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margin_for_Error=Margine d'errore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swamp_Thing_(film)=Il mostro della palude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Little_Girl=My Little Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Snake_Moan_(film)=Black Snake Moan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crank_(film)=Crank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Fighters=Sky Fighters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Diamond=Il diamante bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pass_the_Ammo=Assalto al network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romy_and_Michele:_In_the_Beginning=Romy & Michelle - Quasi ricche e famose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Is_It%3F=What Is It?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burglar_(film)=Affittasi ladra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Pink_Line=The Thin Pink Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil=DIL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beach_Boys:_An_American_Family=The Beach Boys: An American Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whispering_Shadow=The Whispering Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucking_Broadway=All'assalto del viale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_Death_101=Tutti i numeri del sesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mighty_Heart_(film)=A Mighty Heart - Un cuore grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amblin'=Amblin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forsaken_(film)=Desert Vampires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey's_Mellerdrammer=La capanna dello zio Tom (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Mario_Bros.:_Peach-Hime_Kyushutsu_Dai_Sakusen!=Super Mario Bros. - Peach-hime kyushutsu dai sakusen!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_6th_Man=Un canestro per due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/28_Weeks_Later=28 settimane dopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_Charlie=The Truth About Charlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McHale's_Navy_(1997_film)=La mia flotta privata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Man_with_a_Horn_(film)=Chimere (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitcher_II:_I've_Been_Waiting=The Hitcher II - Ti stavo aspettando...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tea_for_Two_(film)=Tè per due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_to_Athena=Amici e nemici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_World_of_the_Brothers_Grimm=Avventura nella fantasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_Wedding=Amori & segreti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You,_I_Love_You_Not=I Love You, I Love You Not
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conquering_Power=La commedia umana (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asterix_and_the_Big_Fight_(film)=Asterix e la grande guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_Uncle!=Il PornOcchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children's_Hour_(film)=Quelle due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Lucky_(film)=La dama e l'avventuriero (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biohazard_4D-Executer=Biohazard 4D-Executer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bostonians_(film)=I bostoniani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wilby_Conspiracy=Il seme dell'odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Hat=Il cappello di Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Land_of_Women=Il bacio che aspettavo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathless_(1983_film)=All'ultimo respiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Things_2=Sex Crimes 2 - Pronte a tutto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_War_with_the_Army=Il sergente di legno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_(1994_film)=L'Uomo Ombra (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Wagon_(1956_film)=L'ultima carovana (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curly_Sue=La tenera canaglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhanak_Jhanak_Payal_Baaje=Jhanak Jhanak Payal Baaje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_at_the_Vanities=Il mistero del varietà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choose_Me=Choose Me - Prendimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Owl_and_the_Pussycat_(film)=Il gufo e la gattina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghayal_(1990_film)=Ghayal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aankhen_(2002_film)=Aankhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_American_(1958_film)=Un americano tranquillo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_American_(2002_film)=The Quiet American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_(2005_film)=Gabrielle (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Razor's_Edge_(1946_film)=Il filo del rasoio (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Razor's_Edge_(1984_film)=Il filo del rasoio (film 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horton_Hears_a_Who!_(film)=Ortone e il mondo dei Chi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khakee=La divisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Moon_Rising=Il giorno della luna nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_Business_(1997_film)=Forza d'urto 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_(film)=Indagine ad alto rischio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockdown_(2000_film)=Lockdown - Dietro le sbarre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumping_Jacks=Il caporale Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Lights_(1997_film)=Northern Lights (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magical_Legend_of_the_Leprechauns=Magiche leggende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherrybaby=SherryBaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Somebody=Joe Somebody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_Pigeons=Il sapore del sangue (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Zelda_Sparks=Killing Zelda Sparks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blissfully_Yours=Sud sanaeha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_Blacula_Scream=Scream Blacula Scream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropical_Malady=Tropical Malady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Room=The Lost Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grey_Fox=The Grey Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinjar_(film)=Pinjar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shy_People=I diffidenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Side_Effects_(2005_film)=Side Effects - Gli effetti collaterali dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caught_(1949_film)=Presi nella morsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compromising_Positions=Posizioni compromettenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_See_You_in_My_Dreams_(1951_film)=I'll See You in My Dreams (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_(film)=The Spirit (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway!_(1973_film)=Attentato al Trans American Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_on_Skull_Mountain=The House on Skull Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busy_Bodies=Lavori in corso (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_Savage:_The_Man_of_Bronze=Doc Savage, l'uomo di bronzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_in_the_Endzone=Angeli alla meta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Name_Only=Non puoi impedirmi d'amare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automaton_Transfusion=Automaton Transfusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seed_(2007_film)=Seed (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Revolution_(1996_film)=Figli della rivoluzione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_the_American_Rabbit=Le avventure di un coniglio americano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Academy_(film)=Scuola di polizia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Academy_6:_City_Under_Siege=Scuola di polizia 6 - La città è assediata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Academy:_Mission_to_Moscow=Scuola di polizia - Missione a Mosca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Corn_V:_Fields_of_Terror=Gli adoratori del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_Periscope=Quota periscopio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Sweet_It_Is!=Uffa papà quanto rompi!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Medicine_(film)=Facoltà di medicina (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tru_Confessions=A proposito di Eddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Strikes_Out=Prigioniero della paura (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critters_(film)=Critters (Gli extraroditori)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redskin_(film)=Redskin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hairy_Tooth_Fairy=Il topolino Marty e la fabbrica di perle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Show_of_Shows=Rivista delle nazioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanderer_of_the_Wasteland_(1924_film)=L'errante senza colpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Buddwing=Una donna senza volto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Could_Get_Killed=M 5 codice diamanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_He_Left_Behind=La ragazza che ho lasciato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot-Out_at_Medicine_Bend=Il cerchio della vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berth_Marks=Concerto di violoncello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_Go_Forth=Cenere sotto il sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Was_That_Lady%3F=Chi era quella signora?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Billy_Young=Appuntamento per una vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gossip_(2000_American_film)=Gossip (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Mordrid=Invasori dalla IV dimensione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Eagle_(1988_film)=Aquila nera (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wings_(film)=Vingarne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_Pirates_Ahoy!=Scooby-Doo e i pirati dei Caraibi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowboxer=Shadowboxer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bug_(1975_film)=Bug - Insetto di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Corn_666:_Isaac's_Return=Children of the Corn 666 - Il ritorno di Isaac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Corn:_Revelation=Children of the Corn: Revelation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalecarlians_(film)=L'amore non basta mai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_End_(film)=The Living End (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitting_Bull_(film)=La strage del 7º Cavalleggeri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Troops_of_St._Tropez=Una ragazza a Saint-Tropez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallam_Foe=Hallam Foe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_Jox=Robot Jox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taking_of_Beverly_Hills=Rapina del secolo a Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnacle_Bill_(1957_film)=Il capitano soffre il mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cutting_Edge:_Going_for_the_Gold=In due per la vittoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Helens_(film)=Uragano di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_gendarme_et_les_gendarmettes=Le Gendarme et les gendarmettes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_gendarme_se_marie=Calma ragazze, oggi mi sposo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_to_Eden_(film)=Exit to Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodsport_II:_The_Next_Kumite=Colpi proibiti 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodsport_III=Colpi proibiti III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Numbers=Magic Numbers - Numeri magici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golem:_How_He_Came_into_the_World=Il Golem - Come venne al mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Brigade_(film)=La brigata del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Levees_Broke=When the Levees Broke: A Requiem in Four Acts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Singapore=La danzatrice di Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Zanzibar=Avventura a Zanzibar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manitou=Manitù, lo spirito del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firelight=Firelight (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scram!=Ospiti inattesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Silence=Dead Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crackers_(1984_film)=Crackers (film 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_in_the_Infield=Un diamante con le ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kickboxer_4=Kickboxer 4 - L'aggressore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heading_South=Verso il sud (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Tree_(1993_film)=Caccia mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Day_for_a_Hanging=Domani m'impiccheranno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloody_Pit_of_Horror=Il boia scarlatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scavenger_Hunt=Scavenger Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_About_Mambo=Mad About Mambo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Is_My_Darling_(film)=Charlie Is My Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Joe_Young_(1998_film)=Il grande Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Hollywood=Verso Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_on_My_Shoulder_(film)=L'infernale avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas:_The_Early_Years=L'alba di Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_in_Love_(1984_film)=Innamorarsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_Rips=Jill Rips - Indagine a luci rosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampires:_Los_Muertos=Il cacciatore delle tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jennie_Project=Uno scimpanzé di... famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Twas_the_Night=Natale2.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampires:_The_Turning=Vampires 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbors_(1981_film)=I vicini di casa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scream_Team=Attenzione: fantasmi in transito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barbie_Diaries=Il diario di Barbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wholly_Communion=Wholly Communion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man-Thing_(film)=Man-Thing - La natura del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_of_Forgotten_Ancestors=Le ombre degli avi dimenticati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blueberry_(film)=Blueberry (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Gate_(1998_film)=China Gate (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Gate_(1957_film)=La porta della Cina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Lassie=Il figlio di Lassie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_and_the_Frog=La principessa e il ranocchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grudge_3=The Grudge 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Win_'Em_All=Al soldo di tutte le bandiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riot_in_Cell_Block_11=Rivolta al blocco 11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loose_Cannons_(1990_film)=Poliziotti a due zampe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Hour=The Last Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snakes_on_a_Train=Snakes on a Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_Enemy_Lines_II:_Axis_of_Evil=Dietro le linee nemiche II - L'asse del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_House:_The_Good_Mother=Prigione di vetro 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saved_from_the_Titanic=Salvata dal Titanic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderball_(film)=Agente 007 - Thunderball (Operazione tuono)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hero_of_Our_Times=Un eroe dei nostri tempi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syndromes_and_a_Century=Sang sattawat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Rome=L'investigatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Zachary_Beaver_Came_to_Town=È arrivato Zachary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Almost_Perfect_Affair=Un amore perfetto o quasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horse_with_the_Flying_Tail=Il cavallo volante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downhill_Racer=Gli spericolati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Poses=Attenti al clic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_and_a_Half=Un piedipiatti e mezzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Laurel-Hardy_Murder_Case=L'eredità (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greedy_(film)=Caro zio Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_X_(film)=Il dottor X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interview_(2007_film)=Interview (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rest_Stop_(film)=Rest Stop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lover_Come_Back_(1961_film)=Amore, ritorna!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Girl's_Confession=Confessione di una ragazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Less_Than_Zero_(film)=Al di là di tutti i limiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Swamp_Thing=Il ritorno del mostro della palude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romulus,_My_Father_(film)=Meno male che c'è papà - My Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silencers_(film)=Matt Helm il silenziatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slayers_The_Motion_Picture=Slayers - Le terme di Mipross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slayers_Great=Slayers - La città dei Golem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intacto=Intacto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waxworks_(film)=Il gabinetto delle figure di cera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ambushers_(film)=L'imboscata (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trailer_Park_Boys:_The_Movie=Trailer Park Boys: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_of_the_Head=Brothers of the Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Midnight_Patrol=Guerra ai ladri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towed_in_a_Hole=Trainati in un buco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Escapist_(2002_film)=L'uomo senza legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrecting_the_Champ=La rivincita del campione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_the_Party_(1930_film)=The Life of the Party (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ten=The Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afonya=Afonia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outside_Ozona=Outside Ozona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Au_Pair_II=Matrimonio per papà 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Creature=Lei, la creatura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondo_Topless=Mondo Topless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Child_Is_Waiting=Gli esclusi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Island_(1950_film)=L'isola del tesoro (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Kidd_(film)=Capitan Kidd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Importance_of_Being_Earnest_(2002_film)=L'importanza di chiamarsi Ernest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Tigers_(film)=I falchi di Rangoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toxic_Avenger_Part_II=The Toxic Avenger Part II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(2001_film)=Metropolis (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Me,_Guido=Baciami Guido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winslow_Boy_(1999_film)=Il caso Winslow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winslow_Boy_(1948_film)=Tutto mi accusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die,_Mommie,_Die!=Piccole bugie travestite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_and_the_Monster_of_Mexico=Scooby-Doo e il terrore del Messico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_(1929_film)=Sally (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Desert_Rats_(film)=I topi del deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan,_the_Pirate=Morgan il pirata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_Alexander=Mémoires Affectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbeard_the_Pirate=Il pirata Barbanera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rare_Birds=Due cuori e una cucina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toxic_Avenger_Part_III:_The_Last_Temptation_of_Toxie=The Toxic Avenger Part III: The Last Temptation of Toxie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Toxie:_The_Toxic_Avenger_IV=Citizen Toxie: The Toxic Avenger IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte's_Web_2:_Wilbur's_Great_Adventure=La grande avventura di Wilbur - La tela di Carlotta 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matinee_(1993_film)=Matinee (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_the_Golden_Gun_(film)=Agente 007 - L'uomo dalla pistola d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ask_Father=Ask Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Movie=Fuga da Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilder_Napalm=Triangolo di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta_Story=Una storia di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodline_(1979_film)=Linea di sangue (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_in_Paris_(film)=Aprile a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Simple_Plan_(film)=Soldi sporchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meridian:_Kiss_of_the_Beast=Meridian (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darjeeling_Limited=Il treno per il Darjeeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_Your_Right_Up=Cura la tua destra...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_Perfect_(1997_film)=Romantici equivoci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gisaku=Gisaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Crabe-tambour=L'uomo del fiume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recreation_(film)=Charlot in vacanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Helsing:_The_London_Assignment=Van Helsing - La missione londinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subway_(film)=Subway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_(franchise)=Alien (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Broadway_(film)=On Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Freak=Castle Freak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canterville_Ghost_(1944_film)=Lo spettro di Canterville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicksilver_(film)=Quicksilver - Soldi senza fatica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superbad_(film)=Suxbad - Tre menti sopra il pelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_in_Space=Guerra spaziale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Man_(2006_film)=Nightmare Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_to_the_Infinite_Power=Anna to the Infinite Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_to_Talk_About_(film)=Qualcosa di cui... sparlare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marci_X=Marci X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Midsummer_Night's_Dream_(1999_film)=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Descent_Part_2=The Descent Part 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Her_Majesty's_Secret_Service_(film)=Agente 007 - Al servizio segreto di Sua Maestà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hellbenders=I crudeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiptoes=Tiptoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mademoiselle_Fifi_(film)=Mademoiselle Fifi (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Swan_(film)=Il cigno nero (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnie_the_Pooh_and_Christmas_Too=Natale con Winny Puh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_River_Runs_Through_It_(film)=In mezzo scorre il fiume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon_for_Cordoba=4 per Cordoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petulia=Petulia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuroneko=Kuroneko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holy_Mountain_(1926_film)=La montagna dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_West,_Young_Man=Go West Young Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_of_the_Nineties=Belle of the Nineties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arch_of_Triumph_(1948_film)=Arco di trionfo (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_Russia=Song of Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_North_Star_(1943_film)=Fuoco a oriente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_Down=Takedown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorna_(film)=Lorna (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Hardcore_(film)=American Hardcore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorpsycho_(film)=Motorpsycho!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Verdict_(1946_film)=La morte viene da Scotland Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humko_Tumse_Pyaar_Hai=Quando torna l'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April's_Shower=Addio al nubilato (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viy_(1967_film)=Vij (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandads-Robbers=Stariki-razbojniki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Scream=Il grido silenzioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_My_Hubby=Gutse-eora Geum-soon-a
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finders_Keepers,_Lovers_Weepers!=Finders Keepers, Lovers Weepers!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ask_the_Dust_(film)=Chiedi alla polvere (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_(1934_film)=Cleopatra (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Weaken=Viaggio in paradiso (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Water_(1924_film)=Il re degli scapoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Egyptian_(film)=Sinuhe l'egiziano (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewster's_Millions_(1985_film)=Chi più spende... più guadagna!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nibelungen=I nibelunghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invincible_(2006_film)=Imbattibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_and_Day_(1946_film)=Notte e dì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_the_Lonely_(film)=Cara mamma, mi sposo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldfinger_(film)=Agente 007 - Missione Goldfinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Man_for_Himself_(1980_film)=Si salvi chi può (la vita)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slayers_Return=Slayers - L'eredità degli elfi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2:37=2:37
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Laurie_(1927_film)=Annie Laurie la fanciulla scozzese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Noon_till_Three=Da mezzogiorno alle tre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mater_and_the_Ghostlight=Carl Attrezzi e la luce fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forty_Guns=Quaranta pistole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_the_Way=Along the Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moondance_Alexander=Moondance Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modesty_Blaise_(1966_film)=Modesty Blaise - La bellissima che uccide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harsh_Times=Harsh Times - I giorni dell'odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manny_&_Lo=Manny & Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Bundy_(film)=Ted Bundy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trembling_Before_G-d=Trembling Before G-d
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Balalaika_Show=Total Balalaika Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Gun_Can_Play=Vado... l'ammazzo e torno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breed_(2006_film)=The Breed - La razza del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Glow_of_the_Mountains=Gasherbrum - Der leuchtende Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Ecstasy_of_Woodcarver_Steiner=La grande estasi dell'intagliatore Steiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Green_Ants_Dream=Dove sognano le formiche verdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Car=Blue Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Flute_(2006_film)=Il flauto magico (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Old_Feeling_(film)=Questo pazzo sentimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_of_Nuke_'Em_High_3:_The_Good,_the_Bad_and_the_Subhumanoid=Class of Nuke 'Em High 3: The Good, the Bad and the Subhumanoid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bye_Bye_Monkey=Ciao maschio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Yuma_(film)=Johnny Yuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_the_Turtle_(film)=La voce della tortora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crazy_Ray=Parigi che dorme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/638_Ways_to_Kill_Castro=638 metodi per uccidere Castro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gingerbread_Man_(film)=Conflitto d'interessi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhapsody_(film)=Rapsodia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Boy_Floyd_(film)=Sparate a vista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Find_a_Place_to_Die=Joe... cercati un posto per morire!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigot_(film)=Gigò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Men=Uomini semplici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Clip=Full Clip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_the_Midlands=C'era una volta in Inghilterra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Enemies_(2009_film)=Nemico pubblico - Public Enemies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trumpet_of_the_Swan_(film)=La voce del cigno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_Your_Lucky_Stars_(film)=Sotto le stelle di Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodfist=Pugni d'acciaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_XII:_The_Great_Day_of_the_Flyers=Alla ricerca della Valle Incantata 12 - Il giorno dei rettili volanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthlings_(film)=Earthlings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentino_(1977_film)=Valentino (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Risk_(1995_film)=Meltdown - La catastrofe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Milky_Way_(1936_film)=La via lattea (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolls_(1987_film)=Dolls (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Boulevard_(1976_film)=Hollywood Boulevard (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who'll_Stop_the_Rain=I guerrieri dell'inferno (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Angels_Fear_to_Tread_(film)=Monteriano - Dove gli angeli non osano metter piede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamara_(2005_film)=Tamara - Toccata dal fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Savages=Il giardino della violenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauvre_Pierrot=Pauvre Pierrot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkeyshines=Monkeyshines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Covenant_(film)=The Covenant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Sherlock_Holmes_(film)=Le avventure di Sherlock Holmes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FernGully_2:_The_Magical_Rescue=FernGully - Cuccioli da salvare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Masai=Masai bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crew_(2000_film)=I soliti amici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spy_Who_Loved_Me_(film)=La spia che mi amava (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonraker_(film)=Moonraker - Operazione spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Your_Eyes_Only_(film)=Solo per i tuoi occhi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._No_(film)=Agente 007 - Licenza di uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_and_Let_Die_(film)=Agente 007 - Vivi e lascia morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Russia_with_Love_(film)=A 007, dalla Russia con amore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunacy_(film)=Šílení
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Nine_Yards_(film)=FBI: Protezione testimoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Is_Cletis_Tout%3F=Chi è Cletis Tout?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bait_(1995_film)=L'esca (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Code_(2001_film)=The Code (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_in_a_Small_Town=Xiǎochéng zhī chūn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Leapt_Through_Time_(2006_film)=La ragazza che saltava nel tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_Has_Left_the_Building=Se ti investo mi sposi?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yellow_Rolls-Royce=Una Rolls-Royce gialla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspirators_of_Pleasure=Cospiratori del piacere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_(film)=Jídlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equus_(film)=Equus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Fugitives=In fuga per tre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devdas_(1936_film)=Devdas (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooter_(2007_film)=Shooter (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_the_Year_(2006_film)=L'uomo dell'anno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean,_Shaven=Clean, Shaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_over_the_City=Le mani sulla città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flyboys_(film)=The Flyboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Anthem=Sogno americano (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chromophobia_(film)=Chromophobia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz:_The_Elizabeth_Taylor_Story=Liz, la diva dagli occhi viola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels_Beyond_the_Moon=Gulliver no uchū ryokō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meteor_Man_(film)=The Meteor Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Force_of_One=La polvere degli angeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passion_of_Darkly_Noon=Sinistre ossessioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassandra's_Dream=Sogni e delitti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odd_Couple_(film)=La strana coppia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pit_and_the_Pendulum_(1991_film)=Il pozzo e il pendolo (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Sea_3D=Deep Sea: Il mondo sommerso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_Two=Anniversario di nozze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita's_Dinosaur_2006=Doraemon - The Movie: Il dinosauro di Nobita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Dobbs=L'urlo dei comanches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_It_to_Beaver_(film)=Ci pensa Beaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deadly_Companions=La morte cavalca a Rio Bravo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_(2004_film)=Non desiderare la donna d'altri (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunga_Din_(film)=Gunga Din (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goddess_(1934_film)=The Goddess (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Alexanderplatz_(miniseries)=Berlin Alexanderplatz (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Be_Good_(1941_film)=Lady Be Good (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_a_Cloak=La casa del corvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Remember_Dolly_Bell%3F=Ti ricordi di Dolly Bell?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_of_Doomed_Men=Island of Doomed Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_to_Remember_(1958_film)=Titanic, latitudine 41 nord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paprika_(2006_film)=Paprika - Sognando un sogno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragile_(film)=Fragile - A Ghost Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_with_the_Devil=In corsa con il diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saajan=Saajan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fatal_Hour_(1940_film)=L'ora fatale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_Monster=Mostro pazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Snowy_River_(1982_film)=L'uomo del fiume nevoso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_at_Dawn=L'agente speciale Pinkerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mata_Hari_(1931_film)=Mata Hari (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Outnumbered=Always Outnumbered - Giustizia senza legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Gibraltar=Il sogno del mare - Rocket Gibraltar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_of_Evil=Il prigioniero della miniera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nomad_(2005_film)=Nomad - The Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zerophilia=Zerophilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbur_Wants_to_Kill_Himself=Wilbur Wants to Kill Himself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_the_Duck_(film)=Howard e il destino del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killer_Shrews=The Killer Shrews - Toporagni assassini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Sky=Cielo giallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Front_Page_(1931_film)=The Front Page (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Food_Nation_(film)=Fast Food Nation (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dushman_(1998_film)=Dushman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hard_Corps=The Hard Corps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loch_Ness_(film)=Loch Ness (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_the_Mountain=Una finestra sul cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aankhen_(1993_film)=Aankhen (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amityville_3-D=Amityville 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amityville_4:_The_Evil_Escapes=Amityville Horror - La fuga del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amityville:_It's_About_Time=Amityville 1992: It's About Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amityville:_A_New_Generation=Amityville - A New Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amityville_Dollhouse=Amityville Dollhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Mary_Lou:_Prom_Night_II=Prom Night II - Il ritorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Path_to_9/11=11 settembre - Tragedia annunciata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hester_Street_(film)=Hester Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Jewels_(film)=I 7 magnifici Jerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleidoscope_(1966_film)=La truffa che piaceva a Scotland Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lords_of_the_Deep=Lords of the Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hurricane_Express=Uragano express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_(1952_film)=Gli occhi che non sorrisero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osaka_Elegy=Elegia di Osaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_in_White=Scarlatti - Il thriller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prom_Night_III:_The_Last_Kiss=Prom Night III - L'ultimo bacio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prom_Night_IV:_Deliver_Us_from_Evil=Discesa all'inferno (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burglars=Gli scassinatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bully_(film)=Il grande bullo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karate_Kiba=Karate Kiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_the_Lost_(film)=Land of the Lost (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mojave_Moon=Desert Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita's_New_Great_Adventure_into_the_Underworld=Doraemon: Nobita no shin makai daibōken ~7-nin no mahō tsukai~
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomed_to_Die=Condannato a morte (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_in_New_York_(film)=Autumn in New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Education_of_Charlie_Banks=The Education of Charlie Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Trap_for_Santa_Claus=A Trap for Santa Claus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Murders=Piccoli omicidi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodfist_II=Bloodfist II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodfist_III:_Forced_to_Fight=Bloodfist III: La legge del drago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toni_(1935_film)=Toni (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ten-Year_Lunch=The Ten-Year Lunch: The Wit and Legend of the Algonquin Round Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babar:_The_Movie=Babar (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_to_Marseille=Il giuramento dei forzati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoeshine_(film)=Sciuscià (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Employee_of_the_Month_(2006_film)=Impiegato del mese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box_of_Moonlight=Box of Moonlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Importance_of_Being_Earnest_(1952_film)=L'importanza di chiamarsi Ernesto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funeral_Parade_of_Roses=Bara no Sōretsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspiration_(1915_film)=Inspiration (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StrayDog:_Kerberos_Panzer_Cops=StrayDog: Kerberos Panzer Cops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Spectacles=The Red Spectacles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_This_Our_Life=In questa nostra vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aashiqui=Aashiqui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Submarine_Command=Squali d'acciaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lords_of_Discipline_(film)=Cavalli di razza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayerling_(1968_film)=Mayerling (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attila_(1954_film)=Attila (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Legend_(film)=Io sono leggenda (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Times_of_Judge_Roy_Bean=L'uomo dai 7 capestri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Up_and_Cheer!=Il trionfo della vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Looks_Could_Kill_(film)=Un agente segreto al liceo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_Dogs_Lie_(2006_film)=Hotdog - Un cane chiamato Desiderio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princesas=Princesas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixie_Chicks:_Shut_Up_and_Sing=Shut Up and Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewie_Griffin:_The_Untold_Story=La storia segreta di Stewie Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harper_(film)=Detective's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_the_Ice_(film)=Avventura in montagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stooge=Il cantante matto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slumber_Party_Massacre_II=Slumber Party Massacre II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombiegeddon=Zombiegeddon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macbeth_(2006_film)=Macbeth - La tragedia dell'ambizione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Force_2:_The_Colombian_Connection=Colombia Connection - Il massacro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carried_Away_(1996_film)=Giorni di passione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severance_(film)=Severance - Tagli al personale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_in_the_Gutter=Lo specchio del desiderio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Gone_Mad=The World Gone Mad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsy_(1962_film)=La donna che inventò lo strip-tease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_to_Hell_(film)=Autostrada per l'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Life_(film)=The Wild Life (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallowwalkers=Gallowwalkers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Zombies=King of the Zombies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Louis=The Golden Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Shield_of_Falworth=Lo scudo dei Falworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Strong=Il coraggio di vincere (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_from_10,000_Leagues=The Phantom from 10,000 Leagues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Petrified_World=The Incredible Petrified World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Gods_of_Shark_Reef=Le dee della scogliera del pescecane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Transparent_Man=The Amazing Transparent Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captains_of_the_Clouds=Captains of the Clouds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horrors_of_Spider_Island=L'abbraccio del ragno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wasp_Woman=La donna vespa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steal_This_Film=Steal This Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqua_Teen_Hunger_Force_Colon_Movie_Film_for_Theaters=Aqua Teen Hunger Force Colon Movie Film for Theaters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Above_Us_the_Waves=Sopra di noi il mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_on_a_Dolphin=Il ragazzo sul delfino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Quentin_Durward=L'arciere del re (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forbidden_Kingdom=Il regno proibito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knights_of_the_Round_Table_(film)=I cavalieri della Tavola Rotonda (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump_In!=Jump In!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Eyes=Tokyo Eyes - Gli occhi di Tokio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man_Walking_(film)=Dead Man Walking - Condannato a morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizugumo_Monmon=Mizugumo Monmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kong_Island=Eva la Venere selvaggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_of_the_Gorilla=Bride of the Gorilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_and_the_Dragon_(film)=George and the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_the_Dead=Le cronache dei morti viventi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Intentions=Attrazioni omicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Intentions..._Again%3F=Attrazioni omicide (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Embrace=Il segno degli Hannan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hired_a_Contract_Killer=Ho affittato un killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biscuit_Eater_(1972_film)=Perdipiù il segugio fannullone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie_in_the_12_Dancing_Princesses=Barbie e le 12 principesse danzanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Caesar_(1970_film)=23 pugnali per Cesare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_of_the_Moons=Crash of Moons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_It_Up=Più vivo che morto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Fish_(film)=Go Fish (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Time_I_Saw_Paris=L'ultima volta che vidi Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Ring_Circus=Il circo a tre piste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Twist_(1922_film)=Oliviero Twist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Jihad_for_Love=A Jihad for Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raaz_(2002_film)=Raaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Captains=Capitani d'aprile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fuzzy_Pink_Nightgown=Vietato rubare le stelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guys_and_Dolls_(film)=Bulli e pupe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_and_the_Tyrants_of_Babylon=Ercole contro i tiranni di Babilonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Palace=La città dei mostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killers_(2003_film)=Killers (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_Disc:_A_Story_of_the_Cromwellian_Period=The Death Disc: A Story of the Cromwellian Period
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_School_(film)=American College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_of_the_Unicorn=Il viaggio dell'unicorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajnabee_(2001_film)=Ajnabee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can-Can_(film)=Can-Can (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chak_De!_India=Chak De! India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternally_Yours_(film)=Eternamente tua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Never_Too_Young=Il nipote picchiatello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artists_and_Models=Artisti e modelle (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ketchup_Effect=Effetti pericolosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futurama:_Bender's_Big_Score=Futurama - Il colpo grosso di Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Survivor_(1981_film)=Survivor - L'aereo maledetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lights_of_New_York_(1916_film)=Lights of New York (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paleface_(1922_film)=Il viso pallido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning,_Miss_Dove=Buongiorno, Miss Dove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Souriante_Madame_Beudet=La sorridente signora Beudet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bon_Voyage_(2003_film)=Bon Voyage (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock-A-Bye_Baby_(film)=Il balio asciutto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_Sign=Tiro a segno (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Southerner_(film)=L'uomo del Sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lower_Depths_(1936_film)=Verso la vita (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeh_Dillagi=Yeh Dillagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Tussi_Great_Ho=God Tussi Great Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Two_Flags_(1936_film)=Sotto due bandiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Geisha_Boy=Il ponticello sul fiume dei guai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Give_Up_the_Ship_(film)=C'era una volta un piccolo naviglio (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocaine_Cowboys=La vera storia di Scarface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Wolodyjowski_(film)=Il settimo flagello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visit_to_a_Small_Planet=Un marziano sulla Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ladies_Man_(2000_film)=The Ladies Man (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Errand_Boy=Il mattatore di Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Only_Money=Sherlocko... investigatore sciocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fastest_Gun_Alive=La pistola sepolta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rembrandt_(1936_film)=L'arte e gli amori di Rembrandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trail_Beyond=La traccia infernale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Minding_the_Store%3F=Dove vai sono guai!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Star_(1952_film)=Stella solitaria (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Patsy_(1964_film)=Jerry 8¾
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myra_Breckinridge_(film)=Il caso Myra Breckinridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apartment_Zero=Apartment Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disorderly_Orderly=Pazzi, pupe e pillole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Knight_(film)=Il cavaliere del mistero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Big_Hand_for_the_Little_Lady=Posta grossa a Dodge City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xala=Xala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boys_Next_Door_(1985_film)=I ragazzi della porta accanto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blossoming_of_Maximo_Oliveros=Ang pagdadalaga ni Maximo Oliveros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Phantom_Ship=Soratobu Yūreisen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Look_Back_(1996_film)=Non guardare indietro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_of_the_Desert=Intolleranza: Simon del deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_the_Garden=La selva dei dannati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Derby_Stallion=The Derby Stallion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_Run=Due vite segnate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal_(2008_film)=Deal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladiator_(1992_film)=I gladiatori della strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_on_a_Couch=3 sul divano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way...Way_Out=Stazione luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Mouth=Il ciarlatano (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorry,_Haters=America dopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outside_Providence_(film)=L'occasione per cambiare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightwatch_(1994_film)=Il guardiano di notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idolmaker=Rock Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolson_Sings_Again=Non c'è passione più grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Which_Way_to_the_Front%3F=Scusi, dov'è il fronte?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Blues=Paris Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parinda=Parinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Notte=La notte (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Titans:_Trouble_in_Tokyo=Teen Titans: Trouble in Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Huck_Finn_(1993_film)=Le avventure di Huck Finn (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hound_of_the_Baskervilles_(2002_film)=Il mastino dei Baskerville (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lovers_(1958_film)=Gli amanti (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_Romance=Služebnyj roman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Push_Cart=Man Push Cart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Is_the_Friend's_Home%3F=Dov'è la casa del mio amico?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_at_Your_Door=Right at Your Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He-Man_&_She-Ra:_A_Christmas_Special=He-Man e She-Ra: Speciale Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_and_I_(1999_film)=Il re ed io (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Night=The Good Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Canyon=Paradise Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarecrow_(1920_film)=Lo spaventapasseri (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Luck_(1921_film)=Fortuna avversa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Bones=Il commediante (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Warhol:_A_Documentary_Film=Andy Warhol: A Documentary Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Olive_Trees=Sotto gli ulivi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starship_Troopers_3:_Marauder=Starship Troopers 3 - L'arma segreta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inkheart_(film)=Inkheart - La leggenda di cuore d'inchiostro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vie_et_Passion_du_Christ=La Vie et la Passion de Jésus-Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Don't_Eat_the_Daisies_(film)=Non mangiate le margherite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drop_Kick=L'atleta innamorato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardelys_the_Magnificent=Bardelys il magnifico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_Camp=Jesus Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Were_Not_Divided=They Were Not Divided
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Machree=La canzone della mamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Sons=L'ultima gioia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Friends_&_Neighbors=Amici & vicini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Gould's_Secret_(film)=Il segreto di Joe Gould (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captivity_(film)=Captivity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunters_(1958_film)=I cacciatori (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_(film)=Bang (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Country,_My_Country=My Country My Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_War_(film)=Strategia del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taste_of_Others=Il gusto degli altri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smashing_Time=Ci divertiamo da matti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Maid_(1939_film)=Il grande amore (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister,_Sister_(1987_film)=I delitti della palude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Make_Love=Facciamo l'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payment_on_Demand=L'ambiziosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanfan_la_Tulipe=Fanfan la Tulipe (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaya_(film)=Malesia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_(1972_film)=Calore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sisters_(2005_film)=The Sisters (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Glory_(1944_film)=Tamara figlia della steppa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Farm_(film)=L'allegra fattoria (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Household_Saints=Verso il paradiso (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Banquet_(2006_film)=The Banquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Bovary_(1949_film)=Madame Bovary (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennies_from_Heaven_(1981_film)=Spiccioli dal cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herdsmen_of_the_Sun=Wodaabe - I pastori del sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysteries_of_Pittsburgh_(film)=I misteri di Pittsburgh (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Violence=Crimini invisibili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antony_and_Cleopatra_(1972_film)=All'ombra delle piramidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Lieutenant=Le petit lieutenant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_This_and_World_War_II=All This and World War II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jericho_Mansions=Jericho Mansions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_John_L.=Il gigante di Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupo_the_Butcher=Lupo the Butcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Other_Disasters=Amore e altri disastri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy's_Hollywood_Screen_Kiss=Billy's Hollywood Screen Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watching_the_Detectives_(film)=I Love Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_(1951_film)=Quebec (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stupids_(film)=The Stupids (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vanishing_Prairie=La grande prateria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rounders_(1965_film)=Gli indomabili dell'Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spring_River_Flows_East=The Spring River Flows East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_Called_Love=Quella cosa chiamata amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Days_of_Night_(film)=30 giorni di buio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Eagle_II=Aquile d'attacco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_in_Seven_Lessons=Nederlands in zeven lessen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Wives'_Tale=Racconti di giovani mogli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughter_in_Paradise=Risate in paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Wild_Oat=One Wild Oat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_People_(film)=The Secret People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Kind_of_Love=Il mio amore con Samantha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Missed_Call_2=The Call 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tall_Men_(film)=Gli implacabili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Let_Me_Go_(1953_film)=Arrivò l'alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happened_in_Broad_Daylight=Il mostro di Mägendorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Walk_in_the_Spring_Rain=Passeggiata sotto la pioggia di primavera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loves_of_Madame_Dubarry=I Give My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WXIII:_Patlabor_the_Movie_3=WXIII: Patlabor the Movie 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Letter_(1973_film)=La lettera scarlatta (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World's_Greatest_Athlete=Nanù, il figlio della giungla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visitor_(1979_film)=Stridulum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unhook_the_Stars=Una donna molto speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Sister=Un amore speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_League:_The_New_Frontier=Justice League: The New Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Boleyn_Girl_(2008_film)=L'altra donna del re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Mrs._Carrolls=La seconda signora Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_in_the_Sand=Boys in the Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Little_Indian_(film)=Un piccolo indiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_God_Created_Woman_(1988_film)=E Dio creò la donna (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_Seeing_You_(1944_film)=Al tuo ritorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_We_Go_Round_the_Mulberry_Bush_(film)=Girando intorno al cespuglio di more
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlefield_Earth_(film)=Battaglia per la Terra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Yesterday_(1993_film)=Nata ieri (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotional_Arithmetic=Emotional Arithmetic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnosaur_2=Carnosaur 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gladiators_(film)=Gladiatorerna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Hunt=Caccia di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_(1950_film)=Kim (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Gantry_(film)=Il figlio di Giuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Riviera=Divertiamoci stanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guns_of_Navarone_(film)=I cannoni di Navarone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_for_Scoundrels_(2006_film)=Scuola per canaglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_White_in_Color=Bianco e nero a colori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariel_(film)=Ariel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Girls=Les Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brides_of_Fu_Manchu=Il giorno dei fazzoletti rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mephisto_(1981_film)=Mephisto (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac_Man=Cadillac Man - Mister occasionissima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tender_Trap_(film)=Il fidanzato di tutte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Came_to_Cordura=Cordura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sami_swoi=Sami swoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Affair_(1994_film)=Love Affair - Un grande amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Super_Cops=Due supercolt a Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawless_Range=L'oro di Picano Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Kaiser_von_Kalifornien=L'imperatore della California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Life_(2006_film)=Still Life (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangman's_House=La casa del boia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pride_and_the_Passion=Orgoglio e passione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello,_Dolly!_(film)=Hello, Dolly!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fools'_Parade=L'uomo dinamite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_2=Nana 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Hut=La capannina (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Minds=Symbiosis - Uniti per la morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfume:_The_Story_of_a_Murderer_(film)=Profumo - Storia di un assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Paul_Jones_(film)=Il grande capitano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2001_Maniacs=2001 Maniacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algol_(film)=Algol (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Navy_(film)=Allegri naviganti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Midsummer_Night's_Dream_(1935_film)=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaby_(film)=Gaby (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Miss_Sunshine=Little Miss Sunshine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poltergeist_(1982_film)=Poltergeist - Demoniache presenze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poltergeist_II:_The_Other_Side=Poltergeist II - L'altra dimensione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Mansions_(film)=Verdi dimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Three_Loves=Storia di tre amori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virus_(1980_film)=Ultimo rifugio: Antartide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_and_Costello_Go_to_Mars=Viaggio al pianeta Venere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabuliwala_(1957_film)=Kabuliwala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misery_(film)=Misery non deve morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Sadie_Thompson=Pioggia (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swimmer_(1968_film)=Un uomo a nudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dog_Year=Pet Therapy - Un cane per amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scorpion_King_2:_Rise_of_a_Warrior=Il Re Scorpione 2 - Il destino di un guerriero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miniver_Story=Addio signora Miniver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Country_Girl_(1954_film)=La ragazza di campagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_Doll_(film)=Il mostro e le vergini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Gulliver=Il nuovo Gulliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copkiller=Copkiller (L'assassino dei poliziotti)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Confessions_(film)=L'assoluzione (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taste_of_Fear=La casa del terrore (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Park_(film)=L'allenatrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raining_Stones=Piovono pietre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Old_Song=Parole, parole, parole...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salome_(1953_film)=Salomè (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warlock:_The_Armageddon=Warlock - L'angelo dell'apocalisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artists_and_Models_(1937_film)=Artisti e modelle (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unidentified_Flying_Oddball=Un astronauta alla tavola rotonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Then_She_Found_Me=Quando tutto cambia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asterix_the_Gaul_(film)=Asterix il gallico (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_That_Ghost=L'inafferrabile spettro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_in_My_Heart_(1954_film)=Così parla il cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifted_(2006_film)=Stu - Anche un alieno può sbagliare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Summer_in_St._Tropez=Un été à Saint-Tropez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blonde_Crazy=La bionda e l'avventuriero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_Underground=Children Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_and_Costello_Meet_Dr._Jekyll_and_Mr._Hyde=Gianni e Pinotto contro il dottor Jekyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Appointment=La virtù sdraiata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_Street_(1937_film)=Dolce inganno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vase_de_Noces=Vase de Noces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampyres_(film)=Ossessione carnale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendigo_(film)=Wendigo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatal_Beauty=Fatal Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Breakdown=Spring Breakdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_a_Fire_(film)=Catch a Fire (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Enchanted_(film)=Ella Enchanted - Il magico mondo di Ella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjo_the_Woodpile_Cat=Banjo il gattino ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Patrol_(1934_film)=La pattuglia sperduta (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partie_de_campagne=Una gita in campagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_Women=Missione in Manciuria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbania_(film)=Urbania (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_in_the_Night=Testimone oculare (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_'Em_Flying=Razzi volanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_and_Costello_Meet_the_Killer,_Boris_Karloff=Gianni e Pinotto e l'assassino misterioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digby,_the_Biggest_Dog_in_the_World=Tobia il cane più grande che ci sia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_(1932_film)=Sherlock Holmes (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Lee:_The_Man,_The_Myth=Bruce Lee Supercampione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Rita_(1942_film)=Rio Rita (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opal_Dream=Opal Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Brooklyn_Bridge=Oltre il ponte di Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladybird,_Ladybird_(film)=Ladybird Ladybird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Cobain:_About_a_Son=Kurt Cobain: About a Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streets_Is_Watching_(film)=Streets Is Watching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppet_Master_II=Puppet Master II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppet_Master_III:_Toulon's_Revenge=Puppet Master III: Toulon's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppet_Master_4=Il ritorno dei giocattoli assassini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppet_Master_5:_The_Final_Chapter=Giocattoli assassini - Scontro finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curse_of_the_Puppet_Master=Curse of the Puppet Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retro_Puppet_Master=Retro Puppet Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppet_Master:_The_Legacy=Puppet Master: The Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardon_My_Sarong=Gli eroi dell'isola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Done_It%3F_(1942_film)=Gianni e Pinotto detectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalk_of_the_Celery_Monster=Stalk of the Celery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_of_Doctor_Agor=The Island of Doctor Agor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_Before_Her_Eyes=Davanti agli occhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synecdoche,_New_York=Synecdoche, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Divorce_(1927_film)=I figli del divorzio (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_Breakfast=Sex & Breakfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacknife=Jacknife - Jack il coltello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_Film_About_Killing=Breve film sull'uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chase_(1966_film)=La caccia (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_Day_Camp=Il campeggio dei papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Came_Back=Quelli che ritornano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_End_(film)=La ragazza del bagno pubblico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wide_Sargasso_Sea_(1993_film)=Fiamme di passione (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maradona_by_Kusturica=Maradona di Kusturica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Food_of_the_Gods_(film)=Il cibo degli dei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Love_Has_Gone_(film)=Quando l'amore se n'è andato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_Dragon=La prima missione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolat_(1988_film)=Chocolat (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Without_End=Estasi (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clubland_(2007_film)=Il matrimonio è un affare di famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_(1961_film)=Lola - Donna di vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_Cool_(film)=Keep Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kiss_(1914_film)=The Kiss (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watusi_(film)=Vatussi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Think_I_Love_My_Wife=Manuale d'infedeltà per uomini sposati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Home_of_Our_Own=Una casa tutta per noi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Ticket_to_Hawaii=Agguato alle Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Players=Il principe degli attori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimen_Ferpecto=Crimen perfecto - Finché morte non li separi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoking/No_Smoking=Smoking/No Smoking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trick_or_Treat_(1986_film)=Morte a 33 giri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Submarine_Attack=La grande speranza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mala_Noche=Mala Noche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Blind_Bargain=A Blind Bargain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speakeasy_(1929_film)=Rivincita (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deliver_Us_from_Evil_(2006_film)=Deliver Us from Evil (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mudlark=Un monello alla corte d'Inghilterra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_Racer=The Mad Racer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contamination_(film)=Contamination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fried_Green_Tomatoes=Pomodori verdi fritti alla fermata del treno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Tall_(2004_film)=A testa alta (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Murders_(film)=Oxford Murders - Teorema di un delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Millionaire=The Young Millionaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Battle_of_Wits_(1912_film)=A Battle of Wits (film 1912)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_for_a_Girl_(1912_film)=All for a Girl (film 1912)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Business_Buccaneer=A Business Buccaneer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sawmill_Hazard=A Sawmill Hazard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Desperate_Chance=A Desperate Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Model_Shop_(film)=L'amante perduta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_to_Watch_Over_Me_(film)=Chi protegge il testimone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Hymn_(film)=Inno di battaglia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Acquaintance=L'amica (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Wife's_Child=His Wife's Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_and_Famous_(1981_film)=Ricche e famose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Grant_Takes_Richmond=Segretaria tutto fare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Floor_Above=The Floor Above
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home,_Sweet_Home_(1914_film)=Amore di madre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Me_Blood_Red=Color Me Blood Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nun_(2005_film)=The Nun (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Boxer=Beautiful Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Of_Gods_and_Men=Star Trek: Of Gods and Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallelujah,_I'm_a_Bum_(film)=Hallelujah I'm a Bum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary,_That's_for_Remembrance=Rosemary, That's for Remembrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amateur_Detective=The Amateur Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Movie=Sweet Movie - Dolce film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball_and_Bloomers=Baseball and Bloomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Delicate_Balance_(film)=Un equilibrio delicato (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolfman_(2010_film)=Wolfman (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Put_Yourself_in_His_Place=Put Yourself in His Place (film 1912)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Floyd_(film)=Aurora Floyd (film 1912)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_Beauty_Institute=Sciampiste & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelly_and_Mr._Arnaud=Nelly e Mr. Arnaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oath_of_Tsuru_San=The Oath of Tsuru San
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evidence_of_the_Film=The Evidence of the Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dossier_51=Dossier 51
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbit=Norbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Christian_(film)=Le incredibili avventure del signor Grand col complesso del miliardo e il pallino della truffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changing_Husbands=Changing Husbands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Killer_(film)=The Lady Killer (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_All_Loved_Each_Other_So_Much=C'eravamo tanto amati (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Turn_of_the_Cards=A Turn of the Cards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunchback_(1914_film)=The Hunchback (film 1914 Cabanne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_&_Chocolate_(film)=Blood and chocolate - La caccia al licantropo è aperta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cameo_of_the_Yellowstone=Cameo of Yellowstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Vampire=Il ritorno del vampiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Candlelight=In the Candlelight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Enough_to_Be_Her_Grandpa=Old Enough to Be Her Grandpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redbird_Wins=Redbird Wins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Galahad_of_Twilight=Sir Galahad of Twilight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffet_froid=Buffet freddo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Open=In the Open (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy's_Rival=Billy's Rival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mark_of_the_Wolfman=Le notti di Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break,_Break,_Break_(film)=Break, Break, Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Monstruos_del_Terror=Operazione terrore (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasmin_(2004_film)=Yasmin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slipstream_(2007_film)=Slipstream - Nella mente oscura di H.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_and_Dirty_(film)=Brutti, sporchi e cattivi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Who_Cried_Werewolf_(1973_film)=Mai con la luna piena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_the_Werewolf=Legend of the Werewolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werewolf_Woman=La lupa mannara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarfies=Scarfies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Faith_in_Humanity=His Faith in Humanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature's_Touch=Nature's Touch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man's_Way=A Man's Way (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Does_It_End_Right%3F=Does It End Right? (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witches_(1966_film)=Creatura del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destricted=Destricted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_Beautiful=The Legend Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Seats_at_the_Opera=Two Seats at the Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur's_Desperate_Resolve=Arthur's Desperate Resolve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Brother=The Little Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decoy_(1916_film)=The Decoy (film 1916 Garwood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Magdalene_of_the_Hills=A Magdalene of the Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driven_by_Fate=Driven by Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waxwork_(film)=Waxwork - Benvenuti al museo delle cere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wives_and_Other_Wives=Wives and Other Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_of_Horrors=Il circo degli orrori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quartet_(1948_film)=Passioni (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Two_Can_Play=Sesso, peccato e castità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_10th_Victim=La decima vittima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Tease=The Big Tease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wounded_Man_(film)=L'uomo ferito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Love_(film)=Boys Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restless_Wives=Restless Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BloodRayne_2:_Deliverance=BloodRayne 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_a_Harem=Sperduti nell'harem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Hearts=Cuori nel deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Came_Home=...e la vita continua (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CJ7=CJ7 - Creatura extraterrestre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Drops_on_Burning_Rocks=Gocce d'acqua su pietre roventi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_of_India_(film)=Il conquistatore dell'India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_Dirty=I sette senza gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ash_Wednesday_(2002_film)=Ash Wednesday (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calamity_Anne's_Inheritance=Calamity Anne's Inheritance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calamity_Anne's_Vanity=Calamity Anne's Vanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spione=L'inafferrabile (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alraune,_die_Henkerstochter,_genannt_die_rote_Hanne=Alraune, die Henkerstochter, genannt die rote Hanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caliber_9=Milano calibro 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_Carriage=Il carretto fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bank_Story=West Bank Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Widow_(1987_film)=La vedova nera (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deck_the_Halls_(2006_film)=Conciati per le feste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_(1921_film)=La vita è un sogno (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Moon_(1975_film)=Luna nera (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Love_for_Johnnie=Eri tu l'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calamity_Anne's_Beauty=Calamity Anne's Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greater_Love=The Greater Love (film 1913 Dwan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Days_(1929_film)=Giorni felici (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crucified_Lovers=Gli amanti crocifissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_George_Do_It!=Lascia fare a Giorgio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boot_Camp_(film)=Boot Camp (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Richard_and_the_Crusaders=Riccardo Cuor di Leone (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cal_(1984_film)=Cal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rendition_(film)=Rendition - Detenzione illegale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail_the_Woman=Contro corrente (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman's_Honor=Woman's Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_in_the_Wilderness=Truth in the Wilderness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Flag=For the Flag (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_There's_Life=While There's Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Crown=For the Crown (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Rent_Boys=101 Rent Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy-Long-Legs_(1919_film)=Papà Gambalunga (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellie_Parker=Ellie Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Blade=Kakushi ken oni no tsume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tale_of_Cinema=Geukjangjeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_Is_the_Future_of_Man=Yeojaneun namja-ui miraeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loves_of_Hercules=Gli amori di Ercole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calamity_Anne,_Heroine=Calamity Anne, Heroine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Karenina_(1948_film)=Anna Karenina (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Covered_Wagon=I pionieri (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_and_the_Deadly_Necklace=Sherlock Holmes - La valle del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flirt_and_the_Bandit=The Flirt and the Bandit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Carter's_Campaign=Mrs. Carter's Campaign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_and_the_Greaser=The Girl and the Greaser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_the_Ticker=The Tale of the Ticker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War,_Inc.=War, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waxwork_II:_Lost_in_Time=Waxwork 2 - Bentornati al museo delle cere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heller_in_Pink_Tights=Il diavolo in calzoncini rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Breath_of_Scandal=Olympia (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Than_a_Miracle=C'era una volta (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride,_Vaquero!=Cavalca vaquero!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_La_Mancha_(film)=L'uomo della Mancha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Maja=La maja desnuda (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Mission=Agente federale X3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_in_a_Forest_Fire=Trapped in a Forest Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goal_III:_Taking_on_the_World=Goal III: Taking on the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Steel_Helmet=Corea in fiamme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_News_(2004_film)=Breaking News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_by_Hanging=L'impiccagione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bucket_List=Non è mai troppo tardi (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_and_the_Beauty=Yasu-wa minyeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Scary_Girl=Dal-kom, sal-beol-han yeon-in
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Again_(1961_film)=Le piace Brahms?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Younger_Sister=Her Younger Sister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destinies_Fulfilled=Destinies Fulfilled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Potter's_Wheel=At the Potter's Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundown:_The_Vampire_in_Retreat=Tramonto (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Memories=Sweet Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skull=Il teschio maledetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_and_the_Mockingbird=Le Roi et l'Oiseau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_Over_Citizen_Kane=The Battle Over Citizen Kane - La sfida che segnò la storia del cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_Home:_The_Adventures_of_Yellow_Dog=Lontano da casa (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Only_Game_in_Town_(film)=L'unico gioco in città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Blowout_at_Santa_Banana=A Blowout at Santa Banana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tusk_(1980_film)=Tusk (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Bubbles=L'errore di vivere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Dragons=L'ombra del dragone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_and_Dust_(film)=Calore e polvere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saved_by_the_Bell:_Wedding_in_Las_Vegas=Bayside School - Matrimonio a Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Island_(1929_film)=L'isola misteriosa (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Call_of_the_Traumerei=The Call of the Traumerei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Certainty_of_Man=The Certainty of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gray's_Estate=David Gray's Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katzelmacher=Il fabbricante di gattini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calamity_Anne's_Love_Affair=Calamity Anne's Love Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Footprints_of_Mozart=In the Footprints of Mozart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mein_Lieber_Katrina=Mein Lieber Katrina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mein_Lieber_Katrina_Catches_a_Convict=Mein Lieber Katrina Catches a Convict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butterfly_(1914_film)=The Butterfly (film 1914 Ricketts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Impulse=The Final Impulse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciao,_Professore!=Io speriamo che me la cavo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison_(film)=Poison (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blotto_(film)=La sbornia (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Grace_and_Chuck=La protesta del silenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayerling_(1936_film)=Mayerling (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Littlest_Rebel=La piccola ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Aankhen_Barah_Haath=Due occhi e dodici mani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alraune_(1928_film)=La mandragora (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alraune_(1930_film)=Alraune la figlia del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alraune_(1952_film)=La mandragora (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scenes_from_the_Class_Struggle_in_Beverly_Hills=Scene di lotta di classe a Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_the_Cat:_The_Movie=Felix the Cat: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Slice_of_Life_(1914_film)=A Slice of Life (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Archeologist=The Archeologist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beggar_Child=The Beggar Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_a_Woman_Waits=When a Woman Waits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Died_a_Thousand_Times=Tutto finì alle sei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrashin'_(film)=Thrashin' - Corsa al massacro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reincarnation_(film)=Rinne (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_of_Love=The Edge of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Bird_Marked_with_Black=Belaja ptica s čërnoj otmetinoj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Charming_Girl=Yeoja, Jeong-hye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firelight_(1964_film)=Firelight (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Digger=The Night Digger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_of_Evidence_(1993_film)=Body of Evidence (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refining_Fires=Refining Fires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wily_Chaperon=The Wily Chaperon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_Flame=Heart of Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Touch_of_Love_(1915_film)=A Touch of Love (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wife_Wanted_(1915_film)=Wife Wanted (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diamond_from_the_Sky=The Diamond from the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Resolve=The Resolve (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sketches_of_Frank_Gehry=Frank Gehry - Creatore di sogni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incendiary_Blonde=Bionda incendiaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_True_Story_of_Frank_Zappa's_200_Motels=The True Story of Frank Zappa's 200 Motels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Santa_Vittoria=Il segreto di Santa Vittoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fingers_(1978_film)=Rapsodia per un killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Little_Rich_Girl:_The_Barbara_Hutton_Story=Una povera ragazza ricca - La storia di Barbara Hutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_8_Stories=Super 8 Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Painted_Veil_(2006_film)=Il velo dipinto (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_of_Allah_(1936_film)=Il giardino di Allah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_Argentine_Way=Notti argentine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coney_Island_(1943_film)=L'isola delle sirene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rains_of_Ranchipur=Le piogge di Ranchipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P2_(film)=-2 - Livello del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vault_of_Horror_(film)=The Vault of Horror (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Madwoman_of_Chaillot_(film)=La pazza di Chaillot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_in_His_Arms=Il mondo nelle mie braccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Feathers_(2002_film)=Le quattro piume (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Big!=La bugia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_(1985_film)=Police (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxidermia=Taxidermia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Road_to_China=Avventurieri ai confini del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heavy_(film)=The Heavy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_September=Torna a settembre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Is_Forever=Conta solo l'avvenire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_of_Straw=La donna di paglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorilla_at_Large=Gorilla in fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mud_and_Sand=Mud and Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robe_(film)=La tunica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_the_Champions:_Final_Live_in_Japan=We Are the Champions: Final Live in Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frog_Dreaming=Il mistero del lago scuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_America:_Letters_Home_from_Vietnam=Dear America - Lettere dal Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reluctant_Debutante_(film)=Come sposare una figlia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Craving_(1916_film)=The Craving (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_the_Best_3:_No_Turning_Back=Lotta estrema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(1975_film)=10 secondi per fuggire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Postman_(film)=L'uomo del giorno dopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_Called_Golda=Una donna di nome Golda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asterix_Conquers_America=Asterix conquista l'America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odessa_File_(film)=Dossier Odessa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Limits=Collisione zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Things=Il potere dei sensi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weak_and_the_Wicked=Penitenziario braccio femminile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Babu_(film)=Raja Babu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Linda_Linda=Linda Linda Linda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boom!_(film)=La scogliera dei desideri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_in_Connecticut=Il sergente e la signora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Midway_(film)=La battaglia delle Midway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kismet_(1944_film)=Kismet (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thumbsucker_(film)=Thumbsucker - Il succhiapollice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Brighter_Summer_Day=A Brighter Summer Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_with_Green_Hair=Il ragazzo dai capelli verdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawnmower_Man_2:_Beyond_Cyberspace=Il tagliaerbe 2 - The Cyberspace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Talks_(1929_film)=The Ghost Talks (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godspell_(film)=Godspell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Die_Young=L'età della violenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Khottabych=Starik Chottabyč
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Mermaid=La ninfa degli antipodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Variety_(1925_film)=Varieté
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_What's_Happened_to_Rosemary's_Baby=Guardate cosa è successo al figlio di Rosemary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_of_Mind=Passion of Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil_at_War=Brazil at War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidnapped_(1960_film)=Il ragazzo rapito (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Ehrlich's_Magic_Bullet=Un uomo contro la morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_(film_series)=Harry Potter (serie di film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Lives_and_Only_One_Death=Tre vite e una sola morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Miles_to_Midnight=Il coltello nella piaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aftermath_(1994_film)=Aftermath (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_Oldfield's_Race_for_a_Life=Barney Oldfield's Race for a Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asterix_and_Cleopatra_(film)=Asterix e Cleopatra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promise_Me_This=Promettilo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leprechaun:_Back_2_tha_Hood=Leprechaun 6 - Ritorno nel ghetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_the_Dark=L'uomo nell'ombra (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Dragon_(film)=Double Dragon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Without_a_Map=Los Angeles senza meta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_Christ_Superstar_(film)=Jesus Christ Superstar (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Anesthesia=Senza anestesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strength_of_Donald_McKenzie=The Strength of Donald McKenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail_Caesar_(1994_film)=Hail Caesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_Seed_(1956_film)=Il giglio nero (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corridors_of_Blood=Prima dell'anestesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Man_into_Space=Il primo uomo nello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You,_the_Living=You, the Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_from_a_Killer=Letters from a Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Half-Breed's_Way=The Half-Breed's Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Belle_of_Bar-Z_Ranch=The Belle of Bar-Z Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_House_(1913_film)=The Haunted House (film 1913 Johnston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Proof_of_the_Man=The Proof of the Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Running_Man_(1987_film)=L'implacabile (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_in_Ruins=Le mie grosse grasse vacanze greche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thief_(1997_film)=Il ladro (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bianca_(1913_film)=Bianca (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boiling_Point_(1990_film)=Boiling Point - I nuovi gangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundays_and_Cybele=L'uomo senza passato (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Uninvited_(1944_film)=La casa sulla scogliera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_World_of_El_Superbeasto=The Haunted World of El Superbeasto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raging_Moon=La luna arrabbiata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironweed_(film)=Ironweed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Horizon=Blind Horizon - Attacco al potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nun's_Story_(film)=La storia di una monaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonely_Passion_of_Judith_Hearne=La segreta passione di Judith Hearne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Madonna=A Little Madonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Claus=Fred Claus - Un fratello sotto l'albero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimo_mondo_cannibale=Ultimo mondo cannibale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Crossbow_(film)=Operazione Crossbow (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Next=You're Next (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wes_Craven's_Chiller=Sonno di ghiaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tiger's_Tail=The Tiger's Tail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Beautiful_Wife=La moglie più bella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrestling_Ernest_Hemingway=Ricordando Hemingway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Always_Fair_Weather=È sempre bel tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saw_IV=Saw IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_the_Flies_(1963_film)=Il signore delle mosche (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Clark=Les Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_(2003_film)=Carmen (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Peace_of_Bear_Valley=For the Peace of Bear Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calamity_Anne's_Dream=Calamity Anne's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Midnight=At Midnight (film 1913 Johnston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Born=American Born (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Son_of_Thomas_Gray=The Son of Thomas Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Western_Hearts=True Western Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Story_of_Little_Italy=A Story of Little Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coming_of_the_Padres=The Coming of the Padres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steal_(film)=Riders - Amici per la morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_Plan_(film)=Cambio di gioco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Dangerous_Game_(film)=Pericolosa partita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparrow_of_the_Circus=Sparrow of the Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feast_and_Famine=Feast and Famine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansquito=MosquitoMan - Una nuova razza di predatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charisma_(film)=Charisma (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Summers_Die=Quando l'estate muore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_(1959_film)=Vento di tempesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anniversary_(1968_film)=L'anniversario (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deception_(1946_film)=Il prezzo dell'inganno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laugh,_Clown,_Laugh=Ridi pagliaccio (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Gatsby_(1974_film)=Il grande Gatsby (film 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Wednesday=Tutti i mercoledì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_Dreams,_Will_Travel=Have Dreams, Will Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_and_Sheba=Salomone e la regina di Saba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Prey=Fritt vilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comebacks=Il peggior allenatore del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Front_Page_(1974_film)=Prima pagina (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Ordres=Les ordres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Gatsby_(1926_film)=The Great Gatsby (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Gatsby_(1949_film)=Il grande Gatsby (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unbearable_Lightness_of_Being_(film)=L'insostenibile leggerezza dell'essere (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Versus_Love=Business Versus Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unseen_Vengeance=The Unseen Vengeance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Librarian:_Return_to_King_Solomon's_Mines=The Librarian 2 - Ritorno alle miniere di Re Salomone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Writers=Freedom Writers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Beauty_(1994_film)=Black Beauty (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flywheel_(film)=Flywheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_Cowgirls_Get_the_Blues_(film)=Cowgirl - Il nuovo sesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star!_(film)=Un giorno... di prima mattina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Q,_Son_of_Zorro=Don X, figlio di Zorro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Suite_(film)=California Suite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ice_Storm_(film)=Tempesta di ghiaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suddenly,_Last_Summer_(film)=Improvvisamente l'estate scorsa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Noises=Piccoli rumori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Golden_Rainbow=A Golden Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_McKenzie_Break=Uomini e filo spinato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Out_Loud=Kiss (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighter_Squadron=Falchi in picchiata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Soffel=Fuga d'inverno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triloquist=Triloquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_of_the_Wilds=The Law of the Wilds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiloh_(film)=Shiloh, un cucciolo per amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Day's_Journey_into_Night_(1962_film)=Il lungo viaggio verso la notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asterix_in_Britain_(film)=Asterix e la pozione magica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Chef_in_Love=A Chef in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Adventure=Gli avventurieri di Plymouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Re-Animated=Jimmy fuori di testa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Temptation_of_Christ_(film)=L'ultima tentazione di Cristo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Such_a_Gorgeous_Kid_Like_Me=Mica scema la ragazza!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nun_and_the_Devil=Le monache di Sant'Arcangelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becket_(1964_film)=Becket e il suo re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Dave=Piacere Dave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Firecracker=Regina senza corona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner_of_Zenda_(1979_film)=Il prigioniero di Zenda (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkman_III:_Die_Darkman_Die=Darkman III - Darkman morirai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_with_Laughing_Windows=La casa dalle finestre che ridono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimic_2=Mimic 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyborg_3:_The_Recycler=Cyborg 3: The Recycler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Jekyll_and_Mr._Hyde_(1912_film)=Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (film 1912)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Midnight_Meat_Train=Prossima fermata: l'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_for_Dancing=A Time for Dancing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy's_Law_(film)=La legge di Murphy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_to_Terabithia_(1985_film)=Bridge to Terabithia (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_to_Terabithia_(2007_film)=Un ponte per Terabithia (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unna_ja_Nuuk=Unna & Nuuk e il tamburo miracoloso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_in_Winter_(1968_film)=Il leone d'inverno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Pyckle_and_Mr._Pryde=Dr. Pyckle and Mr. Pryde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Jekyll_and_Mr._Hyde_(1908_film)=Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (film 1908 Turner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_in_Winter_(2003_film)=The Lion in Winter - Nel regno del crimine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schramm_(film)=Schramm (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Me_Claus=Chiamatemi Babbo Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_the_Flies_(1990_film)=Il signore delle mosche (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svengali_(1931_film)=Svengali (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Widowmaker=Un assassino con me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_People=Smart People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invasion_(film)=Invasion (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Jekyll_and_Mr._Hyde_(1920_Haydon_film)=Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (film 1920 Haydon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Jekyll_and_Mr._Hyde_(1913_film)=Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (film 1913 Brenon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Catered_Affair=Pranzo di nozze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Favorite_Martian_(film)=Martin il marziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jackals=6 pallottole per 6 carogne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shwaas=Shwaas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_Movie=Epic Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coast_to_Coast_(1980_film)=Un camion in salotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Time_for_Nuts=Una ghianda è per sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories_of_Matsuko=Memories of Matsuko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Early_Morning=Come Early Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Flight_(1931_film)=The Last Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitman_(2007_film)=Hitman - L'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babysitter_Wanted=Babysitter Wanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixty_Six_(film)=Sixty Six
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mackintosh_Man=L'agente speciale Mackintosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fracture_(2007_film)=Il caso Thomas Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keane_(film)=Keane (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switchblade_Sisters=Switchblade Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Miss_(film)=Noi e... la gonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hoose-Gow=Lavori forzati (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Guns=Ciao amici!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunting_Party_(2007_film)=The Hunting Party (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxie_Hart_(film)=Condannatemi se vi riesce!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Much,_Too_Soon=Furia d'amare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Sentences=The Two Sentences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Empty_Hearts_Are_Filled=When Empty Hearts Are Filled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toolbox_Murders=Lo squartatore di Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_Scorned_(1915_film)=A Woman Scorned (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Question=The Great Question
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buzzard's_Shadow=The Buzzard's Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_and_the_Loch_Ness_Monster=Scooby-Doo e il mostro di Loch Ness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Island=L'isola nuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughing_Gravy=Non c'è niente da ridere (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fixer_Uppers=Gelosia (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Below_Zero_(1930_film)=Sotto zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hog_Wild_(1930_film)=Un marito servizievole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Clean_(film)=Un salvataggio pericoloso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Old_Port!=Pugno di ferro (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Their_First_Mistake=Un'idea geniale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tree_in_a_Test_Tube=L'albero in provetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pick_a_Star=Scegliete una stella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crusade_in_Jeans_(film)=Dolf e la crociata dei bambini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Love_and_War_(1996_film)=Amare per sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Work_(1933_film)=Alchimia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_True_Glory=La vera gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Cold_Day_in_the_Park=Quel freddo giorno nel parco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloha,_Scooby-Doo!=Aloha, Scooby-Doo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_Brothers_(film)=Fratellastri a 40 anni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semi-Pro=Semi-Pro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_the_Door=The Other Side of the Door (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hamiltons=The Hamiltons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Ride_(film)=Dark Ride (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casper's_Scare_School=Casper - Scuola di paura (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belarmino=Belarmino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zangezur_(film)=Zangezur (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angel_Wore_Red=La sposa bella (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decameron_(1971_film)=Il Decameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ploughman's_Lunch=L'ambizione di James Penfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Raiders=Gold Raiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desire_(1936_film)=Desiderio (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jigsaw_(1949_film)=Jigsaw (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Earrings=Passione di zingara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Roumagnac=Turbine d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_the_Boys=La nave della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_Who_Killed_Me=Il nome del mio assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowhere_to_Hide_(1999_film)=Nowhere to Hide (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(1999_film)=Resurrection (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielle_Steel's_Star=Un amore per sempre (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_or_Die_(film)=La bandera - Marcia o muori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amphibian_Man_(film)=L'uomo anfibio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Liar_(film)=Billy il bugiardo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_My_Pal_(1933_film)=Il regalo di nozze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_the_Eighth=Annuncio matrimoniale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Bye-Bye!=Andando a spasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Live_Ghost=Il fantasma stregato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Apache,_The_Bronx=Bronx 41º distretto di polizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legionnaire_(film)=The Legionary - Fuga all'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xtro_II:_The_Second_Encounter=Il ritorno dell'alieno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Road_(film)=Red Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bah,_Humduck!_A_Looney_Tunes_Christmas=Canto di Natale - Il film natalizio dei Looney Tunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_My_Parents_Went_on_Vacation=L'anno in cui i miei genitori andarono in vacanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walls_of_Malapaga=Le mura di Malapaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Browning_Version_(1951_film)=Addio Mr. Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abandoned_(2006_film)=The Abandoned (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Girls_and_a_Guy=Two Girls and a Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blonde_Venus=Venere bionda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curious_Case_of_Benjamin_Button_(film)=Il curioso caso di Benjamin Button (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laaga_Chunari_Mein_Daag=La verità negli occhi (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Case_Closed:_The_Last_Wizard_of_the_Century=Detective Conan - L'ultimo mago del secolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Graves=Open Graves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Ain't_Hay=It Ain't Hay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Society=Gianni e Pinotto in società
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youth's_Endearing_Charm=Youth's Endearing Charm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Human_Bondage_(1934_film)=Schiavo d'amore (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Ballot_(film)=Il voto è segreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_White:_A_Tale_of_Terror=Biancaneve nella foresta nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Rhapsody=Promesse e compromessi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Investigation_of_a_Citizen_Above_Suspicion=Indagine su un cittadino al di sopra di ogni sospetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prize_(1963_film)=Intrigo a Stoccolma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilda_Crane=Paura d'amare (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_of_the_Finzi-Continis_(film)=Il giardino dei Finzi Contini (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogues_of_Sherwood_Forest=Viva Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Case_Closed:_Captured_in_Her_Eyes=Detective Conan - Solo nei suoi occhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_at_Bittercreek=Terrore a Bittercreek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dishonored_(film)=Disonorata (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_(1937_film)=Angelo (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Respiro=Respiro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._M._Pulham,_Esq.=Il molto onorevole Mr. Pulham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Boy_Girl_Thing=Boygirl - Questione di... sesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_(1936_film)=Margherita Gauthier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_(1915_film)=Camille (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitcher_(2007_film)=The Hitcher (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Out_Your_Handkerchiefs=Preparate i fazzoletti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lesson_in_Love=Una lezione d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unconquered=Unconquered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tin_Drum_(film)=Il tamburo di latta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_(1917_film)=Camille (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_(1926_feature_film)=La signora dalle camelie (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_2000=Camille 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakht=Rakht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia_(2008_film)=Australia (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begin_the_Beguine_(film)=Volver a empezar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Shot_at_Glory=Sfida per la vittoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_More,_with_Feeling!=Ancora una volta con sentimento (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happened_to_Jane=Attenti alle vedove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herakles_(film)=Ercole (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Resemblances=Aria di famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indian_Runner=Lupo solitario (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exte=Exte: Hair Extensions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Come_the_Co-Eds=Gianni e Pinotto fra le educande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'night,_Mother_(film)=Una finestra nella notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Thumb_(film)=Le meravigliose avventure di Pollicino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_and_Costello_in_Hollywood=Gianni e Pinotto a Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Giant=Il piccolo gigante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_of_Their_Lives=Se ci sei batti due colpi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribute_(1980_film)=Tribute - Serata d'onore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter-No-Tail_(1981_film)=Peter senza coda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Name_on_the_Bullet=La pallottola senza nome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_(miniseries)=Il matrimonio di Shelby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Privates_Come_Home=Addio all'esercito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorro_Rides_Again=La maschera di Zorro (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wistful_Widow_of_Wagon_Gap=La vedova pericolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Possession_of_Joel_Delaney=Possession (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Noose_Hangs_High=Gianni e Pinotto contro i gangsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Way_Home_(1997_film)=The Long Way Home (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya_Lin:_A_Strong_Clear_Vision=Maya Lin: A Strong Clear Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ape_Man=L'uomo scimmia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Movies_(film)=Home Movies - Vizietti familiari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barefoot_in_the_Park_(film)=A piedi nudi nel parco (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_a_Promise:_The_Children_of_Stanton_Elementary_School=I Am a Promise: The Children of Stanton Elementary School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexican_Hayride=Corrida messicana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Shadow_of_the_Stars=In the Shadow of the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulips_(film)=Tulips (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Trail_of_Igor_Rizzi=Sur la trace d'Igor Rizzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh_(1942_film)=La febbre dell'oro nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naruto_Shippuden_the_Movie=Naruto Shippuden - L'esercito fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hana_(film)=Hana yori mo naho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruthless_(film)=Il dominatore di Wall Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleep_with_Me=Il tuo amico nel mio letto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Sunset_(film)=L'occhio caldo del cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Ladka_Ek_Ladki=Ek Ladka Ek Ladki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Karenina_(1935_film)=Anna Karenina (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_State_of_Things_(film)=Lo stato delle cose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Items_or_Less_(film)=10 cose di noi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Girl_(serial)=La figlia della jungla (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artie_Shaw:_Time_Is_All_You've_Got=Artie Shaw: Time Is All You've Got
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_Lieutenant_(film)=Flight Leutenant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_Fatboy_Run=Run Fatboy Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Are_the_DeBolts%3F_And_Where_Did_They_Get_Nineteen_Kids%3F=Who Are the DeBolts? And Where Did They Get Nineteen Kids?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_(1987_film)=Hero (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_American_Cowboy=Il cowboy del grande rodeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_January_(1924_film)=Capitan Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_January_(1936_film)=Capitan Gennaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_and_Costello_in_the_Foreign_Legion=Gianni e Pinotto alla legione straniera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Dr._Wassell=La storia del dottor Wassell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guide_for_the_Married_Man=Una guida per l'uomo sposato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimes_at_the_Dark_House=Lo strangolatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegades_(1989_film)=Faccia di rame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriage_Circle=Matrimonio in quattro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Tracy_(serial)=Dick Tracy (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Shark_(film)=Le tigri del Pacifico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lured=Lo sparviero di Londra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_According_to_Garp_(film)=Il mondo secondo Garp (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_of_Hope_(film)=Viaggio della speranza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Nothing=Big Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinjuku_Triad_Society=Shinjuku Triad Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Doctors_in_Love=L'ospedale più pazzo del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainy_Dog=Rainy Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comin'_Round_the_Mountain=Comin' Round the Mountain (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Smart_(film)=Agente Smart - Casino totale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Touch_of_Venus_(film)=Il bacio di Venere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_Wore_Boots=Non c'è due... senza tre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zyzzyx_Road=Zyzzyx Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Internecine_Project=Progetto micidiale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_Alaska=Gianni e Pinotto al Polo Nord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Himiko=Mezon do Himiko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taffin=Taffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunhed_(film)=Gunhed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1._April_2000=1º aprile 2000!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter-No-Tail_in_Americat=Pelle Svanslös i Amerikatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bread_and_Chocolate=Pane e cioccolata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_of_the_Sun=I re del sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudagar_(1991_film)=Saudagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Now_Tomorrow=Il grande silenzio (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_in_the_Navy_Now=Il comandante Johnny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Sex=Love & Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_and_Costello_Meet_the_Keystone_Kops=Abbott and Costello Meet the Keystone Kops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alphabet_Murders=Poirot e il caso Amanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_in_Cages=Rivelazioni di un'evasa da un carcere femminile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flame_and_the_Flesh=La fiamma e la carne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forced_Vengeance=Vendetta a Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forget_Paris=Forget Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Away_All_Boats=Scialuppe a mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D-Day_the_Sixth_of_June=Operazione Normandia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_Open_Road=È fuggita una stella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaumilch_Canal=Te'alat Blaumilch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_and_the_Canary_(1979_film)=Il gatto e il canarino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tugboat_Annie=Cuori in burrasca (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Goes_to_Rio=Nancy va a Rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Seas_(film)=Sui mari della Cina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juno_and_the_Paycock_(film)=Giunone e il pavone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libel_(film)=Il diavolo nello specchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_(film)=Mississippi (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_Wars=Amore in sciopero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_Cop=Senza scampo (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_into_Self_(1968_film)=Journey Into Self
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eleanor_Roosevelt_Story=The Eleanor Roosevelt Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Frost:_A_Lover's_Quarrel_with_the_World=Robert Frost: A Lover's Quarrel with the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Fox:_The_Rise_and_Fall_of_Adolf_Hitler=Black Fox: The Rise and Fall of Adolf Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Above_and_Mud_Beneath=Le ciel et la boue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serengeti_Shall_Not_Die=Serengeti non morirà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Schweitzer_(film)=Albert Schweitzer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Keller_in_Her_Story=Helen Keller in Her Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lions_for_Lambs=Leoni per agnelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Au_rendez-vous_de_la_mort_joyeuse=Au rendez-vous de la mort joyeuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Door_(1974_film)=Chi sei?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golem_and_the_Dancing_Girl=Der Golem und die Tänzerin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_in_the_Wind_(film)=Dust in the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Eagle=La notte delle streghe (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Claudius_(film)=Io, Claudio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Days_(2001_film)=Canicola (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navajeros=Navajeros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killers_from_Space=Guerra tra i pianeti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Side_Story_(2006_film)=East Side Story (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Flubber=Professore a tuttogas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_After_Reading=Burn After Reading - A prova di spia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sweet_Little_Village=Il mio piccolo villaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlene_(1984_film)=Marlene (film 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Pilot=Un tipo lunatico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Painted_Veil_(1934_film)=Il velo dipinto (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colic:_The_Movie=Colic: dek hen pee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agua_(film)=Agua (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Young_to_Die%3F=Vite dannate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Tom_Thumb_and_Thumbelina=Le avventure di Pollicino e Pollicina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O._Henry's_Full_House=La giostra umana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terkel_in_Trouble=Terkel in Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retribution_(2006_film)=Castigo (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balls_of_Fury=Balls of Fury - Palle in gioco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stomp_the_Yard=Stepping - Dalla strada al palcoscenico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_and_God=Peccatrici folli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two-Faced_Woman=Non tradirmi con me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eating_Out_2:_Sloppy_Seconds=Eating Out 2: Sloppy Seconds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Christie_(1930_English-language_film)=Anna Christie (film 1930 Brown)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Christie_(1923_film)=Anna Christie (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_with_Me,_Henry=Gianni e Pinotto banditi col botto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aida_(1953_film)=Aida (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_30_Foot_Bride_of_Candy_Rock=The 30 Foot Bride of Candy Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokoda_Front_Line!=Kokoda Front Line!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aap_Mujhe_Achche_Lagne_Lage=Aap Mujhe Achche Lagne Lage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_at_4_O'Clock=Il diavolo alle 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_You_Desire_Me_(film)=Come tu mi vuoi (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monkey's_Mask=La maschera di scimmia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaos_(2000_film)=Chaos (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_Without_a_Santa_Claus_(2006_film)=Un anno senza Babbo Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_and_Generals_(film)=Gods and Generals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Went_Down=I dilettanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Corelli's_Mandolin_(film)=Il mandolino del capitano Corelli (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_People_(film)=Beautiful People (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asterix_&_Obelix:_Mission_Cleopatra=Asterix & Obelix - Missione Cleopatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Prey=La preda nuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Attic_(2007_film)=The Attic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invitation_to_the_Dance_(film)=Trittico d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Boys=The Golden Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Days_(1991_film)=100 Days (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoner_of_the_Mountains=Il prigioniero del Caucaso (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apna_Sapna_Money_Money=Apna Sapna Money Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamma_Mia!_(film)=Mamma Mia! (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Did_I_Get_Married%3F=Why Did I Get Married?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_America_(serial)=Captain America (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mist_(film)=The Mist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_War=Future War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fuller_Brush_Girl=Accidenti che ragazza!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_(2007_film)=Cash (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prison_(1949_film)=La prigione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manon_70=Manon 70
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happened_One_Christmas=It Happened One Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Monday_in_October_(film)=Una notte con vostro onore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barber_of_Siberia=Il barbiere di Siberia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man's_Bluff=Žmurki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_vs_Shark=Eagle vs Shark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaagaz_Ke_Phool=Fiori di carta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Nights=Notti selvagge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vice_and_Virtue=Il vizio e la virtù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gesualdo:_Death_for_Five_Voices=Gesualdo - Morte per cinque voci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Armed_Boxer=Con una mano ti rompo con due piedi ti spezzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_with_Scot=Breakfast with Scot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Annunciation_(film)=Angyali üdvözlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_Like_Us=Il mio uomo è un selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Carol_(1997_film)=Canto di Natale (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East/West=Est-ovest - Amore-libertà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogeyman_2=Boogeyman 2 - Il ritorno dell'uomo nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barocco=Barocco (film 1976)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_Tan_(film)=Black and Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chal_Mere_Bhai=Chal Mere Bhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonieta=Antonieta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Station_for_Two=Vokzal dlja dvoich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Season_(2006_film)=Boog & Elliot - A caccia di amici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amateurs=La banda del porno - Dilettanti allo sbaraglio!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinocchio_(2002_film)=Pinocchio (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Served_the_King_of_England_(film)=Ho servito il re d'Inghilterra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Shot_Jesse_James=Ho ucciso Jess il bandito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_Finds_a_Son!=Il figlio di Tarzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_to_Leo=Tout contre Léo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_vieux_fusil=Frau Marlene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightning_Bug_(film)=Lightning Bug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfinished_Business_(1985_American_film)=Unfinished Business (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brotherhood_II=L'undicesimo comandamento (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brotherhood_III=Brotherhood III - Giovani demoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_(2005_film)=Mary (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Substitute=L'ora della violenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sucker_Free_City=Sucker Free City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_(film)=Atlantic (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woyzeck_(1979_film)=Woyzeck (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_(2008_film)=Parigi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beefcake_(film)=Beefcake (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_(2002_film)=Carrie (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Sin=Il settimo peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_of_Fury=Black Thunder - Sfida ad alta quota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altered_(film)=Altered - Paura dallo spazio profondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cheerful_Gang_Turns_the_Earth=Yoki na gyangu ga chikyu o mawasu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_Sesame_Oil_Maker=La donna del lago delle anime profumate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_War_II:_Betrayal=L'arte della guerra 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lair_of_the_White_Worm_(film)=La tana del serpente bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pu-239_(film)=Plutonio 239 - Pericolo invisibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Mimzy=Mimzy - Il segreto dell'universo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Before_Christmas_(1951_film)=La notte prima di Natale (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aan:_Men_at_Work=Aan: Men at Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Few_Days_in_September=Alcuni giorni in settembre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nun_(1966_film)=Suzanne Simonin, la religiosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_and_Lyrics=Scrivimi una canzone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Shorty_(film)=Get Shorty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Country_Girl_(1915_film)=The Country Girl (film 1915 Sullivan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Search_for_John_Gissing=The Search for John Gissing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_Vida_Loca=Mi vida loca (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reincarnation_of_Peter_Proud=Il misterioso caso Peter Proud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Rules=Brooklyn Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_Force_(film)=Attack Force - La morte negli occhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty-Four_Eyes=Ventiquattro occhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poltergay=Poltergay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Brown:_All-American=Jim Brown: All-American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visitors_II:_The_Corridors_of_Time=I visitatori 2 - Ritorno al passato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Night=Calde notti d'estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Cast_Away_and_the_Island_Girls=Miss Cast Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Thoughts=L'ombra del testimone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_and_Sand_(1941_film)=Sangue e arena (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Volcano_(film)=Sotto il vulcano (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namastey_London=Sposerò mia moglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdman_of_Alcatraz_(film)=L'uomo di Alcatraz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Hot_to_Handle_(1960_film)=Londra a mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Corleone_to_Brooklyn=Da Corleone a Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Proof=Grindhouse - A prova di morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Terror=Grindhouse - Planet Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syndicate_Sadists=Il giustiziere sfida la città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confession_of_Pain=Confession of Pain - L'ombra del passato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_(film)=Alexandra (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yacoubian_Building_(film)=The Yacoubian Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atlantis_Interceptors=I predatori di Atlantide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimes_of_the_Heart_(film)=Crimini del cuore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_&_Paul=Adam & Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Horror_High=La scuola degli orrori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Purple_Heart=Prigionieri di Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lizard_in_a_Woman's_Skin=Una lucertola con la pelle di donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serving_in_Silence:_The_Margarethe_Cammermeyer_Story=Costretta al silenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_Night=Karnaval'naja noč'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_of_the_Opera_(1998_film)=Il fantasma dell'Opera (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Kitchen_(1998_film)=Hell's Kitchen - Le strade dell'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Do_(2006_film)=Prestami la tua mano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greek_Tycoon=Il magnate greco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Is_Killing_the_Great_Chefs_of_Europe%3F=Qualcuno sta uccidendo i più grandi cuochi d'Europa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripper_(film)=Ripper - Lettera dall'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Violent_People=I violenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calamari_Union=Calamari Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_and_Punishment_(1983_film)=Crime and Punishment - Delitto e castigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Well_(1951_film)=La bambina nel pozzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Ideal_Husband_(1947_film)=Un marito ideale (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_the_Last=Leone l'ultimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_and_the_Maiden_(film)=La morte e la fanciulla (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fire_Within=Fuoco fatuo (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Smiles=La casa del sorriso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Unseen_Enemy=An Unseen Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Girl=The Dead Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horse's_Mouth_(film)=La bocca della verità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_of_Dinosaurs=Il pianeta dei dinosauri (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventh_Heaven_(1937_film)=Settimo cielo (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seat_Filler=The Seat Filler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_in_Heart=4 in paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_Not=Sarangtta-winpir-yo-eobs-eo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lawless_Nineties=La banda dei razziatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virasat_(1997_film)=Virasat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Cyborg,_But_That's_OK=Sono un cyborg, ma va bene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazinger_Z_vs._The_Great_General_of_Darkness=Mazinga Z contro il Generale Nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garage_Days=Garage Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Mills=I mulini della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Metal_Yakuza=Full Metal Yakuza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Touch_of_Satan=L'ossessa - I raccapriccianti delitti di Monroe Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beethoven's_5th_(film)=Beethoven 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Struck_(1958_film)=Fascino del palcoscenico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Station_Zebra=Base artica Zebra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_Up_in_Reno=Amici di... letti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoshi_o_Katta_Hi=Hoshi o katta hi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Britain=La battaglia d'Inghilterra (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon's_Movie_Madness=National Lampoon's Movie Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangtse_Incident:_The_Story_of_H.M.S._Amethyst=Fuoco sullo Yangtse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thief_of_Paris=Il ladro di Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiddler_on_the_Roof_(film)=Il violinista sul tetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Pain_and_the_Whole_Damn_Thing=Amore, dolore e allegria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Love_(1990_film)=I ragazzi degli anni '50
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry:_The_Fast_and_the_Furry=Tom & Jerry: Fast & Furry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardcaptor_Sakura_Movie_2:_The_Sealed_Card=Gekijōban Cardcaptor Sakura: Fūin sareta card
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Dracula_(1977_film)=Count Dracula (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leprechaun_2=Leprechaun 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Kidd=Joe Kidd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Lag_(film)=Jet Lag (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama_Don't_Cry=Mama, ne gorjuj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Widow_of_Saint-Pierre=L'amore che non muore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flapper=Gli zaffiri di Kim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Devil=Il piccolo diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_(1931_Spanish-language_film)=Drácula (film 1931 Melford)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quo_Vadis%3F_(miniseries)=Quo vadis? (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauvais_Sang=Rosso sangue (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happy_Time=Tempo felice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Confession_(1970_film)=La confessione (film 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Siege=L'Amerikano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X-Files:_I_Want_to_Believe=X-Files - Voglio crederci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confidential_Agent=L'agente confidenziale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atomic_Kid=Atomicofollia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Made_Me_a_Criminal=Hanno fatto di me un criminale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larks_on_a_String=Allodole sul filo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhowani_Junction_(film)=Sangue misto (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disengagement_(film)=Disimpegno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi_Diddle_Diddle=Hi Diddle Diddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_on_a_Scandal_(film)=Diario di uno scandalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_You_(1992_film)=Weekend senza il morto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Theme=Tema (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wiz_(film)=I'm Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stammheim_(film)=Stammheim - Il caso Baader-Meinhof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Man=Il prossimo uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Wild_(1961_film)=Momento selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alambrado=Alambrado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Country's_Wings=Alas de mi patria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_and_the_Stranger=La signora e lo straniero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetherby_(film)=Il mistero di Wetherby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_Kitty_(film)=Minouche la gatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakhm=Zakhm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Informant_(1997_film)=The Informant (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Cross_(film)=La settima croce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Triple_Echo=Triplo eco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_(1995_film)=Fantasmi (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hook,_Line_&_Sinker_(1969_film)=Jerryssimo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Hour=Last Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_Racer_(film)=Speed Racer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cohen_and_Tate=Le strade della paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Julie_(1951_film)=La notte del piacere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_a_la_Mod=Murder à la Mod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitzwilly=Ladri sprint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mush_and_Milk=Abbasso la pappa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Half_Acre_(1954_film)=La casbah di Honolulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britannic_(film)=Britannic (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_and_Son=Dracula padre e figlio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onionhead=È sbarcato un marinaio (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Lenox_(Her_Fall_and_Rise)=Cortigiana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Survivors_(1983_film)=Come ti ammazzo un killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Execution_of_Mary_Stuart=The Execution of Mary, Queen of Scots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Nights_(1942_film)=Le mille e una notte (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freak_(film)=Freak (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Island_(1990_film)=L'isola del tesoro (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascendancy_(film)=Ascendancy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_In-Laws_(2003_film)=Matrimonio impossibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowboxing_(2005_film)=Boj s ten'ju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tap_(film)=Tap - Sulle strade di Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palermo_or_Wolfsburg=Palermo o Wolfsburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Exciting_Night=Notte agitata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_and_the_Canary_(1939_film)=Il fantasma di mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alphabet_Killer=The Alphabet Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dirty_Carnival=A Dirty Carnival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_I'll_Tell_One=Now I'll Tell One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Game_(1993_film)=Occhi di serpente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Kitchen_(1939_film)=Acciaio umano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaolin_vs._Evil_Dead=Shaolin contro i mostri diabolici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Chance_(1953_film)=Duello sulla Sierra Madre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metamorphosis:_The_Alien_Factor=Metamorphosis: The Alien Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Wrong_Trek=Sulla strada sbagliata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_(film)=Il giovane Mussolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ant_Bully_(film)=Ant Bully - Una vita da formica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please,_Not_Now!=A briglia sciolta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_&_Me_2:_The_Royal_Wedding=Un principe tutto mio 2 - Un matrimonio da favola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twelve_Months_(1956_film)=I dodici mesi (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Railrodder=Il ferroviere (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Daily_Bread_(1934_film)=Nostro pane quotidiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_(1994_film)=Zamok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikoku=Kikoku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nines=The Nines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behold_a_Pale_Horse_(film)=...e venne il giorno della vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Crusoe_(1954_film)=Le avventure di Robinson Crusoe (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rails_&_Ties=Rails & Ties - Rotaie e legami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OSS_117:_Cairo,_Nest_of_Spies=OSS 117: Le Caire, nid d'espions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RocketMan=Come ho conquistato Marte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Letter_(1999_film)=La lettera d'amore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Maids_All_in_a_Row=...E dopo le uccido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Case_Closed:_The_Time_Bombed_Skyscraper=Detective Conan - Fino alla fine del tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snow_Queen_(1957_film)=La regina delle nevi (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Loose_(1931_film)=On the Loose (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taare_Zameen_Par=Stelle sulla terra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Buratino_(1959_film)=Le avventure di Pinocchio (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_in_White_(1934_film)=Uomini in bianco (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marigold_(2007_film)=Marigold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_(1979_film)=David (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Because_I_Said_So_(film)=Perché te lo dice mamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premonition_(2007_film)=Premonition (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Alley=Oceano rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vengeance_of_Fu_Manchu=La vendetta di Fu Manchu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Picture_of_Dorian_Gray_(1945_film)=Il ritratto di Dorian Gray (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowery_at_Midnight=A mezzanotte corre il terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shipping_News_(film)=The Shipping News - Ombre dal profondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rendez-vous_(1985_film)=Rendez-vous (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Matrimony_(1943_film)=Marito a sorpresa (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Huey_P._Newton_Story=A Huey P. Newton Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_the_Cities=Alice nelle città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_of_the_Road=Nel corso del tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Innocent_(1993_film)=The Innocent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_II:_Ascension=Dracula II: Ascension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shogun's_Samurai=The Yagyu Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Actress=L'attrice (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_III:_Legacy=Dracula III - Il testamento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Town_(1945_film)=The Town (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrong_Move=Falso movimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Wind_Blows_(1986_film)=Quando soffia il vento (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Laughs_(1928_film)=L'uomo che ride (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adoption_(film)=Adozione (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Without_Women_(film)=Il sottomarino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Reckless_(1930_film)=Temerario nato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_K_&_A_Train_Robbery=The Great K & A Train Robbery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Night,_Nurse!=Buonanotte, infermiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Stage_(1919_film)=Retroscena (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Private_Affair=Vita privata (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mame_(film)=Mame (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Case_39=Case 39
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Father_Like_Son_(1987_film)=Tale padre tale figlio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_Parrot_(film)=The Chinese Parrot (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Invisible_Children=All the Invisible Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Kapahala:_Back_on_Board=Johnny Kapahala - Cavalcando l'onda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_for_Texas=I 4 del Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sands_of_the_Kalahari=Le sabbie del Kalahari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Mary=Dead Mary - Weekend maledetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Conchos_(film)=Rio Conchos (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_the_World_(1961_film)=Il padrone del mondo (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy's_Progress=Ma il tuo funziona... o no?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_of_Washington_Square=La rosa di Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Solomon's_Mines_(1937_film)=King Solomon's Mines (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempest_(1982_film)=La tempesta (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amalia_(1914_film)=Amalia (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazons_(1986_film)=Amazons (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fudoh:_The_New_Generation=Fudoh: The New Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girlfriend_(film)=La amiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undefeatable=Undefeatable - Furia invincibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlett_(miniseries)=Rossella (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_(serial)=Batman (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Ya_Miss=Mr Ya Miss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Works_(film)=Opere giovanili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frequently_Asked_Questions_About_Time_Travel=Frequently Asked Questions About Time Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Confession_(1999_film)=The Confession (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Saw_Him_Die%3F=Anghingò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Because_of_Winn-Dixie_(film)=Il mio amico a quattro zampe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman:_Doomsday=Superman: Doomsday - Il giorno del giudizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargate:_The_Ark_of_Truth=Stargate: L'arca della verità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargate:_Continuum=Stargate: Continuum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twister_(1989_film)=Twister (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximum_Overdrive=Brivido (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Underneath_(film)=Torbide ossessioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_with_a_Suitcase=La ragazza con la valigia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_(1970_film)=Kureopatora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anni_Ribelli=Anni ribelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Page_Turner=La voltapagine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scudda_Hoo!_Scudda_Hay!=Scudda Hoo! Scudda Hay!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Love_of_Ivy=Un uomo per Ivy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu_Dunk=Shaolin Basket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stolen_Jools=I gioielli rubati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_Came_C.O.D.=Sposa contro assegno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Male_Animal=L'uomo questo dominatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Wolf_(1941_film)=Il lupo dei mari (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virginian_(1914_film)=The Virginian (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virginian_(1946_film)=Il virginiano (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Dog_(film)=Year of the Dog (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walking_Dead_(1936_film)=L'ombra che cammina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapaev_(film)=Ciapaiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Hearts=Open Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_K.=Hanna K.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dry_Summer=L'estate arida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cry_in_the_Wild=Grido nella foresta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_and_Soul_(1931_film)=Anima e corpo (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Around_the_Corner=Dietro l'angolo (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_(2006_film)=Isabella (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_4th_Floor_(1999_film)=Il mistero del quarto piano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manpower_(1941_film)=Fulminati (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklahoma!_(1955_film)=Oklahoma! (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Me_Kate_(film)=Baciami Kate!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gunfight=Quattro tocchi di campana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_She_Beast=Il lago di Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Flyers=Il vincitore (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_Hospital_(film)=Ospedale di contea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priest_of_Love=Priest of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa_Addio=Africa addio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applause_(1929_film)=Applause (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WALL-E=WALL•E
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_and_Roses=Il sangue e la rosa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Across_the_River=Texas oltre il fiume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawman_(film)=Io sono la legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Got_the_Action%3F=Come ingannare mio marito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Her,_She's_Mine=Prendila è mia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Undefeated_(1969_film)=I due invincibili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Week-End_at_the_Waldorf=Grand hotel Astoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_&_Theo=Vincent & Theo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunted_(1995_film)=In trappola (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delicious_(film)=La piccola emigrante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Jerusalem_(film)=O' Jerusalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakedown_(1988_film)=Un poliziotto in blue jeans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_to_Eden=Urga - Territorio d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_State_(film)=La costa del sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbarosa=Barbarosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Snake_(film)=Carne cruda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montenegro_(film)=Montenegro tango o perle e porci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_of_Destiny=Il grande odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukiyaki_Western_Django=Sukiyaki Western Django
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bang_Love,_Juvenile_A=Big Bang Love, Juvenile A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Midnight_I'll_Take_Your_Soul=A mezzanotte possiederò la tua anima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Scarred=Sun Scarred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabu_(film)=Sabu (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_or_Alive:_Final=Dead or Alive: Final
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_or_Alive_2:_Birds=Dead or Alive 2: Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awakening_of_the_Beast=O Ritual dos Sádicos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shutter_(2008_film)=Ombre dal passato (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_West_(1925_film)=Io e la vacca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boss_of_It_All=Il grande capo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Expectations_(1998_film)=Paradiso perduto (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartacus_(miniseries)=Spartaco - Il gladiatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aa_Gale_Lag_Jaa_(1973_film)=Aa Gale Lag Jaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Dugan_Returns=Per fortuna c'è un ladro in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrek_the_Halls=Shrekkati per le feste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Bears_Love=Bomnar-ui gom-eul joh-ahase-yo?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brain_from_Planet_Arous=The Brain from Planet Arous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drum_(1938_film)=Il principe Azim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_Shrugged:_Part_I=Atlas Shrugged: Part I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auzaar=Auzaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Lazarillo_de_Tormes=Lazarillo de Tormes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Cousins_(film)=I cugini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Masks=Il re delle maschere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderstruck_(2004_film)=Thunderstruck (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souls_at_Sea=Anime sul mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/44_Minutes:_The_North_Hollywood_Shoot-Out=44 Minutes: The North Hollywood Shoot-Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waitress_(film)=Waitress - Ricette d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bliss_(1985_film)=Bliss (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Life_(1985_film)=Vita di famiglia (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Nanas=Les Nanas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Ratten=I topi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Designing_Woman=La donna del destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Dog_(1995_film)=Il cane e il poliziotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpio_(film)=Scorpio (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taste_of_Tea=The Taste of Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Lakhan=Ram Lakhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Danish_Poet=The Danish Poet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_on_a_Wire=Il mondo sul filo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assignment_(1997_film)=The Assignment - L'incarico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Summer_of_Happiness=Ha ballato una sola estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Cold_(1991_film)=Forza d'urto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible_Stripes=Strisce invisibili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_All_the_Guys_in_the_World=S.O.S. Lutezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_Galahad_(1937_film)=L'uomo di bronzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pedestrian_(film)=Il pedone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iraq_in_Fragments=Iraq in Fragments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Round-Up_(1920_film)=The Round-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lies_My_Father_Told_Me=Lies My Father Told Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_Across_the_Bay=L'isola degli uomini perduti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Couldn't_Take_It=Il domatore di donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/15_Maiden_Lane=L'ultima partita (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spawn_of_the_North=Il falco del nord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Father=The Good Father - Amore e rabbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Ace=L'amore può aspettare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_and_Me_(1938_film)=You and Me (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldie_(film)=Goldie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_the_Damned=La regina dei dannati (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Cage_aux_Folles_(film)=Il vizietto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seduction_of_Joe_Tynan=La seduzione del potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolf_Man_(1924_film)=La belva (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordertown_(1935_film)=Il selvaggio (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hush_Money=Hush Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Pencils_(film)=La notte delle matite spezzate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_to_the_Sun=Ponte verso il sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiller_Memorandum=Quiller Memorandum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_(1918_film)=Mickey (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casanova_Brown=Le tre donne di Casanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_Woman=La donna del miracolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmy_Days=Il re dei chiromanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carousel_(film)=Carousel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_with_Guns=Angeli armati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_Bride_(film)=Il prezzo della vita (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_Buddy=Buddy Buddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babes_in_Arms_(film)=Piccoli attori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonwyck_(film)=Il castello di Dragonwyck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandma's_Reading_Glass=Grandma's Reading Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Seen_Through_a_Telescope=As Seen Through a Telescope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Woodcock=Mr. Woodcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Smoking_(2007_film)=No Smoking...!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mission_(1999_film)=The Mission (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_the_Affair_(1955_film)=La fine dell'avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accidental_Tourist_(film)=Turista per caso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_All_Flags=Contro tutte le bandiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Pacific=Agguato ai tropici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taming_of_the_Shrew_(1967_film)=La bisbetica domata (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_of_Light=Il sole della mela cotogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Chance=Destino cieco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleaner_(film)=Cleaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_That_Girl_(1987_film)=Who's That Girl (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pervert!=Pervert!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny's_Video=Benny's Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dibu_3=Dibu 3 - La grande avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seachd:_The_Inaccessible_Pinnacle=Seachd: The Inaccessible Pinnacle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shockproof=Fiori nel fango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Dirty_Little_War=Piccola sporca guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ley_Lines_(film)=Ley Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin:_Symphony_of_a_Metropolis=Berlino - Sinfonia di una grande città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Girl_(1987_film)=China Girl (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_Mule_Team=Giuramento di sangue (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cattle_Queen_of_Montana=La regina del Far West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_President's_Lady=Schiava e signora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untamed_(1955_film)=Carovana verso il Sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Secret_Affair=Sì, signor generale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_Obsessed=Ossessione di donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lusty_Men=Il temerario (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_in_the_Sun=Lampi nel sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farinelli_(film)=Farinelli - Voce regina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Madness=La follia della metropoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathing_Beauty=Bellezze al bagno (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McQ=È una sporca faccenda, tenente Parker!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Nite_in_Mongkok=One Nite in Mongkok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funeral_in_Berlin_(film)=Funerale a Berlino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lady's_Morals=Jenny Lind (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Hutch=Il tesoro del fiume (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slave_Ship_(1937_film)=Il mercante di schiavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Up_and_Fight=Stand Up and Fight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can_Get_It_for_You_Wholesale_(film)=La conquistatrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rawhide_(1951_film)=L'uomo dell'est
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'd_Climb_the_Highest_Mountain=La collina della felicità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Moment=Gli amanti di Venezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigskin_Parade=Pigskin Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Is_Gone=Grace Is Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_(film)=Once (Una volta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Afloat=La tigre del mare (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Date_with_Judy_(film)=Così sono le donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Jack_(film)=Jack il bucaniere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinatown_Nights_(1929_film)=Chinatown Nights (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Losers_(film)=The Losers (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawking_(2004_film)=Hawking (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Balloon_(film)=The Black Balloon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Double_McGuffin=Doppio intrigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possessed_(1931_film)=L'amante (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flame_of_Life=La fiamma della vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_England=This Is England (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thundering_Herd_(1925_film)=La valanga selvaggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Murder!=It's Murder!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felidae_(film)=Felidae (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manda_Bala_(Send_a_Bullet)=Manda Bala - Pallottole a domicilio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nob_Hill_(film)=La barriera d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padre_nuestro_(2005_film)=Padre nuestro (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_of_the_Red_Witch=La strega rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movie_Movie=Il boxeur e la ballerina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_You_(1994_film)=Only You - Amore a prima vista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_(1927_film)=Tuo per sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Moment_(1921_film)=Sangue di zingara (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cricket_(film)=La cicala (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_on_the_Bus=L'inquieta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malicious_(1973_film)=Malizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon's_Our_Home=Nel mondo della luna (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_of_Value=Qualcosa che vale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sicilian_(film)=Il siciliano (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divine_Nymph=Divina creatura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band_of_Angels=La banda degli angeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Backwoods=The Backwoods - Prigionieri nel bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Brothers_Were_Valiant=I fratelli senza paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Journey=L'avventura impossibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Pursuit=L'ostaggio (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentleman_Jim_(film)=Il sentiero della gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocaine_Wars=Cocaine Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Mask:_The_Rise_of_Leslie_Vernon=Behind the Mask - Vita di un serial killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graveyard_of_Honor_(1975_film)=La tomba dell'onore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graveyard_of_Honor_(2002_film)=Graveyard of Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servants'_Entrance=Chiaro di luna (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revolt_of_Mamie_Stover_(film)=Femmina ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicle_of_an_Escape=Cronaca di una fuga - Buenos Aires 1977
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison,_the_Man=Il romanzo di una vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Nightmare=La terrificante notte del demonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Them_(2006_film)=Them - Loro sono là fuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_She_Move=Al ritmo del ballo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_Comes_Up=Primavera di sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Loves_Has_Nancy=Three Loves Has Nancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_(1934_film)=Joanna (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Town_Girl_(1936_film)=La provinciale (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tiger_Makes_Out=The Tiger Makes Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lassie_(1994_film)=Lassie (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_Hard:_The_Dewey_Cox_Story=Walk Hard - La storia di Dewey Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Devils=I quattro diavoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgetting_Sarah_Marshall=Non mi scaricare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pineapple_Express_(film)=Strafumati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_vs._Frankenstein=Dracula contro Frankenstein (film 1971)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commediasexi=Commediasexi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_Don_Juan=Le avventure di Don Giovanni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temptress=La tentatrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrath_of_God=La collera di Dio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_(2001_film)=Family (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Cross_(1966_film)=Agli ordini del Führer e al servizio di Sua Maestà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner_of_Zenda_(1937_film)=Il prigioniero di Zenda (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner_of_Zenda_(1952_film)=Il prigioniero di Zenda (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horsemen_(1971_film)=Cavalieri selvaggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhool_Bhulaiyaa=Bhool Bhulaiyaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bashu,_the_Little_Stranger=Bashu, il piccolo straniero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Traveler_(1974_film)=Il viaggiatore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homework_(1989_film)=Compiti a casa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_Shift_(film)=Swing Shift - Tempo di swing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angst_(1983_film)=Angst (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hustler_(film)=Lo spaccone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_(2003_film)=Five (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Africa=ABC Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_of_Learning=La gaia scienza (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tickets_(film)=Tickets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_(2002_film)=Dieci (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_a_Light_(film)=Shine a Light (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamchatka_(film)=Kamchatka (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yo-Yo_Girl_Cop=Yo-Yo Girl Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_Softly,_Stranger=Ormai ti amo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_the_Devil_Knows_You're_Dead=Onora il padre e la madre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_and_Sunday_Morning_(film)=Sabato sera, domenica mattina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Taste_of_Honey_(film)=Sapore di miele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashik_Kerib_(film)=Asik Kerib - Storia di un ashug innamorato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_of_Zanzibar_(1928_film)=La serpe di Zanzibar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kiss_Before_the_Mirror=Il bacio davanti allo specchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagon_Wheels_(film)=Il canto del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighting_Caravans=L'ultima carovana (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cowboy_and_the_Lady_(1911_film)=The Cowboy and the Lady (film 1911)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrenalin:_Fear_the_Rush=Adrenalina (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Outlaw:_Rekka=Deadly Outlaw: Rekka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agitator_(film)=Agitator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_Lost_Souls=The City of Lost Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Thugs:_Innocent_Blood=Young Thugs: Innocent Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Thugs:_Nostalgia=Young Thugs: Nostalgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_Harp_(film)=Blues Harp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guys_from_Paradise=The Guys from Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rave_Un2_the_Year_2000=Rave Un2 the Year 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Communion_(1989_film)=Communion (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail_the_Judge=Gau ban ji ma goon: Bak min Bau Ching Tin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Girl_(film)=Ragazza selvaggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_the_Last_Dance_2=Save the Last Dance 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatter's_Castle_(film)=Il castello del cappellaio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_the_Spy_(film)=Harriet, la spia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assam_Garden=Il giardino indiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prudence_and_the_Pill=Prudenza e la pillola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_(1926_short_film)=Camille (film 1926 Barton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Flags_West=Due bandiere all'ovest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Fury=Furia cieca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Wife=La sposa sognata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Afraid_of_Virginia_Woolf%3F_(film)=Chi ha paura di Virginia Woolf? (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ipcress_File_(film)=Ipcress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sassy_Girl_(2008_film)=My Sassy Girl (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Submarine_Patrol=Pattuglia sottomarina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan's_Desert_Mystery=Tarzan contro i mostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Shores_of_Tripoli=Verso le coste di Tripoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Below_(film)=Below (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Edge=Il dubbio (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beloved_Infidel=Adorabile infedele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorority_House_Massacre_II=Sorority House Massacre II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaga_Zombie:_Zona_Mutante=Plaga zombie: Zona mutante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intimate_Stories=Piccole storie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_Musical_3:_Senior_Year=High School Musical 3: Senior Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly-by-Night_(film)=Volo notturno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendly_Enemies=Amichevole rivalità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Untamed_Lady=Capricci di donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviya's_Summer=Hakayitz shel Aviya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanted_(2008_film)=Wanted - Scegli il tuo destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outcast_of_the_Islands=L'avventuriero della Malesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_the_Giant_Killer_(1962_film)=L'ammazzagiganti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_Home_Tonight_(film)=Take Me Home Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidnapping,_Caucasian_Style=Una vergine da rubare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Tsar_Saltan_(1984_film)=Il principe e lo zar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holy_Girl=La niña santa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Vanishes_(1979_film)=Il mistero della signora scomparsa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Minder=El custodio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakura_Wars:_The_Movie=Sakura Wars - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tank_Girl_(film)=Tank Girl (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leatherheads=In amore niente regole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_and_Soda=West and Soda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unlawful_Entry_(film)=Abuso di potere (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parrish_(film)=Vento caldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_the_Fish_Came_Out=Il giorno in cui i pesci uscirono dal mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Marshal_(1939_film)=Gli indomabili (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_on_Sunday=Uomini di domenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monster_and_the_Girl=The Monster and the Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Au_Pair_(film)=Matrimonio per papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six:_The_Mark_Unleashed=Six - La corporazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Old_Oklahoma=Terra nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Snowblood_(film)=Lady Snowblood (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Spangled_Rhythm=Signorine, non guardate i marinai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_on_Ten=10 on Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bread,_Love_and_Dreams=Pane, amore e fantasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloak_and_Dagger_(1946_film)=Maschere e pugnali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_the_River=Up the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Well-Digger's_Daughter_(1940_film)=Patrizia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cass_Timberlane=Il giudice Timberlane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tall_in_the_Saddle=Romanzo del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottom_of_the_Sea=El fondo del mar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loved_One_(film)=Il caro estinto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Piece_Movie:_The_Desert_Princess_and_the_Pirates:_Adventures_in_Alabasta=One Piece - Un'amicizia oltre i confini del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_on_the_Campus=Ricerche diaboliche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Like_Hitchcock%3F=Ti piace Hitchcock?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Trouble=La gatta e la volpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fighting_Kentuckian=Dopo Waterloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Train_Robbers=Quel maledetto colpo al Rio Grande Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cahill_U.S._Marshal=La stella di latta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_Along_the_Way=L'irresistibile Mr. John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Chase=Gli amanti dei 5 mari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Pilot_(film)=Il pilota razzo e la bella siberiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_Uprising=Il primo ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_Him,_Cowboy=Ride Him, Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Phobia=Domabaem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hit_(1984_film)=Vendetta (film 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Requiem_(film)=War Requiem (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battling_Butler=Io e la boxe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon's_Day_(film)=24 ore a Scotland Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_in_July_(film)=Un colpo di fortuna (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Solomon's_Mines_(1950_film)=Le miniere di re Salomone (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_the_Impostor=Thomas l'imposteur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Parts_(1997_film)=Private Parts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solstice_(film)=Solstice (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breach_of_Conduct=Codice violato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_(1972_film)=Le nozze (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Hercules=Le avventure dell'incredibile Ercole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Educating_Rita_(film)=Rita, Rita, Rita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Days_Before_the_Command=Sto dney do prikaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalako_(film)=Shalako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giant_Claw=Il mostro dei cieli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop-Loss_(film)=Stop-Loss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_Walter_Mitty_(1947_film)=Sogni proibiti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riders_of_Destiny=Il cavaliere del destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_on_the_Hill=La campana del convento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seeker_(film)=Il risveglio delle tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Girls_Lost=Three Girls Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prowler_(1981_film)=Rosemary's Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fighting_Lady=La grande combattente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Lucas'_La_Dolce_Vita=Michael Lucas' La Dolce Vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rounders_(1914_film)=Charlot si diverte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justine_(1969_film)=Rapporto a quattro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/964_Pinocchio=964 Pinocchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iceman_Cometh_(1973_film)=The Iceman Cometh (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Love_(1970_film)=Primo amore (film 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buccaneer_(1938_film)=I filibustieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idols_of_the_Radio=Idolos de la radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Shadow_of_the_Raven=Í skugga hrafnsins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lassiter_(film)=Lassiter lo scassinatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/40_Carats_(film)=La signora a 40 carati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Don't_Mess_with_the_Zohan=Zohan - Tutte le donne vengono al pettine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_Island=Pinata - L'isola del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_the_World_Ended=Il mostro del pianeta perduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todas_las_azafatas_van_al_cielo=Todas las azafatas van al cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Intruder_(1962_film)=L'odio esplode a Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Slaughter=Camp Slaughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kite_Runner_(film)=Il cacciatore di aquiloni (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Twist_(film)=Peccato che sia femmina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weather_Is_Good_on_Deribasovskaya,_It_Rains_Again_on_Brighton_Beach=Na Deribasovskoj chorošaja pogoda, Ili na Brajton-Bič opjat' idut doždi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_NT-54=Aėro NT-54
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smurfs_and_the_Magic_Flute=Il flauto a sei Puffi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Rains_in_My_Village=Piove sul mio villaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Jackal_(film)=Il giorno dello sciacallo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvador_Allende_(film)=Salvador Allende (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qeysar_(film)=Gheysar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tujhe_Meri_Kasam=Tujhe Meri Kasam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Marchese_del_Grillo=Il marchese del Grillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimes_of_Passion_(1984_film)=China Blue (film 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Bruges=In Bruges - La coscienza dell'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evening_(film)=Un amore senza tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Nurse_(1931_film)=L'angelo bianco (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sunday_(1977_film)=Black Sunday (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Railway_Children_(1970_film)=Quella fantastica pazza ferrovia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheetah_Girls:_One_World=The Cheetah Girls: One World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danton_(1983_film)=Danton (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_of_the_Kings_(film)=La valle dei re (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_VIII_and_His_Six_Wives=Tutte le donne del re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Water_2:_Adrift=Alla deriva - Adrift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_Strikes_Back=Razgrom Nemeckich vojsk pod Moskvoj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Iron_Mask_(1939_film)=La maschera di ferro (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Iron_Mask_(1977_film)=L'uomo dalla maschera di ferro (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infernal_Cauldron=Il calderone infernale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Omega_Code=Codice Omega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reach_the_Rock=Reach the Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day_in_the_Life_of_Ivan_Denisovich_(film)=Una giornata di Ivan Denisovič (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_in_the_City_(film)=Estate in città (film 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrack=Conrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Games_of_Love_and_Chance=La schivata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hawaiians_(film)=Il re delle isole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Rhythm=Ritmi di Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Haunted_Himself=L'uomo che uccise se stesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Maria!=Viva Maria! (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sealed_Room=The Sealed Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_She_Was_Out=Legittima offesa - While She Was Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_&_Buried=Morti e sepolti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eversmile,_New_Jersey=Fergus O'Connell - Dentista in Patagonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat's-Paw=Zampa di gatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_(1959_film)=Il prezzo del successo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monster_That_Challenged_the_World=Il mostro che sfidò il mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auntie_Mame_(film)=La signora mia zia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mafioso_(film)=Mafioso (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita's_Great_Adventure_into_the_Underworld=Doraemon: Nobita no makai daibōken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Room_(1935_film)=Il mistero della camera nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deep_Blue_Sea_(1955_film)=Profondo come il mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flame_of_Barbary_Coast=Fiamme a San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Degree_of_Murder=Vivi ma non uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_of_the_Eagle=The Shadow of the Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disorderlies=Disorderlies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_You_See_Him,_Now_You_Don't=Spruzza, sparisci e spara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Affair,_or_the_Case_of_the_Missing_Switchboard_Operator=Un affare di cuore (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidewalks_of_New_York_(2001_film)=I marciapiedi di New York (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_Center_of_the_Earth_(2008_theatrical_film)=Viaggio al centro della Terra (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garage_(1920_film)=Il garage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_and_Anabelle=Elvis and Anabelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agneepath_(1990_film)=Agneepath (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stray_Dogs_(2004_film)=Piccoli ladri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_of_Kin_(1989_film)=Vendetta trasversale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asylum_(1972_horror_film)=La morte dietro il cancello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Best_(film)=Un padre in prestito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sickhouse=La casa della peste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cama_Adentro=Live-in Maid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paisan=Paisà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_noche_con_Sabrina_Love=Una notte con Sabrina Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamako_(film)=Bamako (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children_of_Golzow=I bambini di Golzow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buenos_Aires_Vice_Versa=Buenos Aires Vice Versa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_White_(1987_film)=Biancaneve (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_Garage=Garage Olimpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_(1931_film)=Arizona (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Cyclone_(film)=Texas Cyclone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subway_Stories=Subway Stories - Cronache metropolitane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tap_Roots=La quercia dei giganti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Straight_Ahead!=California Straight Ahead!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey's_Gala_Premier=Serata di gala a Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Town_Story=Home Town Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Years=Dangerous Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Young_as_You_Feel=L'affascinante bugiardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fireball=Lo spaccone vagabondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_Cross=Il messicano (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clothes_Make_the_Pirate=Clothes Make the Pirate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_Not_Married!=Matrimoni a sorpresa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Vaillant_(film)=Adrenalina blu - La leggenda di Michel Vaillant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardners=Mezzogiorno di... fifa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Therapy_(film)=Terapia di gruppo (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Happens_to_Me_(1980_film)=Chissà perché... capitano tutte a me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajo_Bandera=Oltre la giustizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Grass_of_Wyoming=I verdi pascoli del Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Laramie_Project_(film)=The Laramie Project (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funes,_a_Great_Love=Funes, un gran amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concorde_Affaire_'79=Concorde Affaire '79
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_Parade_of_1943=Hit Parade of 1943
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Offence=Riflessi in uno specchio scuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reservation_Road=Reservation Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strongest_Man_in_the_World=L'uomo più forte del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Night_in_Varennes=Il mondo nuovo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Was_Cool=Geu nom-eun meos-is-eotda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparsh_(film)=Sparsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Theatre_of_Jean_Renoir=Il teatrino di Jean Renoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Desperados=Non uccidevano mai la domenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convicted_(1950_film)=Condannato!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unknown_(1946_film)=The Unknown (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riding_High_(1950_film)=La gioia della vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Starter_Wife_(miniseries)=The Starter Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Law_(film)=Derecho de familia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzy_(film)=Il mio amore eri tu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Policeman=Basso, moro, scalcagnato e... con i piedi piatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Walk_Home=La lunga strada verso casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Chatterley_(film)=Lady Chatterley (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_and_One_Nights_(1969_film)=Le mille e una notte (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Browning_Version_(1994_film)=I ricordi di Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paper_Chase_(film)=Esami per la vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jettatore=Jettatore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah's_Ark_(1928_film)=L'arca di Noè (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movie_Orgy=The Movie Orgy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Man_and_the_Sea_(1999_film)=Il vecchio e il mare (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riffraff_(1936_film)=Riffraff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Tomb_of_Jesus=La tomba perduta di Gesù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Eagels_(film)=Un solo grande amore (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Illusionist_(2010_film)=L'illusionista (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tarnished_Angels=Il trapezio della vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Bait=The Reef - Amici per le pinne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/None_Shall_Escape=Nessuno sfuggirà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimi_yo_Fundo_no_Kawa_o_Watare=Kimi yo fundo no kawa o watare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cantante=El Cantante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boot_Hill_(film)=La collina degli stivali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Sister_(1992_film)=Tutti conoscono Roberta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romanzo_Criminale=Romanzo criminale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Milky_Way_(1969_film)=La via lattea (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kon-Tiki_(1950_film)=Kon-Tiki (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Love,_Same_Rain=El mismo amor, la misma lluvia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiral_(2007_film)=Spiral (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seducing_Mr._Perfect=Mr. Robin kkosigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Serenade=Tutte pazze per Ken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puss_in_Boots_(1988_film)=Il gatto con gli stivali (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Daley=Stephanie Daley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strangers_(2008_film)=The Strangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_to_Me_(2007_film)=Parla con me (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_on_Pluto_(film)=Breakfast on Pluto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Victory=Desert Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Pimpernel_(1934_film)=La Primula Rossa (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Shots_(film)=Body Shots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Octagon_(film)=The Octagon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Years_in_Tibet_(1997_film)=Sette anni in Tibet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fires_on_the_Plain_(1959_film)=Fuochi nella pianura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calling_Dr._Death=Calling Dr. Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_of_Gore=The Wizard of Gore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Je_t'aime_moi_non_plus_(film)=Je t'aime moi non plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_of_the_Incas=Il segreto degli Incas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repo!_The_Genetic_Opera=Repo! The Genetic Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_of_Catherine_the_Great=La grande Caterina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gilded_Lily_(1935_film)=Il giglio d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saga_of_Gosta_Berling=I cavalieri di Ekebù (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Wish_4:_The_Crackdown=Il giustiziere della notte 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Wish_V:_The_Face_of_Death=Il giustiziere della notte 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty_Pills=Fifty Pills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary's_Baby_(film)=Rosemary's Baby - Nastro rosso a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Man=The Great Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Story_of_Women=Un affare di donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_Flame=Song of the Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gaucho_War=La guerra gaucha (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celos_(film)=Il demone della gelosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Reward_You=L'ultimo dei Montecristo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genuine_(film)=Genuine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabin_Fever_2:_Spring_Fever=Cabin Fever 2 - Il contagio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Deadly_Sin=Delitti inutili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Count_of_Monte_Cristo_(1975_film)=Il conte di Montecristo (film 1975)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alone_in_the_Dark_II_(film)=Alone in the Dark II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_Quest:_A_Cassini_Space_Odyssey=Quantum Quest: A Cassini Space Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_the_Tiger=Tarzan the Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_of_the_Flames=Heroes of the Flames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awful_Dr._Orloff=Il diabolico dottor Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_One_(film)=L'escluso (1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_in_the_Flesh_(1947_film)=Il diavolo in corpo (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grim_Game=Scherzo tragico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q_Planes=Ali che non tornano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chill_Out,_Scooby-Doo!=Stai fresco, Scooby-Doo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Has_Anybody_Seen_My_Gal%3F_(film)=Il capitalista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicle_of_Anna_Magdalena_Bach=Cronaca di Anna Magdalena Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Streets=Savage Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Student_of_Prague_(1913_film)=Lo studente di Praga (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_the_Iguana_(film)=La notte dell'iguana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_and_Nothing_But=La vita e niente altro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boiling_Point_(1993_film)=Limite estremo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_(1983_film)=Carmen Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facundo,_el_tigre_de_los_llanos=L'oro dei barbari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mala_gente=Mala gente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisol_de_hombres=Crisol de hombres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Vice_Is_a_Locked_Room_and_Only_I_Have_the_Key=Il tuo vizio è una stanza chiusa e solo io ne ho la chiave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Angels_(film)=Snow Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christ_Stopped_at_Eboli_(film)=Cristo si è fermato a Eboli (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagli_Appennini_alle_Ande=Dagli Appennini alle Ande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Man_Must_Die=Ucciderò un uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guns_(film)=I fucili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Life_Delivery=Buena Vida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicle_of_a_Boy_Alone=Crónica de un niño solo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Gaucho=Il gaucho (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monday's_Child_(film)=La chica del lunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Anges_Exterminateurs=Gli angeli sterminatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Cars,_One_Night=Two Cars, One Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Dating=Appuntamento al buio (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maid_to_Order=A servizio ereditiera offresi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_und_Aron_(film)=Mosè e Aronne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Judge_and_the_Assassin=Il giudice e l'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_perro=Bombón - El perro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Land_(film)=Happy Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happening_(2008_film)=E venne il giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fighting_Sullivans=La famiglia Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Algiers=La battaglia di Algeri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asphalt_(1929_film)=Asfalto (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_(2002_film)=Vojna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_China=Once Upon a Time in China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Border_Legion_(1918_film)=The Border Legion (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pal_Joey_(film)=Pal Joey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Between_Men_and_Women=Oggi sposi: sentite condoglianze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresno_(miniseries)=Fresno (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Come_in_Peace=Arma non convenzionale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rambling_Rose_(film)=Rosa scompiglio e i suoi amanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Luck=È tutta fortuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Kitty_Bellairs=Sweet Kitty Bellairs (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Hong_Kong_(film)=Made in Hong Kong (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Potato,_Two_Potato=La dura legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Promise_(1979_film)=The Promise (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_(1961_film)=Aprili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_20th_Century=Il mio XX secolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepping_Out_(1991_film)=A scuola di ballo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unnaturals=Contronatura (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalie_Goes_Shopping=Rosalie va a far la spesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_of_Mars=The Wizard of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_Me,_My_Love=Ricordati di me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Kiss_(2001_film)=L'ultimo bacio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Profession_of_Arms_(2001_film)=Il mestiere delle armi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slattery's_Hurricane=Furia dei tropici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/200_Pounds_Beauty=Minyeoneun goero-wo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaufort_(film)=Beaufort (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebus_(film)=Rebus (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tall_Blond_Man_with_One_Black_Shoe=Alto, biondo e... con una scarpa nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Tall_Blond_Man_with_One_Black_Shoe=Il grande biondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Clown_et_ses_chiens=Le Clown et ses chiens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Joven_casada=Il mio primo uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaza_de_Almas=Plaza de almas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_bon_bock=Un bon bock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Macho=El macho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halls_of_Montezuma_(film)=Okinawa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mast_(film)=Mast (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Planet_Mars=Red Planet Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Skies_of_Montana=Duello nella foresta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weight_of_Water_(film)=Il mistero dell'acqua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Gobi=Destinazione Mongolia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sometimes_a_Great_Notion_(film)=Sfida senza paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapado=Rapado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jazz_Singer_(1952_film)=Il cantante di jazz (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_the_High_Ground!=Femmina contesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dust_(2004_film)=Red Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiter!=Garçon!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hound_of_the_Baskervilles_(1978_film)=Il cagnaccio dei Baskervilles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_in_Black=Ritratto in nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Christmas_(film)=Blue Christmas (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Diggers:_The_Secret_of_Bear_Mountain=Un'amicizia pericolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_We_Laughed=Così ridevano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bunker_(1981_film)=Bunker (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bunker_(2001_film)=The Bunker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_You_Were_Dead=Wish You Were Dead (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firehouse_Dog=Il cane pompiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_at_a_Funeral_(2007_film)=Funeral Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacArthur_(film)=MacArthur il generale ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Au_Pair_3:_Adventure_in_Paradise=Vacanza in paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Jim_(serial)=Jungle Jim (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Prize_of_Gold=Oro (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Seiya:_The_Movie=I Cavalieri dello zodiaco - La dea della discordia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_Called_Sada_Abe=Abesada - L'abisso dei sensi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_of_Lies_(film)=Nessuna verità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sublime_(film)=Sublime (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatomy_2=Anatomy 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Killed_in_Ecstasy=Sie tötete in Ekstase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_Came_a_Spider_(film)=Nella morsa del ragno - Along Came a Spider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_(2007_film)=Si j'étais toi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suppose_They_Gave_a_War_and_Nobody_Came=Supponiamo che dichiarino la guerra e nessuno ci vada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_Norway_(film)=Song of Norway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Tango=Tango nudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Love_and_Shadows=D'amore e ombra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosencrantz_&_Guildenstern_Are_Dead_(film)=Rosencrantz e Guildenstern sono morti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_James=Giacomo il bello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Little_Foys=Eravamo sette fratelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Rogers_(serial)=Buck Rogers (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isn't_She_Great=Isn't She Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Chorus_of_Disapproval_(film)=L'opera del seduttore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnosaur_3:_Primal_Species=Carnosaur 3: Primal Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Balls_of_Fire!_(film)=Great Balls of Fire! - Vampate di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jokers=I ribelli di Carnaby Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabeza_de_Vaca_(film)=Cabeza de Vaca (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cursed_(2004_film)=Cursed (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unknown_Pleasures_(film)=Ren xiao yao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corbett_and_Courtney_Before_the_Kinetograph=Corbett and Courtney Before the Kinetograph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_colmena_(film)=L'alveare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brute_Force_(1914_film)=Brute Force (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_Holy_Drinker_(film)=La leggenda del santo bevitore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_and_Jake_Wade=Sfida nella città morta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomsday_Virus=Pandora's Clock - La Terra è in pericolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultime_grida_dalla_savana=Ultime grida dalla savana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akrobatisches_Potpourri=Akrobatisches Potpourri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Road_Trip=In viaggio per il college
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeview_Terrace=La terrazza sul lago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_the_Sky_Exploded=La morte viene dallo spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giant_Behemoth=Il drago degli abissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina:_Friends_Forever=Sabrina - Amiche per sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalanche_Express=Avalanche Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Had_Four_Sons=La famiglia Stoddard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponyo=Ponyo sulla scogliera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dove_(1974_film)=Il ragazzo del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detention_(2003_film)=Detention (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bootmen=Bootmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inn_Where_No_Man_Rests=L'auberge du bon repos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_the_Rubber_Head=L'homme à la tête en caoutchouc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisies_(film)=Le margheritine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_God's_Country_(1919_film)=Il ritorno al paradiso terrestre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_for_Revenge=Tiempo de revancha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Ruin_(1934_film)=The Road to Ruin (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wisdom_of_Crocodiles=Brivido di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle_of_the_Dead_(film)=Il vampiro dell'isola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Command_(1955_film)=Alamo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_(1953_film)=Martin Lutero (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_to_Face_(1952_film)=Uomini senza paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_&_Juliet:_Sealed_with_a_Kiss=Romeo e Giulietta - Amore all'ultima pinna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Aphrodites=Giovani prede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Foxes_of_Harrow=La superba creola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Cover_the_Waterfront=Pescicani - Contrabbando giallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alone_(2007_film)=Alone (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_(1991_film)=Amantes - Amanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reivers_(film)=Boon il saccheggiatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell,_My_Lovely_(1975_film)=Marlowe, il poliziotto privato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_Street_(1927_film)=Via Belgarbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_and_the_White=L'armata a cavallo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrent_(1926_film)=Il torrente (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Boys_(film)=Wonder Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Man_(miniseries)=Ritorno al mondo di Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_(2008_film)=Land Shark - Rischio a Wall Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolutionary_Road_(film)=Revolutionary Road (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome,_or_No_Trespassing=Benvenuti ovvero vietato l'ingresso agli estranei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Hurrah_for_Chivalry=Háoxiá
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_to_Be_a_God_(2013_film)=Trudno byt' bogom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Black_Hill_(film)=Sulla collina nera (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knife_Edge_(film)=Knife Edge - In punta di lama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_to_Know_Your_Rabbit=Conosci il tuo coniglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Dark_Place=In a Dark Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butch_and_Sundance:_The_Early_Days=Il ritorno di Butch Cassidy & Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partition_(2007_film)=Destiny's Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Bundle_of_Them_All=Colpo grosso alla napoletana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_Is_Done=Giustizia è fatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loft_(2005_film)=Loft (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borom_Sarret=Borom Sarret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artists_Under_the_Big_Top:_Perplexed=Artisti sotto la tenda del circo: perplessi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziegfeld_Girl_(film)=Le fanciulle delle follie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picnic_(1996_film)=Picnic (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spite_Marriage=Io... e l'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Babe=The Babe - La leggenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Street_Fighter=Satsujin ken 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Street_Fighter's_Last_Revenge=Gyakushû! Satsujin ken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Street_Fighter=I due che spezzarono il racket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Ibbetson=Sogno di prigioniero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primary_Colors_(film)=I colori della vittoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warrior_(2001_British_film)=The Warrior (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_City_(film)=Lake City (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whoopee!_(film)=Whoopee (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nutcracker_Prince=La favola del principe schiaccianoci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kismet_(1930_film)=Il mendicante di Bagdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No,_No,_Nanette_(1930_film)=No, No, Nanette (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Heaven_(1987_film)=Accadde in Paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttara_(film)=Uttara - I lottatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incendiary_(film)=Senza apparente motivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_to_His_Ears=L'uomo di Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_and_Juliet_(1954_film)=Giulietta e Romeo (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Photographical_Congress_Arrives_in_Lyon=L'arrivo dei fotografi al congresso di Lione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Guys_Wear_Black=Commando Black Tigers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daydream_(1964_film)=Daydream (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bell_Boy=Il fattorino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Mother_(1988_film)=Diritto d'amare (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_Bloom=The Brothers Bloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_the_Sexes_(1959_film)=La battaglia dei sessi (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autour_d'une_cabine=Autour d'une cabine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mountain_of_the_Cannibal_God=La montagna del dio cannibale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cord_(film)=L'ultimo anello della follia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Time_for_Keeps=Ti avrò per sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swan_Princess:_Escape_from_Castle_Mountain=L'incantesimo del lago 2 - Il segreto del castello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bon_Voyage!_(1962_film)=Okay Parigi!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_It_with_Songs=Papà mio!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courage_(1930_film)=Courage (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Kafka's_It's_a_Wonderful_Life=Franz Kafka's It's a Wonderful Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Sailor_Behave=Oh Sailor Behave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Murdered=Geungnakdo sar-insageon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bauerntanz_zweier_Kinder=Italienischer Bauerntanz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undisputed_II:_Last_Man_Standing=Undisputed II: Last Man Standing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Pettigrew_Lives_for_a_Day=Miss Pettigrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vagabond_King_(1930_film)=Se io fossi re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Diary=Cronaca familiare (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_to_the_Filmmaker!=Glory to the Filmmaker!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Date_with_Darkness:_The_Trial_and_Capture_of_Andrew_Luster=A Date with Darkness: The Trial and Capture of Andrew Luster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravan_(1971_film)=Caravan (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hoax=L'imbroglio - The Hoax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bizarre,_Bizarre=Lo strano dramma del dottor Molyneux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxing_Kangaroo_(film)=Das boxende Känguruh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny,_Juno=Jenny, Juno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_as_in_Icarus=I... come Icaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_in_Flanders_(film)=La kermesse eroica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rickshaw_Man=L'uomo del riksciò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counsellor_at_Law=Ritorno alla vita (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_of_the_Brave_(1949_film)=Odio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Boucher=Il tagliagole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trick_'r_Treat=La vendetta di Halloween
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightning_Over_Water=Lampi sull'acqua - Nick's Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheel_of_Time_(film)=Kalachakra, la ruota del tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Doll's_House_(1973_Losey_film)=Casa di bambola (film 1973 Losey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Days_to_Noon=Minaccia atomica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clockmaker=L'orologiaio di Saint-Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Live_in_Peace=Vivere in pace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Generation_(1979_film)=La terza generazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_the_Shooting_Stars=La notte di San Lorenzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Lady=I dominatori di Fort Ralston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_the_Day=Echi di gioventù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Reservations=California Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guest_Wife=Quella che non devi amare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebeard's_Eighth_Wife=L'ottava moglie di Barbablù (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Married_Her_Boss=Voglio essere amata (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Egg_and_I_(film)=Io e l'uovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Heart=In fondo al cuore (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleep,_My_Love=Donne e veleni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arise,_My_Love=Arrivederci in Francia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Planter's_Wife_(1952_film)=Sangue bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three-Cornered_Moon=Three Cornered Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torch_Singer=Torch Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Lies_(film)=The Lady Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_President=The Phantom President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honor_Among_Lovers=Honor Among Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Time_for_Love_(1943_film)=Non c'è tempo per l'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Woman=Il capitano (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_Comes_Home=The Bride Comes Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight_Is_Ours=La principessa Nadia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skylark_(1941_film)=Skylark (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Practically_Yours=Sinceramente tua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maid_of_Salem=La vergine di Salem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Gun_(2002_film)=American Gun (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Frightened_People=Quattro persone spaventate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_(2008_film)=The Eye (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manon_(film)=Manon (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Love_of_Mike=Per l'amore di Mike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander's_Ragtime_Band_(film)=La grande strada bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strike_(1947_film)=Sirena (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutants_(2009_film)=Mutants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilsa,_Harem_Keeper_of_the_Oil_Sheiks=Ilsa la belva del deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Biches_(film)=Les biches - Le cerbiatte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaza_(1939_film)=Zazà (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Get_Harry=Eroi per un amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysterious_Mr._Parkes=Mysterious Mr. Parkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khoon_Bhari_Maang=Khoon Bhari Maang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Match_Factory_Girl=La fiammiferaia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharkwater=Sharkwater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_an_Angel=Un angelo da quattro soldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21_(2008_film)=21 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warlords=The Warlords - La battaglia dei tre guerrieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_(1930_film)=Sunny (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Am_Sklavenmarkt=Am Sklavenmarkt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winged_Creatures_(film)=Winged Creatures - Il giorno del destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_White=Sydney White - Biancaneve al college
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheers_for_Miss_Bishop=Tutta una vita (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gracie_(film)=Il mio sogno più grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Oscar_(film)=Lady Oscar (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_War_(1959_film)=La grande guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_My_Eyes_(film)=Close My Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caramel_(film)=Caramel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caprice_(1967_film)=Caprice - La cenere che scotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry,_the_Beloved_Country_(1951_film)=Piangi mio amato paese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gentle_Woman=Così bella, così dolce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Forgerons=I maniscalchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunting_Hour:_Don't_Think_About_It=R. L. Stine: I racconti del brivido - Non ci pensare!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ramen_Girl=The Ramen Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_Daze=Matrimonio per sbaglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_Is_Born=Venere e il professore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita_and_the_Steel_Troops=Doraemon: Nobita to tetsujin heidan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_One=Mickey One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Well_(1997_film)=Il pozzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeh_Hai_Jalwa=Yeh Hai Jalwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adanggaman=Adanggaman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_(1982_film)=Alice (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Hunt_(1941_film)=Duello mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Mer_(film)=Il mare (Bagno in mare)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Gate_(film)=Golden Gate (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Pie_Presents:_Beta_House=American Pie Presents: Beta House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monster_of_Piedras_Blancas=The Monster of Piedras Blancas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Capture_the_Castle_(film)=Il profumo delle campanule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marathon_Man_(film)=Il maratoneta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Warning_(1951_film)=La setta dei tre K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confusion_of_Genders=La confusion des genres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_Happiness=Aspettando la felicità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_Also_Rises_(2007_film)=The Sun Also Rises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crab_with_the_Golden_Claws_(film)=Le Crabe aux pinces d'or
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Continent_(1989_film)=Il settimo continente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U2_3D=U2 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WarGames:_The_Dead_Code=Wargames 2 - Il codice della paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partie_de_cartes=La partita a carte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/License_to_Wed=Licenza di matrimonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Pool=Piscine - Incontri a Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munster,_Go_Home!=La dolce vita... non piace ai mostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Defying_Acts=Houdini - L'ultimo mago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidi_(1937_film)=Zoccoletti olandesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/71_Fragments_of_a_Chronology_of_Chance=71 frammenti di una cronologia del caso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Silkworms_(film)=Spring Silkworms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Called_Horse_(film)=Un uomo chiamato Cavallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Duty_(1931_film)=Love and Duty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_Center_of_Time=Viaggio al centro del tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valkyrie_(film)=Operazione Valchiria (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Lonely=Mister Lonely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_That_You_Love_Me,_Junie_Moon=Dimmi che mi ami, Junie Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Jones_(film)=Carmen Jones (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intruder_(1993_film)=Intruso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astro_Boy_(film)=Astro Boy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koro_no_Daisanpo=Koro no dai-sanpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snuff_102=Snuff 102
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Stories=Storie d'amore (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Blue=China Blue (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Girls=Mean Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Honour_of_Katharina_Blum_(film)=Il caso Katharina Blum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Feast_2:_All_U_Can_Eat=Blood Feast 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neo_Tokyo_(film)=Manie-Manie - I racconti del labirinto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_(1971_film)=Amore (film 1971)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skokie_(film)=Diritto d'offesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheer_Up_and_Smile=Cheer Up and Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Catherine=E Caterina... regnò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Road=The Big Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_No_Angels_(1989_film)=Non siamo angeli (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juggernaut_(1936_film)=L'idolo del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Deerfield=Un attimo, una vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_to_Do_Before_You're_30=Cose da fare prima dei 30
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Toons=Evil Toons - Non entrate in quella casa...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Shaolin_Masters=Shao Lin wu zu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Riddle=The Magic Riddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Changed_His_Mind=The Man Who Changed His Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.S._I_Love_You_(film)=P.S. I Love You (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London_(1962_film)=La torre di Londra (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comedians_(1967_film)=I commedianti (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_for_Life=Vivere per vivere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sandwich_Man_(1966_film)=Questa pazza, pazza, pazza Londra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaolin_Temple_(1976_film)=I giganti del karaté
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Champions_of_Shaolin=I due campioni dello Shaolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madam_Satan=Madame Satan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Voltige=Il volteggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killer_Reserved_Nine_Seats=L'assassino ha riservato nove poltrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Fang_2:_Myth_of_the_White_Wolf=La leggenda di Zanna Bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_with_Lucy=I'm with Lucy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trancers_6=Trancers 6: Life After Deth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein_Meets_the_Space_Monster=L'incredibile astronauta incontra il mostro spaziale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Jani=Raja Jani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aadmi_Aur_Insaan=Aadmi Aur Insaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eggshells_(film)=Eggshells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Disciple_(1959_film)=Il discepolo del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_the_Colonel=Io e il colonnello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bravados=Bravados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_Anger=I giorni dell'ira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cthulhu_(2007_film)=Cthulhu (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Difficult_Life=Una vita difficile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golem_(1915_film)=Il Golem (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conversation_Piece_(film)=Gruppo di famiglia in un interno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_Magician=Il mostro delle nebbie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necromancy_(film)=Il potere di Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventurers_(1970_film)=L'ultimo avventuriero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Domino_Principle=Il principio del domino: la vita in gioco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_Full_of_Rain=La fine del mondo nel nostro solito letto in una notte piena di pioggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Jack=Dr. Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_(1987_film)=La famiglia (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Autumn_(1960_film)=Tardo autunno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_in_the_Family_(film)=All in the Family (film 1975)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_at_Large=Eroe offresi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caught_in_a_Cabaret=Charlot falso barone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Birds=Killing Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jar_City_(film)=Mýrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_New_Job=Charlot attore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Prehistoric_Past=Il sogno di Charlot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_on_the_Bar_Room_Floor_(1914_film)=Charlot pittore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel's_Busy_Day=Mabel e Charlot venditori ambulanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Trysting_Place=Charlot papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winx_Club:_The_Secret_of_the_Lost_Kingdom=Winx Club - Il segreto del regno perduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Words_and_Music_(1929_film)=Words and Music (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenin,_Jenin=Jenin, Jenin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Plumm_Summer=Una magica estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaw:_The_Saga_of_Gisli=Il fuorilegge (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Beach_(1959_film)=L'ultima spiaggia (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Beach_(2000_film)=L'ultima spiaggia (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thorn_Birds_(miniseries)=Uccelli di rovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_the_Bride=Il figlio della sposa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_with_My_Wife,_You_Don't!=Due assi nella manica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dawns_Here_Are_Quiet=Qui le albe sono quiete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casanova_70=Casanova '70
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Maiden_for_a_Prince=Una vergine per il principe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biraj_Bahu=Biraj Bahu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roma_Bene=Roma bene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glamorous_Life_of_Sachiko_Hanai=The Glamorous Life of Sachiko Hanai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desire_Under_the_Elms_(film)=Desiderio sotto gli olmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Days_of_Pompeii_(1926_film)=Gli ultimi giorni di Pompei (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turkish_Passion=La passione turca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senso_(film)=Senso (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assault_on_a_Queen=U-112 assalto al Queen Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Reservations_(film)=Sapori e dissapori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_and_the_General=La ragazza e il generale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Walk_the_Line_(film)=Un uomo senza scampo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Women_Had_Tails=Quando le donne avevano la coda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Venetian_Affair_(film)=Suspense a Venezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellissima_(film)=Bellissima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Innocent_(1976_film)=L'innocente (film 1976)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Traveler's_Wife_(film)=Un amore all'improvviso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Understood_Women=L'uomo che capiva le donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie's_Final_Project=My Suicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_It_On:_In_It_to_Win_It=Ragazze nel pallone - Pronte a vincere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Little_Loves=Mes petites amoureuses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Sweet_16:_The_Movie=My Super Sweet 16: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanush=Amanush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicky_Cristina_Barcelona=Vicky Cristina Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valet=Una top model nel mio letto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Detective=Nightmare Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_by_Night_(1960_film)=Era notte a Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bilingual_Lover=L'amante bilingue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Friends_(film)=Amici miei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Di_che_segno_sei%3F=Di che segno sei?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_My_Friends_Part_2=Amici miei - Atto IIº
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_from_the_Hill_(film)=A casa dopo l'uragano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_Drive_(film)=Sex Movie in 4D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_signor_Max=Il signor Max
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor_of_Capri=L'imperatore di Capri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salute_(1929_film)=Saluto militare (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forward_Pass=The Forward Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vigil_in_the_Night=Angeli della notte (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mother_and_the_Whore=La maman et la putain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Italian_(2005_film)=Ital'janec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandal_in_the_Family_(1975_film)=Peccati in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolores_Claiborne_(film)=L'ultima eclissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trancers_II=Trancers II: The Return of Jack Deth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters_vs._Aliens=Mostri contro alieni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Tolerance_(1995_film)=Zero Tolerance (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspicious_River=Suspicious River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_of_the_Drunk_Mantis=Dance of the Drunk Mantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_Superfighters=I maestri del Kung Fu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror_in_the_Aisles=Terrore in sala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brideshead_Revisited_(TV_serial)=Ritorno a Brideshead (serie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_an_Eagle_(miniseries)=Militari di carriera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surveillance_(2008_film)=Surveillance (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brideshead_Revisited_(film)=Ritorno a Brideshead (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changeling_(film)=Changeling (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_(film)=Shoot - Voglia di uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Lake_(1981_film)=Il lago dei cigni (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody's_All-American_(film)=Un amore, una vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bastards_(2006_film)=Svoloči
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avenue_Montaigne_(film)=Un po' per caso, un po' per desiderio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Wonderful_(film)=Mister Wonderful (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saved_by_the_Bell:_Hawaiian_Style=Bayside School - Avventura hawaiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_and_Eight=One and Eight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_America_(1979_film)=Capitan America (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Story_of_a_Love_Affair=Cronaca di un amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Crime=La polizia incrimina, la legge assolve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Solomon's_Mines_(1985_film)=Allan Quatermain e le miniere di re Salomone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aar_Ya_Paar=Aar Ya Paar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maundy_Thursday_(film)=Urideur-ui haengbokhan sigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_the_Living_(1941_film)=Among the Living (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_in_Retirement=Tenebre (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitty_Foyle_(film)=Kitty Foyle, ragazza innamorata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Trinian's_(film)=St. Trinian's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_and_Daniel_Webster_(film)=L'oro del demonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Orders_(film)=L'ultimo bicchiere (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laborer's_Love=Laborer's Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Sinbad=Il figlio di Sinbad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Purchase_(film)=Il Re della Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mercenary_(film)=Il mercenario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masks_of_Death=La maschera della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kismet_(1955_film)=Uno straniero tra gli angeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuovomondo=Nuovomondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Father_the_Hero_(1994_film)=Ma dov'è andata la mia bambina?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Doctors_(film)=Giorni senza fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuore_Sacro=Cuore sacro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vengeance_(1970_film)=Vengeance (film 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_Wanted=Hero Wanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Leaguer=Il grande alleato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxer_from_Shantung=Il drago si scatena - Boxer From Shantung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hapkido_(film)=Lady Kung Fu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Chalice_(film)=Il calice d'argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Foxes_(film)=Il principe delle volpi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unknown_World=Unknown World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_vs._the_Spider=La vendetta del ragno nero (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poughkeepsie_Tapes=The Poughkeepsie Tapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_(1982_Irish_film)=Angel (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally,_Irene_and_Mary=Le tre grazie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Go_Home=Tutti a casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_to_Singapore=Amore e mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Sorpasso=Il sorpasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impy's_Island=Impy e il mistero dell'isola magica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Good_and_Evil_(film)=Al di là del bene e del male (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_of_the_Red_Balloon=Le voyage du ballon rouge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Enduring_Promise=Un amore per sempre (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_(1962_film)=Eva (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia's_Line=L'albero di Antonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_donna_del_giorno=La donna del giorno (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barefoot_Executive=La TV ha i suoi primati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Tutor_Friend=Donggamnaegi gwa-oehagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roman_Spring_of_Mrs._Stone_(2003_film)=La primavera romana della signora Stone (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Were_Warriors_(film)=Once Were Warriors - Una volta erano guerrieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Left_Handed_Gun=Furia selvaggia - Billy Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(1927_film)=Resurrezione (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(1909_film)=Resurrection (film 1909)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leather_Boys=The Leather Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Money_Trap=La trappola mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_bambole=Le bambole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeppelin_(film)=Zeppelin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swiss_Conspiracy=Intrigo in Svizzera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puffball_(film)=Puffball - L'occhio del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butterfly_(2002_film)=Il miracolo della farfalla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_News_(1947_film)=Good News (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Lift=La città assediata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Planet_X=The Man from Planet X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Question_7=Question 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Mile_(film)=8 Mile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fascist=Il federale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seed_(1931_film)=Il richiamo dei figli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_Back_Home_(1931_film)=Way Back Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Tasty_Was_My_Little_Frenchman=Como era gostoso o meu francês
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Dolls_for_an_August_Moon=5 bambole per la luna d'agosto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Get_Your_Gun_(film)=Anna prendi il fucile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magma:_Volcanic_Disaster=Magma - Disastro infernale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Side_of_the_Moon_(1990_film)=666 - Il triangolo maledetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_mostri=I mostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pizza_Triangle=Dramma della gelosia (tutti i particolari in cronaca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Boom=Il boom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Sky=Iron Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whisper_(film)=Il respiro del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Doors_(film)=Porte aperte (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiteout_(2009_film)=Whiteout - Incubo bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhool_Ka_Phool=Dhool Ka Phool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Days_of_Naples_(film)=Le quattro giornate di Napoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_to_the_Dark_Side=Taxi to the Dark Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stolen_Children=Il ladro di bambini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gold_of_Naples=L'oro di Napoli (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Park=Jurassic Park (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_the_Revolution=Prima della rivoluzione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_with_Green_Eyes=La ragazza dagli occhi verdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sliver_(film)=Sliver (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Gestapo=The Black Gestapo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Shiloh=Shiloh e il mistero del bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_Money_(film)=Even Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominick_and_Eugene=Nick e Gino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_in_Water=A Est suonavano una canzone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firepower_(film)=Bocca da fuoco (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_the_House=Il padrone di casa (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Pacific_(1958_film)=South Pacific (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Stecchino=Johnny Stecchino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poppy_Is_Also_a_Flower=Il papavero è anche un fiore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diabolically_Yours=Diabolicamente tua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Sunday=First Sunday - Non c'è più religione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl_in_Black=Ragazza in nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_&_Fury=Sex and Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lovemakers_(film)=La viaccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chapman_Report=Sessualità (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Treasure_of_the_Sierra_Madre_(film)=Il tesoro della Sierra Madre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan's_Three_Challenges=Le tre sfide di Tarzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Could_Cheat_Death=L'uomo che ingannò la morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_the_Great_Divide=Sabbie rosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tess_of_the_Storm_Country_(1932_film)=La madonnina del porto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tess_of_the_Storm_Country_(1922_film)=La ragazza del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Cadillac_(film)=Black Cadillac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnetic_Monster=Il mostro magnetico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robot_vs._The_Aztec_Mummy=Il terrore viene d'oltretomba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Sade_(film)=De Sade (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shackleton_(TV_serial)=Shackleton (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_of_San_Gennaro=Operazione San Gennaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touching_the_Void_(film)=La morte sospesa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Genius,_Two_Partners_and_a_Dupe=Un genio, due compari, un pollo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piccolo_mondo_antico=Piccolo mondo antico (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanina_Vanini_(film)=Vanina Vanini (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_666=Chambre 666
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bats_(film)=Bats (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holcroft_Covenant_(film)=Il ritorno delle aquile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Machine_(film)=La macchina dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_Warrior=Sul sentiero di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_in_the_North_Atlantic=Convoglio verso l'ignoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Noose_(film)=The Noose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeping_Car_Murders=Vagone letto per assassini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_Green=Sherlock Holmes e la donna in verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X_from_Outer_Space=Odissea sulla Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prehistoric_Women=Donne pantere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_to_Man_(2005_film)=Man to Man (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Mask_2:_City_of_Masks=Black Mask 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanishing_Point_(1997_film)=Vanishing Point (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackboards=Lavagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Minutes_(film)=I 7 minuti che contano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blessed_(2004_film)=Blessed - Il seme del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valiant_(1962_film)=L'affondamento della Valiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valiant_(1929_film)=The Valiant (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Met_in_Bombay=Avventura a Bombay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Me_to_the_Moon_(film)=Fly Me to the Moon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russkies=Mamma ho acchiappato un russo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany,_Pale_Mother=Germania pallida madre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Games_(film)=Assassinio al terzo piano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_of_Grass_(film)=Il mare d'erba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Love_(film)=Senza amore (film 1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go,_Go,_Second_Time_Virgin=Su su per la seconda volta vergine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_at_Midnight=Song at Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Not_Me%3F_(film)=Perché no? (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Favorite_Season=Ma saison préférée
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Tale=Racconto di Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bedtime_Story=Papà cerca moglie (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Lives_(2002_film)=Nine Lives (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deep_Six=Acque profonde (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinerama_Adventure=Cinerama Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Natural_(film)=Il migliore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_Up_2:_The_Streets=Step Up 2 - La strada per il successo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_Heart=Una drag queen come mamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Continent_(1951_film)=Il continente scomparso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Midsummer_Night's_Dream_(1909_film)=A Midsummer Night's Dream (film 1909)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_It_Happen_(film)=Ballare per un sogno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Worlds=Il pianeta degli uomini spenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaane_Tu..._Ya_Jaane_Na=Jaane Tu Ya Jaane Na
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_of_Kin_(1984_film)=Next of Kin (film 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Floors=Dark Floors (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweethearts_(1938_film)=Bisticci d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stitches_(1985_film)=Scuola di medicina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_and_the_Chipmunks_(film)=Alvin Superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homegrown_(film)=Homegrown - I piantasoldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snows_of_Kilimanjaro_(1952_film)=Le nevi del Chilimangiaro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_in_the_Sand=Gioco sulla sabbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuya's_Marriage=Il matrimonio di Tuya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Man_Godfrey_(1957_film)=L'impareggiabile Godfrey (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redacted_(film)=Redacted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benji_(1974_film)=Beniamino (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Warrior_(film)=Gli avventurieri del pianeta Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Robbers=Tiffany e i tre briganti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flower_Drum_Song_(film)=Fior di loto (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ogre_(1996_film)=L'orco - The Ogre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_(1929_film)=Broadway (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Medic_(1979_film)=Histoire d'amour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Righteous_Kill=Sfida senza regole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellphone=Hellphone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azur_&_Asmar:_The_Princes'_Quest=Azur e Asmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szamanka=La sciamana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wittgenstein_(film)=Wittgenstein (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Grace=Savage Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Stranger_of_Mine=Unmei janai hito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Imaginarium_of_Doctor_Parnassus=Parnassus - L'uomo che voleva ingannare il diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shredderman_Rules=Nolan - Come diventare un supereroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tunnel_of_Love=Il tunnel dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Night_Is_Too_Long=No Night Is Too Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_Worker_(1962_film)=Anna dei miracoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardcaptor_Sakura:_The_Movie=Card Captor Sakura - The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_in_the_Piazza_(film)=Luce nella piazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isolation_(2005_film)=Isolation - La fattoria del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meri_Jung=Meri Jung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweet_Hereafter_(film)=Il dolce domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagle_Has_Landed_(film)=La notte dell'aquila (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_(1983_film)=Hero (film 1983 Ghai)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persepolis_(film)=Persepolis (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_and_the_Secret_Weapon=Sherlock Holmes e l'arma segreta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_and_the_Voice_of_Terror=Sherlock Holmes e la voce del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_in_Washington=Sherlock Holmes a Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pursuit_to_Algiers=Destinazione Algeri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_Faces_Death=Sherlock Holmes di fronte alla morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Me_Wed=Un matrimonio molto particolare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice's_Restaurant_(film)=Alice's Restaurant (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunslinger_(film)=Il mercenario della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Orchid=Il vendicatore (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranoid_Park_(film)=Paranoid Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hundred_Steps=I cento passi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Elvis=This Is Elvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daag_(1952_film)=Daag (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Rains_on_Our_Love=Piove sul nostro amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_in_Darkness=Musica nel buio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mouse_on_the_Moon=Mani sulla luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mademoiselle_(1966_film)=...e il diavolo ha riso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirst_(1949_film)=Sete (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Joy_(film)=Verso la gioia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Can't_Happen_Here=Ciò non accadrebbe qui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Interlude=Un'estate d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawdust_and_Tinsel=Una vampata d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_(1955_film)=Sogni di donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brink_of_Life=Alle soglie della vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Eye=L'occhio del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Sunshine=Secret Sunshine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daybreakers=Daybreakers - L'ultimo vampiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appleseed_Ex_Machina=Appleseed Ex Machina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Valentine:_Blonde_&_Dangerous=Pericolosamente bionda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boat_(2007_film)=Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scent_of_Green_Papaya=Il profumo della papaya verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Atlantide_(1921_film)=L'Atlantide (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loulou_(film)=Loulou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brain_(1969_film)=Il cervello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Tintin_(film)=Le avventure di Tintin - Il segreto dell'Unicorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Parts_(1972_film)=Bambole e sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Biology=Bad Biology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tramp,_Tramp,_Tramp=Di corsa dietro un cuore (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oscar_(film)=Tramonto di un idolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombie_Strippers=Zombie Strippers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_in_Red_(1979_film)=The Lady in Red (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Caliente=Follia messicana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Forrester=Scoprendo Forrester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diving_Bell_and_the_Butterfly_(film)=Lo scafandro e la farfalla (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mine_(1978_film)=Maden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_the_Time_of_Cholera_(film)=L'amore ai tempi del colera (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_City=Incubo sulla città contaminata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuvvraaj=Yuvvraaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn:_Portrait_of_a_Teenage_Runaway=Dawn: Portrait of a Teenage Runaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Goes_Up=What Goes Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardon_Mon_Affaire=Certi piccolissimi peccati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signs_of_Life_(1968_film)=Segni di vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Heat=La furia umana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_After_Next=Friday After Next
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel's_Strange_Predicament=Charlot all'hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Film_Johnnie=Charlot entra nel cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tango_Tangles=Charlot al ballo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Favourite_Pastime=Charlot troppo galante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel_at_the_Wheel=Charlot e Mabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caught_in_the_Rain=Charlot e la sonnambula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Enemies_(1996_film)=Ricercati vivi o morti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fatal_Mallet=Il martello di Charlot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Friend_the_Bandit=Her Friend the Bandit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel's_Married_Life=Mabel si marita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughing_Gas_(1914_film)=Charlot dentista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Property_Man=Charlot trovarobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canterville_Ghost_(1986_film)=Il fantasma di Canterville (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Love_Pangs=Giuseppe rivale di Charlot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentlemen_of_Nerve=Charlot alle corse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Musical_Career=Il pianoforte di Charlot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Acquainted=Charlot ai giardini pubblici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Months,_3_Weeks_and_2_Days=4 mesi, 3 settimane, 2 giorni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loss_of_Sexual_Innocence=La perdita dell'innocenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Regeneration=His Regeneration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Dreamin'_(film)=California Dreamin' (nesfârșit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buying_the_Cow=Mai dire sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghaied_(1915_film)=Charlot marinaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_the_Bride_(2002_film)=Kiss the Bride (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feast_of_Love=Feast of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_Sabata=È tornato Sabata... hai chiuso un'altra volta!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabata_(film)=Ehi amico... c'è Sabata. Hai chiuso!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Intruder_(2004_film)=L'Intrus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Fear,_No_Die=Al diavolo la morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Day_Takes_You=I dannati di Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Y_and_Shurik's_Other_Adventures=Operazione Y e altre avventure di Šurik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scent_of_a_Woman_(1974_film)=Profumo di donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winners_of_the_Wilderness=Winners of the Wilderness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Mark_Twain_(1985_film)=Le avventure di Mark Twain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_of_Shipka=Geroite na Shipka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Tutli-Putli=Madame Tutli-Putli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartouche_(film)=Cartouche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Bullets=6 Bullets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitus_(film)=Vitus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_I_Was_a_Singer=A modo mio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_of_Glomdal=La fidanzata di Glomdal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Karenina_(1997_film)=Anna Karenina (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_complessi=I complessi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_nuovi_mostri=I nuovi mostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_and_His_Friends=Il diritto del più forte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Tale=Arctic Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Torture_a_Duckling=Non si sevizia un paperino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_of_the_Range=Il bandito solitario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damaged_Lives=Damaged Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Facts_of_Life_Reunion=Quattro amiche, nuovi amori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Thief=La piccola ladra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Terror=Sola nel buio (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Line_7000=Linea rossa 7000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounder_(film)=Sounder (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wise_Guys_(1986_film)=Cadaveri e compari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Comrades_Were_Serving=Služili dva tovarišča
http://dbpedia.org/resource/December_Bride_(film)=December Bride (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Va_savoir=Chi lo sa?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heartbreak_Kid_(2007_film)=Lo spaccacuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Trouble=Il mio amico zampalesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_of_the_Indies=La regina dei pirati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Grit:_A_Further_Adventure=True Grit (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Below_Utopia=Party fatale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megiddo:_The_Omega_Code_2=2012 - L'avvento del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khuda_Gawah=Khuda Gawah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Eye_(1998_film)=Lo sguardo dell'altro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We,_the_Women=Siamo donne (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Walls_(film)=Quattro mura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_of_Love=Adriana Lecouvreur (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cone_of_Silence_(film)=La tragedia del Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_Your_Final_Destination=Quella sera dorata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Modern_Maidens=Ragazze americane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colossal_Youth_(film)=Juventude em marcha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_Moon=Un marito fuori posto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning,_Night=Buongiorno, notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Mother's_Smile=L'ora di religione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Blushing_Brides=Ragazze che sognano (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paid_(1930_film)=Debito d'odio (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Rooms_in_Manhattan=Tre camere a Manhattan (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satan's_Cheerleaders=Le ragazze di Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Female_(1933_film)=Female
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciske_de_Rat_(1984_film)=Ciske de Rat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maker_of_Men=Maker of Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Having_Wonderful_Time=Vacanze d'amore (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance,_Fools,_Dance=La via del male (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Story_(1970_film)=Love Story (film 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acacia_(film)=Acacia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Catcher=Nell'occhio del ciclone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Path_of_Hope=Il cammino della speranza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Man_in_Havana_(film)=Il nostro agente all'Avana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Name_of_the_Law_(1949_film)=In nome della legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Case_Closed:_Countdown_to_Heaven=Detective Conan - Trappola di cristallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_to_Mars_(film)=Volo su Marte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughing_Sinners=Laughing Sinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letty_Lynton=Ritorno (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_We_Live=Rivalità eroica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tempest_(1979_film)=The Tempest (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/26_Years_Diary=Anata o wasurenai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1776_(film)=1776 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chained_(1934_film)=Incatenata (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forsaking_All_Others=La donna è mobile (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Ladies=No More Ladies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_vs._the_Spider_(2001_film)=La vendetta del ragno nero (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invaders_from_Mars_(1986_film)=Invaders (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunters_of_the_Golden_Cobra=I cacciatori del cobra d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ark_of_the_Sun_God=I sopravvissuti della città morta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bury_My_Heart_at_Wounded_Knee_(film)=L'ultimo pellerossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Dangerous_Tonight=Vestito che uccide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_of_the_Dolls_(film)=La valle delle bambole (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_of_the_Night_(film)=Una lama nel buio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Lena_Smith=Romanzo d'amore (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_on_Earth_(film)=Per una sola estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_Wore_Red=La sposa vestiva di rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narrow_Margin=Rischio totale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intruder_(1989_film)=Terrore senza volto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Way_Passage=Amanti senza domani (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_in_the_Navy=Francis in the Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shining_Hour=Ossessione del passato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannequin_(1937_film)=La donna che voglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sisters_(1938_film)=Io ti aspetterò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman's_Secret=Hai sempre mentito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ice_Follies_of_1939=Follie sul ghiaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Cargo_(1940_film)=L'isola del diavolo (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman's_Face=Volto di donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_(2007_film)=Joshua (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zack_and_Miri_Make_a_Porno=Zack & Miri - Amore a... primo sesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Bar=Wonder Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Ladies_Meet_(1933_film)=When Ladies Meet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Ladies_Meet_(1941_film)=Quando le signore si incontrano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Railroad_Man=Il ferroviere (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Youth=Gioventù perduta (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfredo,_Alfredo=Alfredo Alfredo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anonymous_Venetian_(film)=Anonimo veneziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Miracles=Per grazia ricevuta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Three_and_Pray_(film)=Conta fino a 3 e prega!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(1948_film)=I tre moschettieri (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You'd_Be_Surprised_(film)=You'd Be Surprised
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_(2009_film)=Up (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Contractor_(2007_film)=The Contractor - Rischio supremo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_of_Two=Quei due (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modigliani_(film)=I colori dell'anima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Gein:_The_Butcher_of_Plainfield=Ed Gein: The Butcher of Plainfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reunion_in_France=La grande fiamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Above_Suspicion_(1943_film)=Al di sopra di ogni sospetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Female_on_the_Beach=Delitto sulla spiaggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleuth_(2007_film)=Sleuth - Gli insospettabili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_a_Ball=Il granduca e mister Pimm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Wife_Is_a_Gangster_3=Jopok manura 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Chimps=Space Chimps - Missione spaziale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contraband_(1980_film)=Luca il contrabbandiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Force:_An_Inside_Story=Police Force: An Inside Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Khiladi=International Khiladi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor_Jones_(1933_film)=The Emperor Jones (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Only_Thing=The Only Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Gypsies_(film)=Il re degli zingari (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_One-Armed_Swordsman=La mano sinistra della violenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sybil_(2007_film)=Sybil (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Desert_of_the_Tartars=Il deserto dei Tartari (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Esther_Costello=La storia di Esther Costello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Forget_Venice=Dimenticare Venezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathdream=La morte dietro la porta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bataille_de_boules_de_neige=Battaglia con le palle di neve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuck_(2007_film)=Stuck (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepless_(2001_film)=Non ho sonno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Card_Player=Il cartaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12:01_PM_(1990_film)=12:01 PM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12:01_(1993_film)=Mezzanotte e un minuto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zontar,_the_Thing_from_Venus=Zontar: The Thing from Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Watch_(1995_film)=Operazione Rembrandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Pit=Incubo in corsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/But_Forever_in_My_Mind=Come te nessuno mai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manual_of_Love=Manuale d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_squadrone_bianco=Lo squadrone bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandabi=Il vaglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskimo_(film)=Eskimo (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D-War=Dragon Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfair_Competition_(film)=Concorrenza sleale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_of_Harvard_(1926_film)=Lo studente (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_in_the_Closet=Non aprite quell'armadio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Savages_(film)=La famiglia Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Voices_(film)=Some Voices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unknown_Woman=La sconosciuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_War_of_Major_Benson=La guerra privata del maggiore Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_to_Eternity=All'inferno per l'eternità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vantage_Point_(film)=Prospettive di un delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irina_Palm=Irina Palm - Il talento di una donna inglese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Moon_(1940_film)=Luna nuova (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custer_of_the_West=Custer eroe del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12:08_East_of_Bucharest=A Est di Bucarest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoda_Pyaar_Thoda_Magic=Un pizzico d'amore e di magia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_and_Entering_(film)=Complicità e sospetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cinema_Murder=The Cinema Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Chihuahua=Beverly Hills Chihuahua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Grido=Il grido (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunflower_(1970_film)=I girasoli (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cops_and_Robbers_(1951_film)=Guardie e ladri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_Italy=Viaggio in Italia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadbeat_at_Dawn=Deadbeat at Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Kill_a_King=Uccidere il re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_(1954_film)=La paura (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_camorrista=Il camorrista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splendor_(1989_film)=Splendor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_(1985_film)=Joey (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estate_Violenta=Estate violenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pistol_Whipped=Pistol Whipped - L'ultima partita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_(1951_film)=Anna (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome_11:00=Roma ore 11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Vinti=I vinti (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spontaneous_Combustion_(film)=I figli del fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Stop,_Greenwich_Village=Stop a Greenwich Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler's_Children_(1943_film)=Hitler's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Lobo=La leggenda di Lobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_Enough_(2006_film)=Giovane e violento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Hurrah_(1958_film)=L'ultimo urrà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_terrazza=La terrazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repo_Men=Repo Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_(1989_film)=Elephant (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Fire=Fuoco magico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survival_Quest=Survival Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bye_Bye_Love_(film)=Mariti imperfetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_of_the_Sea=Son de mar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Justice=Urban Justice - Città violenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Ember=Ember - Il mistero della città di luce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirikou_and_the_Wild_Beasts=Kirikù e gli animali selvaggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peppermint_Soda=Gazzosa alla menta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Castle=Il mistero del castello nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadrach_(film)=Il profumo di un giorno d'estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juno_(film)=Juno (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_Elegy=Elegia moscovita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schlock_(film)=Slok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Jane_(film)=Sweet Jane (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Hire=L'insolito caso di Mr. Hire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Flag_of_the_Rising_Sun=Sotto la bandiera del Sol Levante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bubble_(2006_film)=The Bubble (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labyrinth_of_Passion=Labirinto di passioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_of_Arms=Stringimi forte tra le tue braccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Men_(film_series)=X-Men (serie cinematografica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_House_(film)=Black House (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Four_in_film=Film sui Fantastici Quattro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vengeance_of_the_Zombies=La vendetta dei morti viventi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinocchio's_Revenge=Bad Pinocchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Wild_(film)=Into the Wild - Nelle terre selvagge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peculiarities_of_the_National_Fishing=Osobennosti nacional'noj rybalki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourplay_(film)=Four Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prom_Night_(2008_film)=Che la fine abbia inizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Champ_(1979_film)=Il campione (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Your_Caddy%3F=Who's Your Caddy?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ship_That_Died_of_Shame=L'ultima vendetta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XXY_(film)=XXY (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantoms_(film)=Phantoms (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possession_(2009_film)=Possession (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Command_Decision_(film)=Suprema decisione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saratoga_(film)=Saratoga (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_from_Missouri=Pura al cento per cento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Courtship_of_Eddie's_Father_(film)=Una fidanzata per papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_Property_(film)=Proprietà riservata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advance_to_the_Rear=Compagnia di codardi?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Out_(1989_film)=Coming Out (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie's_Point=Il promontorio di Annie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropic_Thunder=Tropic Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Suzie_Wong_(film)=Il mondo di Suzie Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Most_Wanted_(1997_film)=Testimone involontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_(film)=Herb (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callaway_Went_Thataway=Callaway Went Thataway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_I_Know=People I Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Bits=Un giorno da ricordare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me,_Natalie=Me, Natalie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_the_Drum_Slowly_(film)=Batte il tamburo lentamente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_of_the_Night=Fior d'assalto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Slave_of_Fashion=Schiava della moda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_the_Animals=Future animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Nights=Broadway Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Interlude_(film)=Strano interludio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merry_Widow_(1925_film)=La vedova allegra (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tomb_(1986_film)=La tomba (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margot_at_the_Wedding=Il matrimonio di mia sorella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_of_Chinatown=Il fantasma della città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Man_(film)=White Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Paradise=La zarina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_the_Central_Committee=Asesinato en el Comité Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_and_Life_of_Bobby_Z=Bobby Z - Il signore della droga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two-Fisted_Law=Two-Fisted Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandni_Chowk_to_China=Chandni Chowk to China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staircase_(film)=Quei due (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry:_Shiver_Me_Whiskers=Tom & Jerry all'arrembaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abby_(film)=Abby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_in_the_Night=Sospettati di omicidio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chaplin_Revue=The Chaplin Revue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maneater_(2007_film)=Maneater (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Buffalo=Sfida a White Buffalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuelle_5=Emmanuelle 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane_(1979_film)=Uragano (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuelle_4=Emmanuelle 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Brothers_(1981_film)=Tre fratelli (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brave_One_(2007_film)=Il buio nell'anima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brave_One_(1956_film)=La più grande corrida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rich_Are_Always_with_Us=The Rich Are Always with Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Horse_(1932_film)=The Dark Horse (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudo_y_Cursi=Rudo y Cursi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two-Minute_Warning=Panico nello stadio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_of_Destiny_(film)=Stone of Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freud:_The_Secret_Passion=Freud - Passioni segrete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_on_1st_Street=1beonga-ui gijeok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Missed_Call:_Final=The Call: Final
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Antonio_(film)=Duello a S. Antonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Love_and_Hate=Yeon-ae, geu cham-eul su eobnneun gabyeo-um
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gasoline_(film)=Benzina (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Carol_(1908_film)=A Christmas Carol (film 1908)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_(1916_film)=Sherlock Holmes (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Dorado_(1988_film)=A peso d'oro (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Valley_of_Elah=Nella valle di Elah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_(2007_film)=Secret (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathstalker_II=Deathstalker II - Duello di titani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_and_Stripes_Forever_(film)=Squilli di primavera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_Your_Man=L'uomo che voglio (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Civil_War=La seconda guerra civile americana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Chair=La sedia del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loverboy_(1989_film)=Seduttore a domicilio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Goldfarb,_Please_Come_Home!=A braccia aperte (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_&_Thomas=Tom & Thomas - Un solo destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Missing_Star=La stella che non c'è
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trap_(1985_film)=La gabbia (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trap_(1959_film)=L'agguato (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Girl_(film)=Funny Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloverfield=Cloverfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beginning_or_the_End=La morte è discesa a Hiroshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Late_Blues=Blues di mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_for_Fire_(film)=La guerra del fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hottest_State=L'amore giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Straight=L'impossibilità di essere normale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Spangled_Girl=Star Spangled Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Bite_Dog=Dog Bite Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_It_in_Russian=Say It in Russian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Choirboys_(film)=I ragazzi del coro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Bedfellows_(2004_film)=Strange Bedfellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busting=Mani sporche sulla città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filth_and_Wisdom=Sacro e profano (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireflies_in_the_Garden=Un segreto tra di noi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider_Lilies_(film)=Spider Lilies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Signal_(2007_film)=The Signal (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Carol_(2009_film)=A Christmas Carol (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absurd_(film)=Rosso sangue (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Walsh_(1970_film)=Monty Walsh, un uomo duro a morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Best_Move=Soccer Girl - Un sogno in gioco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_Door=Alan, il conte nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_of_the_White_Stallions=L'ultimo treno da Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lt._Robin_Crusoe,_U.S.N.=Il comandante Robin Crusoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frost/Nixon_(film)=Frost/Nixon - Il duello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearth_Fires=La divorziata (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Bataan=Gli eroi del Pacifico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield_Gets_Real=Garfield a zampa libera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Cyclist=Gli egoisti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_No_One=Non dirlo a nessuno (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Militia_(film)=Militia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Feet=Perimetro di paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Boys_Love_Mandy_Lane=All the Boys Love Mandy Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_(2008_film)=Red (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemingway's_Adventures_of_a_Young_Man=Le avventure di un giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redbelt=Redbelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beware!_Children_at_Play=Beware! Children at Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Town_Without_Pity=La città spietata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmorphers=Transmorphers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scalphunters=Joe Bass l'implacabile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Bang_Kid=Bang Bang Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_the_Grizzly=La valle dell'orso (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Last_Panzer=La battaglia dell'ultimo panzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Returned=The Girl Who Returned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satan's_Sadists=Satan's Sadists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Treasure_Island=Gli allegri pirati dell'isola del tesoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borrowers_(1997_film)=I rubacchiotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rocker_(film)=The Rocker - Il batterista nudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Mother_Likes_Women=A mia madre piacciono le donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Dive_at_Dawn=La tigre del mare (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_III_(1912_film)=Richard III (film 1912)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amphitryon_(film)=Anfitrione (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hanging_Woman=L'orgia dei morti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Creek=Blood Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bank_Job=La rapina perfetta (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brass_Target=Obiettivo "Brass"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Occident_(film)=Occident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_Kitty=Looking for Kitty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leisurely_Pedestrians,_Open_Topped_Buses_and_Hansom_Cabs_with_Trotting_Horses=Leisurely Pedestrians, Open Topped Buses and Hansom Cabs with Trotting Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fore_Play=Fore Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Do_We_Eat%3F_(2005_film)=Pazzo pranzo di famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Chatterley's_Lover_(1981_film)=L'amante di Lady Chatterley (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_(1912_film)=Friends (film 1912)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_and_Water_(film)=Oil and Water (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slam_Dance_(film)=Slamdance - Il delitto di mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Street_(1961_film)=Il sentiero degli amanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Street_(1941_film)=Gli amanti (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Street_(1932_film)=La donna proibita (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_Two_(film)=Numéro deux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_Daughters_(1994_film)=Runaway Daughters (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Gun=Diamante Lobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeet_(1996_film)=Jeet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Dog_Morgan=Braccato a vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Scarface=I padroni della città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raven_(1915_film)=The Raven (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Border_Cop=Border Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Old_California_(1942_film)=I dominatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daughter_from_Danang=Daughter from Danang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kids_Are_Alright_(film)=Uragano Who
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target_(1985_film)=Target - Scuola omicidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RocknRolla=RocknRolla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Surrogate_Woman=Ssibaj-i
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winds_of_the_Wasteland=Una diligenza per l'ovest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleach:_The_DiamondDust_Rebellion=Bleach: The DiamondDust Rebellion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traitor_(film)=Traitor - Sospetto tradimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target_(1952_film)=Target (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Tracy_Meets_Gruesome=Dick Tracy e il gas misterioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damn_Yankees_(film)=Damn Yankees!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassination_of_the_Duke_of_Guise=L'Assassinat du duc de Guise (film 1908)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S-21:_The_Khmer_Rouge_Killing_Machine=S21: La macchina di morte dei Khmer rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banditi_a_Orgosolo=Banditi a Orgosolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elegy_(film)=Lezioni d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_of_Chance_(1930_film)=Street of Chance (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepwalking_(film)=Sleepwalking (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Dead=Lake Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Night's_Journey_into_Day=Long Night's Journey Into Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Child_(film)=Wild Child (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Sleeping_Dogs_Lie=Diario di un assassino (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witnesses=I testimoni (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_(1999_American_film)=Gloria (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Gun_(film)=L'anno del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_People=Neak sre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathstalker_(film)=Deathstalker (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identity_Pieces=Pièces d'identités
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Super=El Super
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_End_in_Sight=No End in Sight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_International_(2009_film)=The International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Sawyer_(1917_film)=Tom Sawyer (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerfield_(film)=L'isola di Summerfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalla!_Jalla!=Jalla! Jalla!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Awakening=Her Awakening (film 1911)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wishmaster_2:_Evil_Never_Dies=Wishmaster 2 - Il male non muore mai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wishmaster_3:_Beyond_the_Gates_of_Hell=Wishmaster 3 - La pietra del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Silence_(1996_film)=Al di là del silenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Diamond:_A_Personal_Portrait_of_Kylie_Minogue=White Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Age:_Dawn_of_the_Dinosaurs=L'era glaciale 3 - L'alba dei dinosauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanhe_Jaisalmer=È tempo di sognare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Was_a_Quiet_Man=Un uomo qualunque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honky_Tonk_(1941_film)=Se mi vuoi sposami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Din_Achanak=Ek Din Achanak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Drifters=Odete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Babe_Ruth_Story=L'ultima sfida (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Slept_Here=Susanna ha dormito qui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Governess=La governante (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckless_(1984_film)=Amare con rabbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogus_(film)=Bogus - L'amico immaginario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bless_the_Beasts_and_Children_(film)=Bless the Beasts & Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walker=The Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeleton_Man=Skeleton Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_the_Menace_Strikes_Again=Dennis colpisce ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mountain_(1956_film)=La montagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapeze_(film)=Trapezio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Nobody_(film)=Mr. Nobody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_Red_(1935_film)=La signora in rosso (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Littlest_Outlaw=Il piccolo fuorilegge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_a_Man_Falls_in_the_Forest=When a Man Falls in the Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paar_(film)=La traversata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Locos=Posse II - La banda dei folli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Evening_After_the_War=Un soir après la guerre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Cannot_Wrap_Up_Embers=Le papier ne peut pas envelopper la braise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Plonk=Dr. Plonk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twitches_Too=Twitches - Gemelle streghelle 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinjuku_Incident=La vendetta del dragone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dandy_in_Aspic=Sull'orlo della paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paint_Your_Wagon_(film)=La ballata della città senza nome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_Revenge_of_the_Fallen=Transformers - La vendetta del caduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minutemen_(film)=Gli esploratori del tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Fine_Young_Cannibals=I giovani cannibali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Eye_for_an_Eye_(1981_film)=Triade chiama Canale 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luther_(2003_film)=Luther - Genio, ribelle, liberatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhubarb_(1951_film)=Il gatto milionario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Side_of_the_Sun_(film)=The Dark Side of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Terror_(film)=I gangsters del Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_Goes_to_Rome=Sabrina - Vacanze romane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABBA:_The_Movie=ABBA spettacolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicksand_(2003_film)=Quicksand - Accusato di omicidio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reversal_of_Fortune_(2003_film)=Yeokjeon-e sanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singing_Nun_(film)=Dominique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Range_Feud=The Range Feud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_and_Gent=Cuore d'amanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_My_Boy_(1932_film)=That's My Boy (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Frontier_(film)=Nuove frontiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Stampede=The Big Stampede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_Gold=Haunted Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Telegraph_Trail=The Telegraph Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Airport_(film)=Ala errante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_in_Sonora=Somewhere in Sonora (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Private_Secretary=His Private Secretary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Jimmy_Dolan=La seconda aurora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Monterey=The Man from Monterey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Coach=College Coach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagebrush_Trail=Il giustiziere del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Supercops=Miami Supercops (I poliziotti dell'8ª strada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cyclops_(film)=The Cyclops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_from_Space=Il fantasma dello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_of_the_Divide=West of the Divide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Valley_(film)=Rainbow Valley (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westward_Ho_(1935_film)=Verso il West!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Streetcar_Named_Desire_(1995_film)=Un tram che si chiama Desiderio (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Frontier_(film)=Uno sceriffo per Weather Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Checking_Out_(1989_film)=Al diavolo il paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oregon_Trail_(1936_film)=The Oregon Trail (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Pecos=Il re dei Pecos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonely_Trail=Il sentiero solitario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Spoilers=Sea Spoilers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conflict_(1936_film)=Conflict (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/999-9999=999-9999
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Love_You_Cannes!=All the Love You Cannes!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Black_Stallion=Young Black Stallion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Rock=Camp Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Can_Kill_a_Child%3F=Ma come si può uccidere un bambino?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobor_the_Great=Tobor - Il re dei robot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idol_of_the_Crowds=Idol of the Crowds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure's_End=Adventure's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_the_West=Il sentiero della vendetta (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pals_of_the_Saddle=Pals of the Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overland_Stage_Raiders=Overland Stage Raiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_Line=La linea generale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe_Stampede=Santa Fe Stampede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_French_Detective=Dai sbirro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassination_(1987_film)=Assassination (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Fate:_Life_and_Death_in_a_Sicilian_Family=Children of Fate: Life and Death in a Sicilian Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Were_Meant_for_Me_(film)=You Were Meant for Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antony_and_Cleopatra_(1908_film)=Antony and Cleopatra (film 1908)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Case_Closed:_The_Fourteenth_Target=Detective Conan - L'asso di picche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Earth=Terra gialla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_from_Castile=Il capitano di Castiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scent_of_Love=Gukhwakkot hyanggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indian_Tomb_(1959_film)=Il sepolcro indiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Texas_Steers=Texas Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming_Outlaw=Wyoming Outlaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Faces_West=La valle dei monsoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Sinners_(1940_film)=La taverna dei sette peccati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man_(1977_film)=L'Uomo Ragno (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Prayer_for_the_Dying=Una preghiera per morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Soup=In the Soup (Un mare di guai)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorcher_(film)=Distruggete Los Angeles!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_of_the_Wind=Bride of the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Strange_Place_to_Meet=Drôle d'endroit pour une rencontre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Rainbow_(film)=Over the Rainbow (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Broken_Life=Una vita spezzata (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Bang_You're_Dead_(film)=Bang bang, sei morto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Price_Glory_(1952_film)=Uomini alla ventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_Like_a_Man_(1987_film)=Bobo, vita da cani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flood_(film)=Uragano (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanted_(2009_film)=Wanted (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sissi_(film)=La principessa Sissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hi-Lo_Country=Hi-Lo Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Mohicans_(1936_film)=Il re dei pellirosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_the_Tracks=Oltre i binari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Country_(film)=Paese selvaggio (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_3000=America 3000 - Il pianeta delle amazzoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duchess_(film)=La duchessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Couch_Trip=Lo strizzacervelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonfly_(2002_film)=Il segno della libellula - Dragonfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fugitive_(1910_film)=The Fugitive (film 1910)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incident_(1967_film)=New York: ore tre - L'ora dei vigliacchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cluny_Brown=Fra le tue braccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flic_Story=Flic Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noce_Blanche=Noce blanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchanted_Drawing=The Enchanted Drawing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gamers:_Dorkness_Rising=The Gamers: Dorkness Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetro=Segreti di famiglia (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_West_Mounted_Police_(film)=Giubbe rosse (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Culture=Un seduttore in incognito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear's_Kiss=Il bacio dell'orso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfly_Kiss=Butterfly Kiss - Il bacio della farfalla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkman_II:_The_Return_of_Durant=Darkman II - Il ritorno di Durant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickey_&_Boggs=La morte arriva con la valigia bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isn't_Life_Wonderful=Isn't Life Wonderful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20,000_Years_in_Sing_Sing=20.000 anni a Sing Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_10:_Race_Against_Time=Ben 10 - Corsa contro il tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fate_Is_the_Hunter_(film)=Destino in agguato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantozzi_(film)=Fantozzi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_secondo_tragico_Fantozzi=Il secondo tragico Fantozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begone_Dull_Care=Begone Dull Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Within_(film)=From Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watchers_II=Alterazione genetica II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watchers_3=Watchers III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watchers_Reborn=Watchers Reborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xtro_3:_Watch_the_Skies=Xtro 3: Watch the Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Pisito=El pisito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_the_Great_(film)=Alfredo il Grande (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Favorite_Spy=L'avventuriera di Tangeri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bezhin_Meadow=Il prato di Bežin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superfantozzi=Superfantozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_the_World_Ended=Il giorno in cui il mondo finì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooks_in_Cloisters=Un priore per Scotland Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futurama:_The_Beast_with_a_Billion_Backs=Futurama - La bestia con un miliardo di schiene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futurama:_Into_the_Wild_Green_Yonder=Futurama - Nell'immenso verde profondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futurama:_Bender's_Game=Futurama - Il gioco di Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Grows_on_Trees=It Grows on Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rum_Diary_(film)=The Rum Diary - Cronache di una passione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accompanist=L'accompagnatrice (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Girl=Geunyeoreul moreumyeon gancheop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrill's_Marauders_(film)=L'urlo della battaglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_World_(1992_film)=Il mondo perduto (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torment_(1944_film)=Spasimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cochecito=El cochecito - La vetturetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassination_of_Trotsky=L'assassinio di Trotsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atraco_a_las_tres=Atraco a las tres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Beat_(1962_film)=Norman astuto poliziotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_and_the_Wolves=Anna e i lupi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama_Turns_100=Mamà compie 100 anni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assault_at_West_Point:_The_Court-Martial_of_Johnson_Whittaker=Corte marziale - Death Sentence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_Off_(film)=Taking Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dearest_Senorita=Mi querida señorita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nest_(1980_film)=Il nido (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Honeymoon=Fuggiamo insieme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Plaisir=Il piacere (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exile_(1947_film)=Re in esilio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wagons_Roll_at_Night=Il circo insanguinato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Can_Seriously_Damage_Your_Health=L'amore nuoce gravemente alla salute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Side_(2004_film)=Wild Side (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stars_Look_Down_(film)=E le stelle stanno a guardare (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topper_Returns=Una bionda in paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topper_Takes_a_Trip=Viaggio nell'impossibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sorcerer's_Apprentice_(2010_film)=L'apprendista stregone (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioactive_Dreams=Radioactive Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Liberty=Sweet Liberty - La dolce indipendenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Charlie=Ciao, Charlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_in_Mind_(film)=Stati di alterazione progressiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Betrayed_(1941_film)=Il club del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_Diary=Tartaruga ti amerò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_from_Louisiana=La riva dei peccatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_for_a_Night=Signora per una notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lady_Takes_a_Chance=La signorina e il cow-boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tycoon_(1947_film)=La grande conquista (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_Without_a_Face=La furia del peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_(1948_film)=Eva (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdamned=Amsterdamned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyewitness_(1981_film)=Uno scomodo testimone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_City_(film)=Mad City - Assalto alla notizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxury_Car_(film)=Jiang cheng xia ri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boost=Cocaina (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Secret=Bruciante segreto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Girl_(1930_film)=Il nostro pane quotidiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_Years_Away=Gli anni luce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Light=Luz Silenciosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Hard_Times_(film)=Tempo di terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massacre_in_Rome=Rappresaglia (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garibaldi_(film)=Viva l'Italia (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Without_Camelias=La signora senza camelie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_Passage_(film)=Ritrovarsi (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Funny_Thing_Happened_on_the_Way_to_the_Forum_(film)=Dolci vizi al foro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boys_from_County_Clare=I ragazzi di Clare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thor_(film)=Thor (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avanim=Avanim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Tall_Men=I 10 della legione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardener_of_Eden=Gardener of Eden - Il giustiziere senza legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valdez_Is_Coming=Io sono Valdez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_XIII:_The_Wisdom_of_Friends=Alla ricerca della Valle Incantata 13 - In viaggio con le pance gialle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...All_the_Marbles=California Dolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Tall:_Lone_Justice=Walking Tall 3 - Giustizia personale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan's_Plan=Delitto imperfetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_and_the_Real_Girl=Lars e una ragazza tutta sua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightning_Jack=Jack colpo di fulmine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulcinea_(film)=Dulcinea incantesimo d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exils=Exils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_Vote_(2008_film)=Swing Vote - Un uomo da 300 milioni di voti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kismat_Konnection=L'amore porta fortuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita_and_the_Birth_of_Japan=Doraemon: Nobita no Nippon tanjō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Pair_Out=La sesta coppia fuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Mama_(film)=Baby Mama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_Came_Jones_(film)=Il magnifico avventuriero (film 1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaten_Alive!=Mangiati vivi!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderland_(1999_film)=Wonderland (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Amiche=Le amiche (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday's_Children=Il figlio della domenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Confessions=Conversazioni private
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Legion=L'ultima legione (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden:_Heaven_and_Hell=Svezia inferno e paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commandos_Strike_at_Dawn=Uragano all'alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Young_to_Marry=Too Young to Marry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Coat=Duello di spie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambling_Lady=L'ultima carta (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spitfire_(1934_film)=Argento vivo (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Riders_(1939_film)=The Night Riders (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towelhead_(film)=Niente velo per Jasira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avenging_Angel_(1985_film)=Angel Killer II - La vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Years_Before_the_Mast_(film)=I forzati del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O.S.S._(film)=Eroi nell'ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whispering_Smith=Smith il taciturno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Key_(1942_film)=La chiave di vetro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_like_Me:_Life_After_Death=Dead Like Me - La vita dopo la morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugs_Bunny's_Looney_Christmas_Tales=Bugs Bunny: Le pazze storie di Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deal_(2008_film)=Love Shooting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_the_Elusive_Avengers=Novye priključenija neulovimych
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crown_of_the_Russian_Empire,_or_Once_Again_the_Elusive_Avengers=Korona Rossijskoj imperii, ili snova neulovimye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinbad:_Beyond_the_Veil_of_Mists=Sinbad - Un'avventura di spada e magia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Montana:_The_Movie=Hannah Montana: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry:_Blast_Off_to_Mars=Tom & Jerry: Rotta su Marte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phffft=Phffft... e l'amore si sgonfia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_for_the_Show=Mia moglie preferisce suo marito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_(film)=Hugo Cabret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muriel_(film)=Muriel, il tempo di un ritorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_(film)=Berkeley (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Dreams=Shanghai Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vento_del_sud=Vento del Sud (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Strangers_in_Rome=3 straniere a Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sting_of_Death=L'aculeo della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audace_colpo_dei_soliti_ignoti=Audace colpo dei soliti ignoti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_(1990_film)=Stella (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_bell'Antonio=Il bell'Antonio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboy_(1958_film)=Cowboy (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Pete's_Sake_(film)=Ma chi te l'ha fatto fare?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_on_the_Beach=La donna della spiaggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boston_Strangler_(film)=Lo strangolatore di Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vexille=Vexille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_(film)=Vera (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Den_of_Lions=Sotto massima copertura - Den of Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombie_Holocaust=Zombi Holocaust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Takes_a_Sailor=The Lady Takes a Sailor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Notorious_Landlady=L'affittacamere (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Yum_Yum_Tree=Sotto l'albero yum yum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Last_Man_(1933_film)=To the Last Man (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberta_(1935_film)=Roberta (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Mambo=Millennium Mambo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flower_of_Evil_(film)=Il fiore del male (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Minute=The Last Minute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stone_Killer=L'assassino di pietra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1871_(film)=1871 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Agent=Nazi Agent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Affairs_of_Martha=The Affairs of Martha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Ideas=Young Ideas (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Want_for_Christmas_(film)=Caro Babbo Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobacco_Road_(film)=La via del tabacco (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Smart_People=La taverna dei quattro venti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Letter_for_Evie=Una lettera per Eva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Seconds=Two Seconds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Town_(film)=Un giorno a New York (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kickboxer_2=Kickboxer 2 - Vendetta per un angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Wedding_(1981_film)=Bodas de sangre - Nozze di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Amor_brujo_(1986_film)=L'amore stregone (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy,_the_Boy_Wonder=Jimmy, the Boy Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knockin'_on_Heaven's_Door_(1997_film)=Knockin' on Heaven's Door (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Who_Must_Die=Colui che deve morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_(1959_film)=La legge (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_(1982_film)=Annie (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Two_Crocodiles=Come due coccodrilli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_the_Yukon=La via dell'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erreway:_4_caminos=Erreway: 4 caminos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia's_Run=La corsa di Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiao_Wu=Xiao Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darling_(2007_Indian_film)=Darling (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_the_Umpire=Kill the Umpire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jail_Breakers=Gwangbokjeol teuksa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marrying_the_Mafia=Gamun-ui yeonggwang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outwitting_Dad=Outwitting Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey's_Birthday=Casey's Birthday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Building_a_Fire=Building a Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Won_a_Ranch=He Won a Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Particular_Cowboys=The Particular Cowboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Cider=Good Cider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_May_It_Wave=Long May It Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Boss%3F=Who's Boss?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kidnapped_Bride=The Kidnapped Bride (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Farm=Back to the Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentlemen_Prefer_Blondes_(1928_film)=I signori preferiscono le bionde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trap_(1922_film)=Primavera nordica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gore_Gore_Girls=The Gore Gore Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Resurrection=Dark Resurrection - Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heima=Heima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_from_a_Stranger_(1937_film)=L'ora del supplizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weary_Willie's_Rags=Weary Willie's Rags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patlabor_2:_The_Movie=Patlabor 2: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Von_Richthofen_and_Brown=Il Barone Rosso (film 1971)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matchmaker_(1958_film)=Bella, affettuosa, illibata cercasi...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Heaven_Fell=Gli amanti del chiaro di luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauvaise_Graine=Amore che redime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_J._Rufus_Wallingford=The New Adventures of J. Rufus Wallingford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_He_Forgot=What He Forgot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaghetti_a_la_Mode=Spaghetti a la Mode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gus_and_the_Anarchists=Gus and the Anarchists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cupid's_Target=Cupid's Target
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoddy_the_Tailor=Shoddy the Tailor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_the_Wilderness_Family=La grande avventura (film 1975)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Swing=Ritmi a scuola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Christmas_(film)=This Christmas - Natale e altri guai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Diary=Il diario del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Friend_the_Rat=Il tuo amico topo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Choice=Her Choice (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_May_Be_You=It May Be You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Baby=Poor Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Much_Force=Not Much Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hibiscus_Town=Fu rong zhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Guru=Love Guru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cabin_in_the_Woods=Quella casa nel bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ape_(1976_film)=Super Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Victoria=The Young Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Crown=La corona di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Sun_of_Rome=Sotto il sole di Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Scoundrels_Men_Are!=Gli uomini, che mascalzoni...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Nickleby_(2002_film)=Nicholas Nickleby (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parachute_Jumper=Uomini nello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_(2009_animated_film)=9 (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clothes_Make_the_Man=Clothes Make the Man (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simp_and_the_Sophomores=The Simp and the Sophomores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_Fishermen=Song of the Fishermen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sticky_Affair=A Sticky Affair (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Too_Many_(1916_film)=One Too Many (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_Royal=The Battle Royal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lottery_Man=The Lottery Man (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_and_Higher_(film)=Il denaro non è tutto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Warm_Reception=A Warm Reception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Shriek_in_the_Night=A Shriek in the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_All_Murderers=Siamo tutti assassini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Worry,_I'm_Fine=Je vais bien, ne t'en fais pas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Neon_Bible_(film)=Serenata alla luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Years_(film)=Anni verdi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cupid's_Rival=Cupid's Rival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Millionaire_(1917_film)=The Millionaire (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knave_of_Hearts_(film)=Le amanti di Monsieur Ripois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goat_(1917_film)=The Goat (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fly_Cop=The Fly Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chief_Cook=The Chief Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Candy_Kid=The Candy Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hobo=The Hobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pest_(1917_film)=The Pest (film 1917 Gillstrom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Band_Master_(1917_film)=The Band Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slave_(1917_comedy_film)=The Slave (film 1917 Gillstrom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_for_Ladies=Service for Ladies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deep_End_of_the_Ocean_(film)=In fondo al cuore (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_on_the_Pin-Up_Boys=Kkonminam yeonswae tereosageon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marley_&_Me_(film)=Io & Marley (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ugly_Swans_(film)=Gadkie lebedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Dinosaur=King Dinosaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Tarantos=Con odio e con amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Damned_(1963_film)=Hallucination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_(1918_film)=The Stranger (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Day_Out=His Day Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loss_of_a_Teardrop_Diamond=L'amore impossibile di Fisher Willow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genghis_Khan_(1965_film)=Gengis Khan il conquistatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Witness=I Witness - La verità uccide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orderly=The Orderly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scholar_(film)=The Scholar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Messenger_(1918_film)=The Messenger (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Successful_Calamity=Una famiglia 900
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_of_the_Mobile_Hot_Shots=La poiana vola sul tetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Definitely,_Maybe=Certamente, forse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_April_Fools=Sento che mi sta succedendo qualcosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stowaway_in_the_Sky=Le voyage en ballon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Down_Below_(1957_film)=Fuoco nella stiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_You_(1998_film)=I Want You (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Substitute_2:_School's_Out=L'ora della violenza 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Moon_(film)=Half Moon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Head_Waiter=Ridolini cameriere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Days_in_Paris=2 giorni a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_in_Black_3=Men in Black 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stage_Hand=Ridolini inserviente teatrale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sign_of_Venus=Il segno di Venere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Lear_(1987_film)=King Lear (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_the_13th_(2009_film)=Venerdì 13 (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Bad_She's_Bad=Peccato che sia una canaglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Steps_in_the_Clouds=4 passi fra le nuvole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody's_Woman=La signora di tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blizzard_(1921_film)=The Blizzard (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poveri_ma_belli=Poveri ma belli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ab-normal_Beauty=Ab-normal Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Show_(1922_film)=Ridolini al varietà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pair_of_Kings_(film)=Ridolini granduca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf_(film)=Golf (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortune's_Mask=Fortune's Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Pleasure=Amore bendato (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Red_Flowers=La guerra dei fiori rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Chevalier=Hotel Chevalier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_Picasso=Il mistero Picasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scaramouche_(1923_film)=Scaramouche (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encounters_at_the_End_of_the_World=Encounters at the End of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pajama_Game_(film)=Il giuoco del pigiama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelion:_1.0_You_Are_(Not)_Alone=Evangelion: 1.0 You Are (Not) Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail_Mary_(film)=Je vous salue, Marie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torpedo_Run=Inferno sul fondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adoration_(2008_film)=Adoration (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Client_(1994_film)=Il cliente (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kibera_Kid=Kibera Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_Edwin_Drood_(1993_film)=The Mystery of Edwin Drood (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elite_Squad=Tropa de Elite - Gli squadroni della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stick_Around_(film)=Stick Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isn't_Life_Terrible%3F=Isn't Life Terrible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Charity_(film)=Sweet Charity - Una ragazza che voleva essere amata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Priests=Prêtres interdits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonneville_(film)=Quel che resta di mio marito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes,_Yes,_Nanette=Yes Yes Nanette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Should_Sailors_Marry%3F=Should Sailors Marry?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Uninvited_(2009_film)=The Uninvited (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_(film)=Stelle (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Enfants_Terribles_(film)=I ragazzi terribili (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fistful_of_Fingers=A Fistful of Fingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wandering_Papas=Wandering Papas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sostiene_Pereira=Sostiene Pereira (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Organizer=I compagni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_X=Ben X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cassandra_Cat=C'era una volta un gatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Chief_Pepe=Il commissario Pepe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tragic_Hunt=Caccia tragica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fierce_People_(film)=Gioventù violata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viimne_reliikvia=Viimne reliikvia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Mystery=Madame Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Guard_(1997_film)=Il cavaliere di Lagardère (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Fliv_the_King=Long Fliv the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante_01=Dante 01
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_Came_Auntie=Along Came Auntie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_like_a_Fox_(1926_film)=La volpe della risata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bromo_and_Juliet=Bromo and Juliet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Your_Age=Be Your Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nickel-Hopper=The Nickel-Hopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deliberate_Stranger=Il mostro (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_I_Spent_the_End_of_the_World=Cum mi-am petrecut sfârșitul lumii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Average_Little_Man=Un borghese piccolo piccolo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Mattatore=Il mattatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend,_Italian_Style=L'ombrellone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelion:_2.0_You_Can_(Not)_Advance=Evangelion: 2.0 You Can (Not) Advance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagon_Master=La carovana dei mormoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_of_the_Sabretooth=Primal Park - Lo zoo del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dillinger_Is_Dead=Dillinger è morto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Million_Dollar_Duck=Un papero da un milione di dollari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluttering_Hearts=Fluttering Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gentle_Sex=Sesso gentile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_vedovo=Il vedovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickory_Hiram=Hickory Hiram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whose_Zoo%3F=Whose Zoo?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoney_Photos=Phoney Photos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huns_and_Hyphens=Huns and Hyphens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Place_Like_Jail=No Place Like Jail (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventeen_Years_(film)=Diciassette anni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandal_in_Sorrento=Pane, amore e...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bears_and_Bad_Men=Bears and Bad Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Rambling_Along=Just Rambling Along
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Love_Your_Wife%3F=Do You Love Your Wife?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hustling_for_Health=Hustling for Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoot_Mon!=Hoot Mon!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Religulous=Religiolus - Vedere per credere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugarfoot_(film)=Sugarfoot (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_and_the_Gray_(miniseries)=Il grigio e il blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixed_Nuts_(1922_film)=Mixed Nuts (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Rat=Brother Rat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Bombs=Sotto le bombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvarez_Kelly=Alvarez Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Overcoat_(1952_film)=Il cappotto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Egg_(film)=The Egg (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weak-End_Party=The Weak-End Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pest_(1922_film)=The Pest (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Knights_Were_Cold=When Knights Were Cold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Handy_Man_(1923_film)=The Handy Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Noon_Whistle=The Noon Whistle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_California=Alla scoperta di Charlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He's_Just_Not_That_Into_You_(film)=La verità è che non gli piaci abbastanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Wings=White Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Two_Jags=Under Two Jags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pick_and_Shovel=Pick and Shovel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collars_and_Cuffs=Collars and Cuffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_or_Cure_(1923_film)=Kill or Cure (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas_and_Air_(film)=Gas and Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oranges_and_Lemons_(film)=Oranges and Lemons (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cujo_(film)=Cujo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Push_(2009_film)=Push (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siege_of_the_Saxons=L'avventuriero di re Artù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_the_City_(film)=Sex and the City (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_from_Plains=Jimmy Carter Man from Plains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Child's_Cry_for_Help=Un bambino chiede aiuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Haunted_House=Ghost Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prehistoric_Women_(1967_film)=Femmine delle caverne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry-Go-Round_(1923_film)=Donne viennesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Them_for_Me_(film)=Baciala per me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowball_Express=Pistaaa... arriva il gatto delle nevi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Orders=Short Orders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_About_Town=A Man About Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roughest_Africa=Roughest Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozen_Hearts=Frozen Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Truth_(1923_film)=The Whole Truth (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_the_Ship=Save the Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soilers=Gli sporcaccioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gates_of_Paris_(film)=Quartiere dei Lillà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Woman=L'ultima donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genealogies_of_a_Crime=Genealogia di un crimine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Role_Models=Role Models
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_the_Daisy_Said=What the Daisy Said
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceland_(film)=Tra le nevi sarò tua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betrayal_(1983_film)=Tradimenti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn_in_Opposition=Saturno contro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_You're_Born_You_Can_No_Longer_Hide=Quando sei nato non puoi più nasconderti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulysses_(1954_film)=Ulisse (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorching_Sands=Scorching Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother's_Joy=Mother's Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_(1998_film)=Aprile (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithy_(1924_film)=Smithy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postage_Due=Postage Due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeb_vs._Paprika=Zeb vs. Paprika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_Under_the_Chin=Brothers Under the Chin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Near_Dublin=Near Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_of_Hee_Haw=Rupert of Hee Haw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wide_Open_Spaces_(1924_film)=Wide Open Spaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Kilts=Kilt corti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandarin_Mix-Up=Mandarin Mix-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detained_(film)=Detained
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Don't_Care=Monsieur Bocher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_of_Hot_Dog=West of Hot Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_(film)=Jo e il gazebo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underworld_U.S.A.=La vendetta del gangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_in_Wrong=Somewhere in Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twins_(1925_film)=Twins (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pie-Eyed=Pie-Eyed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snow_Hawk=The Snow Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navy_Blue_Days=Navy Blue Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleuth_(film)=The Sleuth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_a_Man_(film)=Half a Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_the_World_Coming_To%3F=What's the World Coming To?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_'Em_Young=Get 'Em Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Front_Page=On the Front Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speer_und_Er=Speer e Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeing_the_World=Seeing the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_People_Fucking=Young People Fucking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve's_Love_Letters=Eve's Love Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Should_Tall_Men_Marry%3F=Should Tall Men Marry?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Altar=At the Altar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Sharkey's_Last_Game=Bill Sharkey's Last Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curtain_Pole=The Curtain Pole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Drunkard's_Reformation=A Drunkard's Reformation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fools_of_Fate=Fools of Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hessian_Renegades=The Hessian Renegades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_World_(1998_film)=Il mondo perduto (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vice_Versa_(1948_film)=Vice versa (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonely_Villa=The Lonely Villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercy_(1995_film)=Tutto per mia figlia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_I_Love=Ya Lyublyu Tebya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delirious_(2006_film)=Delirious - Tutto è possibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Flip=Mr. Flip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Man's_View=The Red Man's View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Awful_Hats=Those Awful Hats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Dollie=The Adventures of Dollie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Many_Years_(1908_film)=After Many Years (film 1908)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macbeth_(1908_film)=Macbeth (film 1908)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescued_from_an_Eagle's_Nest=Rescued from an Eagle's Nest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocent_Sorcerers=Ingenui perversi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_with_Closed_Shutters=The House with Closed Shutters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrebato=Arrebato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentleman_Joe_(film)=Gentleman Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Border_States=In the Border States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unchanging_Sea=The Unchanging Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona_(1910_film)=Ramona (film 1910)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Mother's_Son=Any Mother's Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alkali_Ike's_Auto=Alkali Ike's Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop_Dead_Sexy=Dead Sexy - Bella da morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Gay_Sequel:_Gays_Gone_Wild!=Another Gay Sequel: Gays Gone Wild!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongol_(film)=Mongol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celluloide=Celluloide (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_(1911_film)=The Battle (film 1911)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Boundaries=La tragedia di Harlem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Scream_(1990_film)=Un giorno nella vita (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_the_Lost_World=Ritorno al mondo perduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_and_Me=Vincent et moi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dream_of_Jeannie..._Fifteen_Years_Later=Strega per amore - 15 anni dopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Trust_Fulfilled=His Trust Fulfilled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Trust=His Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonedale_Operator=The Lonedale Operator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandma's_Boy_(1922_film)=Il talismano della nonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_in_Heaven=Follia (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jungle_Book:_Mowgli's_Story=Mowgli e il libro della giungla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transylvania_(film)=Transylvania (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Gentry=Ruby, fiore selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_and_the_Fiddle_(film)=Il gatto e il violino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chan_in_London=Il nemico invisibile (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magistrate_(1959_film)=Il magistrato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Question_of_Honour=Una questione d'onore (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roaring_Years=Gli anni ruggenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Shall_We_Do_with_Our_Old%3F=What Shall We Do with Our Old?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Daughters_of_Eve=Two Daughters of Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Richest_Girl_in_the_World_(1934_film)=La ragazza più ricca del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Traffic_Policeman=Il vigile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_(2001_film)=Hotel (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Time_Is_It%3F_(film)=Che ora è
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Girls_from_Rome=Le ragazze di piazza di Spagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movers_&_Shakers=Dinosauri a colazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Women_(2008_film)=The Women (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superhero_Movie=Superhero - Il più dotato fra i supereroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Android_Apocalypse=Android Apocalypse - La rivolta degli androidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Feud_in_the_Kentucky_Hills=A Feud in the Kentucky Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_She_Loved=The One She Loved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_Year_One_(film)=Batman: Year One (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Painted_Lady=The Painted Lady (film 1912)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine:_John_Lennon=Imagine: John Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Terror=The Final Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reform_School_Girls=Scuola di buone maniere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jane_Austen_Book_Club_(film)=Il club di Jane Austen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/According_to_Greta=Greta (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_and_Glitter=Gold and Glitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brutality_(film)=Brutality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Hero_(1912_film)=My Hero (film 1912)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bread,_Love_and_Jealousy=Pane, amore e gelosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burglar's_Dilemma=The Burglar's Dilemma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_Within=The God Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_of_Avellaneda=Luna de Avellaneda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Warrior=Iron Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Friends_(film)=Three Friends (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Telephone_Girl_and_the_Lady=The Telephone Girl and the Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirate_Gold_(1913_film)=Pirate Gold (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vengeance_(1958_film)=Ho giurato di ucciderti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Adventure_in_the_Autumn_Woods=An Adventure in the Autumn Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Misappropriated_Turkey=A Misappropriated Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Darkness_(2007_Canadian_film)=L'età barbarica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_(1913_film)=Brothers (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallowed_Ground_(film)=Hallowed Ground (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Chance_Deception=A Chance Deception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_an_Apartment_Hotel=Love in an Apartment Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrong_Bottle=The Wrong Bottle (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Ways=Broken Ways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl's_Stratagem=A Girl's Stratagem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unwelcome_Guest=The Unwelcome Guest (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Near_to_Earth=Near to Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Squaw_Man_(1931_film)=Naturich la moglie indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Happens_in_Vegas=Notte brava a Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine_That_(film)=Immagina che
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Still_Dream_of_Jeannie=Ancora strega per amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sheriff's_Baby=The Sheriff's Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hero_of_Little_Italy=The Hero of Little Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Frightful_Blunder=A Frightful Blunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_of_Heaven_(film)=Ai confini del paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_We_Only_Knew=If We Only Knew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanderer_(1913_film)=The Wanderer (film 1913 Biograph)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stolen_Loaf=The Stolen Loaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dangerous_Foe=A Dangerous Foe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ranchero's_Revenge=The Ranchero's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hicks_Defies_the_World=Red Hicks Defies the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Well_(1913_film)=The Well (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Switch_Tower=The Switch Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gamble_with_Death=A Gamble with Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sorrowful_Shore=The Sorrowful Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enemy's_Baby=The Enemy's Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mistake_(film)=The Mistake (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gambler's_Honor=A Gambler's Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vengeance_of_Galora=The Vengeance of Galora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Love_Forgives=When Love Forgives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Shadow_of_the_Law=Under the Shadow of the Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Men_of_the_Desert=Two Men of the Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crook_and_the_Girl=The Crook and the Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_White_(1913_film)=Black and White (film 1913 Henderson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Modest_Hero=A Modest Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tender-Hearted_Crook=A Tender-Hearted Crook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madonna_of_the_Storm=Madonna of the Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stopped_Clock=The Stopped Clock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Detective's_Stratagem=The Detective's Stratagem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_for_Science=All for Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_at_Elderbush_Gulch=The Battle at Elderbush Gulch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deaths_of_Ian_Stone=Le morti di Ian Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youth_in_Revolt_(film)=Youth in Revolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Paradise_(1953_film)=Samoa (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_I'll_Find_You=Incontro a Bataan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Countess_(film)=La contessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meetin'_WA=Meetin' WA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garage_(film)=Garage (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abandoned_Well=The Abandoned Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nest_Unfeathered=A Nest Unfeathered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Father's_Silent_Partner=Her Father's Silent Partner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Free_World...=In questo mondo libero...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_in_the_Desert=Spada nel deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_It_Happened=As It Happened
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cupid_Angling=Cupid Angling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/27_Dresses=27 volte in bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Money_(film)=3 donne al verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangkok_Love_Story=Bangkok Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_a_Home_(film)=Yadosagashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier(s)=Frontiers - Ai confini dell'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_of_the_Arrow=La tortura della freccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shehar_Aur_Sapna=Shehar Aur Sapna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_comunidad_(film)=La comunidad - Intrigo all'ultimo piano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_City_(film)=En la ciudad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graft_(1915_serial)=Graft (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Love_(1916_film)=Secret Love (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shameless_Old_Lady=Una vecchia signora indegna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Juggler_(film)=I perseguitati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singh_Is_Kinng=Singh Is Kinng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Rambow=Son of Rambow - Il figlio di Rambo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_Brady_(film)=Growing Up Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violated_Angels=Angeli violati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus,_Thongs_and_Perfect_Snogging=La mia vita è un disastro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Falcons_(film)=I falchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_Zen_II=Sex and Zen 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_(1916_film)=Guilty (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Money_(1917_film)=Blood Money (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timecrimes=Timecrimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outlaw_and_the_Lady=The Outlaw and the Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soul_Herder=Il pastore di anime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheyenne's_Pal=Il compagno di Cheyenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Shooting=Centro!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Man=L'uomo segreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Marked_Man=Un uomo segnato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_All_over_Me=Walk All Over Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_Riders=I cavalieri fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thieves'_Gold=L'oro dei ladri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Drop=La goccia scarlatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman's_Fool=Inganno di donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Mounted_Men=Tre uomini a cavallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roped=Preso al laccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outcasts_of_Poker_Flat_(1919_film)=I proscritti di Poker Flat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tammy_and_the_Bachelor=Tammy fiore selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gun_Fightin'_Gentleman=Pistola contro gentiluomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marked_Men_(1919_film)=Uomini segnati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'If_Only'_Jim=Jim il minatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Gaddaar=Johnny Gaddaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_and_Cinnamon=Dillo con parole mie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Brother_Is_an_Only_Child=Mio fratello è figlio unico (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hair_Show=Hair Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overland_Red=Overland Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Rage=Blood Rage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yudh_(film)=Yudh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventureland_(film)=Adventureland (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deewangee=Deewangee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_Proof_(1920_film)=Bullet Proof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Stuff=Human Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Streak_McCoy=Blue Streak McCoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Is_West_(1920_film)=West Is West (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Freeze-Out=Sbaragliare la concorrenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Watched_Trains_Go_By=Illusione (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Suram_Fortress=La leggenda della fortezza di Suram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Blade_in_the_Dark=La casa con la scala nel buio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_in_Indiana=Due donne e un purosangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fox_(1921_film)=The Fox (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centennial_Summer=Bellezze rivali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrifying_Girls'_High_School:_Lynch_Law_Classroom=Terrifying Girls' High School: Lynch Law Classroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'argent_des_autres=I soldi degli altri (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singles_2nd_Ward=The Singles 2nd Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Matter_of_Loaf_and_Death=Questione di pane o di morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tex_(film)=Un ragazzo chiamato Tex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_of_Brooklyn=Anna di Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happened_in_the_Park=Villa Borghese (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_the_Line_(2008_film)=Crossing the Line (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canyon_of_the_Fools=Il canyon dei pazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crashin'_Thru=Crashin' Thru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Madcap=Il grande teschio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identification_of_a_Woman=Identificazione di una donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Panda_Adventure=Il piccolo panda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flaming_Forties=The Flaming Forties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Sanderson=Silent Sanderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Journey=A Little Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers'_Kiss=Lovers' Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_(film)=Marty, vita di un timido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trail_of_'98=La sete dell'oro (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparrows_(1926_film)=Passerotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_(2006_film)=Sisters (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ich_suche_Dich=La vita nelle tue mani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vagabond_King_(1956_film)=Il re vagabondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Ordinary_Miracle_(1978_film)=Un miracolo ordinario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Femme_Musketeer=Musketeers - Moschettieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Water_(film)=L'eau froide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaanam_Samjha_Karo=Jaanam Samjha Karo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otello_(1986_film)=Otello (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Traviata_(1983_film)=La traviata (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Animal_World_(film)=Il mondo è meraviglioso (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Farewell_to_Arms_(1932_film)=Addio alle armi (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stink_of_Flesh=The Stink of Flesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben's_Kid=Ben's Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Voice_from_the_Deep=A Voice from the Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till_the_End_of_Time_(film)=Anime ferite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminator_Salvation=Terminator Salvation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Lover=Goodbye Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legally_Blondes=Ufficialmente bionde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_No_Evil_(1971_film)=Terrore cieco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleeders_(film)=Hemoglobin - Creature dell'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notorious_(2009_film)=Notorious B.I.G. (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie_as_the_Island_Princess=Barbie principessa dell'isola perduta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help!_Help!_Hydrophobia!=Help! Help! Hydrophobia!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alas!_Poor_Yorick!=Alas! Poor Yorick!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Loving_Father=Aime ton père
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.U._(film)=N. U. - Nettezza urbana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Sized=Una reginetta molto speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passions,_He_Had_Three=Passions, He Had Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peeping_Pete=Peeping Pete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bandit=A Bandit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_a_Rescue=Almost a Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Band_Played_On_(film)=Guerra al virus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_the_Affair_(1999_film)=Fine di una storia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canvas_(2006_film)=La vela strappata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Love_We_Trust=In Love We Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Boss_Guerilla=Girl Boss Guerilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatty_and_the_Heiress=Fatty and the Heiress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_(2010_film)=Robin Hood (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Naked_in_the_World=Va nuda per il mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weeping_for_a_Bandit=I cavalieri della vendetta (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leading_Lizzie_Astray=Leading Lizzie Astray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatty's_Faithful_Fido=Fatty's Faithful Fido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatty's_Plucky_Pup=Fatty's Plucky Pup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Bill_(film)=Buffalo Bill (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I._Joe:_The_Rise_of_Cobra=G.I. Joe - La nascita dei Cobra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Counterfeiters_(2007_film)=Il falsario - Operazione Bernhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bigamist_(1953_film)=La grande nebbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulag_(film)=Gulag 77
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DP75:_Tartina_City=Tartina City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Reckless_Romeo=A Reckless Romeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rough_House=La casa tempestosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Wedding_Night=La sua notte di nozze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Doctor!=Oh Doctor!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Country_Hero=A Country Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Creeping_Flesh=Il terrore viene dalla pioggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Ice=I diamanti dell'ispettore Klute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_(2007_film)=Earth - La nostra Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Scrap_of_Paper=A Scrap of Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonshine_(1918_film)=Chiaro di luna (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror's_Advocate=L'avvocato del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_(1935_film)=Shanghai (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Stooges_(2012_film)=I tre marmittoni (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Guerrilla_in_the_Philippines=I guerriglieri delle Filippine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans-Europ-Express_(film)=Trans-Europ-Express (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hayseed=Il rustico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_It_Up_(film)=Turn It Up (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_of_the_Stranger=Sword of the Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilometer_Zero_(film)=Nulevoj kilometr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_of_Evil=Il volto della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fast_Freight=The Fast Freight (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Balance=La spiata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Spartans=3ciento - Chi l'ha duro... la vince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_of_Your_Dreams=La niña dei tuoi sogni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_End_of_the_Line=Amore in linea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicotina=Nicotina (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_(2004_film)=Control (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Christmas_(2000_film)=Felicidades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winky's_Horse=Il desiderio di Winky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_at_St._Anna=Miracolo a Sant'Anna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gasoline_Gus=Fatty petroliere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Majesty_Minor=Sa Majesté Minor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry:_A_Nutcracker_Tale=Tom & Jerry e la favola dello schiaccianoci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dawn_Patrol_(1938_film)=Missione all'alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sainted_Devil=Notte nuziale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_Rides_Out_(film)=The Devil Rides Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Holiday=Un nuovo marito per mamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich,_Young_and_Pretty=Ricca, giovane e bella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cowboy_and_the_Lady_(1938_film)=La dama e il cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adulthood_(film)=Adulthood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimes_of_Fashion=Crimini con stile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Earth_to_the_Moon_(film)=Dalla Terra alla Luna (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Dielman,_23_quai_du_Commerce,_1080_Bruxelles=Jeanne Dielman, 23, quai du Commerce, 1080 Bruxelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prey_for_Rock_&_Roll=Prey for Rock & Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Hours_to_Rama=9 ore per Rama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquest_(1983_film)=Conquest (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palermo_Shooting=Palermo Shooting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scapegoat_(1959_film)=Il capro espiatorio (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ambassador_(1984_American_film)=I guerrieri del vento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Informers_(2008_film)=The Informers - Vite oltre il limite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Steve=A proposito di Steve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You'll_Get_Over_It=À cause d'un garçon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Human_Bondage_(1946_film)=Schiavo d'amore (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_My_Name=Ricorda il mio nome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozen_(2007_film)=Frozen (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/23_Paces_to_Baker_Street=23 passi dal delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_but_the_Truth_(2008_American_film)=Una sola verità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_in_Wonderland=Christmas in Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_(2006_film)=Fuga dall'Inferno - L'altra dimensione dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fighting_Dude=The Fighting Dude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Belong_to_Me_(1941_film)=Tu m'appartieni (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Mill_(film)=The Red Mill (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Delivery_(1927_film)=Il postino (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insanitarium=Insanitarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammoth_(2009_film)=Mammoth (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thunder_of_Drums=I trecento di Fort Canby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enchantment_(1948_film)=Fuga nel tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wackness=Fa' la cosa sbagliata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vatel_(film)=Vatel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shutter_Island_(film)=Shutter Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice-Told_Tales_(film)=L'esperimento del dottor Zagros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saphead=Lo sciocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sin_of_Harold_Diddlebock=Meglio un mercoledì da leone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sisterhood_of_the_Traveling_Pants_2=4 amiche e un paio di jeans 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Who_Dared=Dieci uomini coraggiosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Tracy_(1945_film)=Dick Tracy (film 1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Greyfriars_Bobby=The Adventures of Greyfriars Bobby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagle_and_the_Hawk_(1933_film)=L'aquila e il falco (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_(1993_film)=Victor (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Black=Off the Black - Gioco forzato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crusoe_(film)=Robinson Crusoe - La storia vera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_Wars_(film)=Guerre di robot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Wife's_Relations=I genitori di mia moglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blacksmith=Il maniscalco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Girl=La ragazza del bacio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Image_Makers=Bildmakarna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_Plain=The Burning Plain - Il confine della solitudine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilsa,_the_Tigress_of_Siberia=La tigre del sesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Is_Winky's_Horse%3F=Che fine ha fatto il cavallo di Winky?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frozen_North=Il nord ghiacciato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electric_House=La casa elettrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_Dreams_(1922_film)=Sogni ad occhi aperti (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Balloonatic=Il matto sul pallone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Prisoner=Prigioniera d'amore (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Zoo=Sinfonia di morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esmeralda_(1905_film)=Esmeralda (film 1905)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durian_Durian=Durian Durian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Life_(film)=Haryu-insaeng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanders_of_the_River=Bozambo, il gigante nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_X_(1916_film)=Madame X (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Girl_Should_Be_Married=Ogni ragazza vuol marito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Eye_for_an_Eye_(1966_film)=An Eye for an Eye (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BloodRayne:_The_Third_Reich=BloodRayne: The Third Reich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romance_of_Tarzan=The Romance of Tarzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogie_Woogie_(film)=Tradire è un'arte - Boogie Woogie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireproof_(film)=Fireproof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_X_(1920_film)=Madame X (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_X_(1929_film)=Madame X (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Seiya:_Legend_of_Sanctuary=I Cavalieri dello zodiaco - La leggenda del Grande Tempio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_X_(1966_film)=Madame X (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buona_Sera,_Mrs._Campbell=Buonasera, signora Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bye_Bye_Braverman=Addio Braverman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Strummer:_The_Future_Is_Unwritten=Il futuro non è scritto - Joe Strummer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangover_Square_(film)=Nelle tenebre della metropoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Monk's_Tale=The Old Monk's Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulda_of_Holland=Hulda of Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wandering_Swordsman=The Wandering Swordsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Runs_the_Park=Willie Runs the Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Nuts=Just Nuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutant_Chronicles_(film)=Mutant Chronicles (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfhound_(2006_film)=Wolfhound (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_Kiss=Bacio mortale (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Eye=Eagle Eye (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spit-Ball_Sadie=Spit-Ball Sadie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terribly_Stuck_Up=Terribly Stuck Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mixup_for_Mazie=A Mixup for Mazie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Baby=Some Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_I_Hang=Prima che mi impicchino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Train_from_Gun_Hill=Il giorno della vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good-bye,_My_Lady_(film)=Addio, lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_One_(film)=Anno uno (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenge_to_Lassie=Il ritorno di Lassie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Tell_Me_What_You_Want=Dimmi quello che vuoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaolin_Girl=Shaolin Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coupe_de_Ville_(film)=Coupé de ville (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_from_the_Farm=Fresh from the Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giving_Them_Fits=Giving Them Fits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bughouse_Bellhops=Bughouse Bellhops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinkering_with_Trouble=Tinkering with Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_While_It_Lasted=Great While It Lasted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragtime_Snap_Shots=Ragtime Snap Shots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fugitive_Kind=Pelle di serpente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Foozle_at_the_Tee_Party=A Foozle at the Tee Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruses,_Rhymes_and_Roughnecks=Ruses, Rhymes and Roughnecks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peculiar_Patients'_Pranks=Peculiar Patients' Pranks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Luke,_Social_Gangster=Lonesome Luke, Social Gangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Luke_Leans_to_the_Literary=Lonesome Luke Leans to the Literary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Lugs_Luggage=Luke Lugs Luggage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Luke_Lolls_in_Luxury=Lonesome Luke Lolls in Luxury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke,_the_Candy_Cut-Up=Luke, the Candy Cut-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_otro_lado=Al otro lado (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child's_Play_(1972_film)=Spirale d'odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Doctor_(film)=L'incubo del passato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Impudent_Girl=L'effrontée - Sarà perché ti amo?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Street_(film)=Amore d'altri tempi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winning_of_Barbara_Worth=Fiore del deserto (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Lantern_(film)=Lanterna Verde (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_(1940_film)=Incontro senza domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Hill_(film)=Joe Hill (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Foils_the_Villain=Luke Foils the Villain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_and_the_Rural_Roughnecks=Luke and the Rural Roughnecks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Pipes_the_Pippins=Luke Pipes the Pippins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Luke,_Circus_King=Lonesome Luke, Circus King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke's_Double=Luke's Double
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Them_Was_the_Happy_Days!=Them Was the Happy Days!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_and_the_Bomb_Throwers=Luke and the Bomb Throwers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke's_Late_Lunchers=Luke's Late Lunchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Laughs_Last=Luke Laughs Last
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke's_Fatal_Flivver=Luke's Fatal Flivver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke's_Society_Mixup=Luke's Society Mixup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke's_Washful_Waiting=Luke's Washful Waiting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Rides_Roughshod=Luke Rides Roughshod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rainbow=Arcobaleno nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_of_Your_Life_(film)=I giorni della vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Square_(film)=Washington Square - L'ereditiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_(2007_film)=12 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_Guys_Don't_Dance_(film)=I duri non ballano (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_Cleaning=Sunshine Cleaning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandrake_the_Magician_(serial)=Mandrake the Magician (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Armstrong_(serial)=Jack Armstrong (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Adams_(miniseries)=John Adams (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Jealousy=Mr. Jealousy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reader_(2008_film)=The Reader - A voce alta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_and_Doris=Bernard & Doris - Complici amici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand-In=Ed ora... sposiamoci!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Came_Along=Incontro nei cieli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turn_in_the_Road=La svolta della strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fellini:_I'm_a_Born_Liar=Federico Fellini: Sono un gran bugiardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfer,_Dude=Surfer, Dude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macabre_(1958_film)=Macabro (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptune's_Daughter_(1949_film)=La figlia di Nettuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Times_(film)=Tempi migliori (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auntie's_Portrait=Auntie's Portrait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Relations=Parenti poveri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jack-Knife_Man=L'uomo dal coltello a serramanico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Kind_of_Woman=Quel tipo di donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peg_o'_My_Heart_(1922_film)=Peg del mio cuore (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shopworn_Angel=The Shopworn Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lissi_und_der_wilde_Kaiser=Lissy - Principessa alla riscossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Gull=Il gabbiano (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Love_(2004_drama_film)=Primo amore (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_(1986_film)=Power - Potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Capture_(film)=All'alba giunse la donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Wise_Fools_(1923_film)=Tre pazzi saggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happiness_(1924_film)=Felicità (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wine_of_Youth=Il vino della giovinezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Town's_Talking=Tutta la città ne parla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thug_Life_(film)=Thug Life (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Hour=La sua ora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genghis_Khan:_To_the_Ends_of_the_Earth_and_Sea=Genghis Khan - Il grande conquistatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Many_Husbands=Troppi mariti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Uncertain_Feeling_(film)=Quell'incerto sentimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horror_Hospital=Diario proibito di un collegio femminile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Apollo_(film)=Il prigioniero (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nati_stanchi=Nati stanchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinny_Tiger,_Fatty_Dragon=Shou hu fei long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_the_Child=The Voice of the Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_Mad_(1908_film)=Money Mad (film 1908)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balked_at_the_Altar=Balked at the Altar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopelessly_Lost=Un ragazzo perduto - Le avventure di Huckleberry Finn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_for_Conquest=La città del peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadfall_(1968_film)=Passo falso (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondo_New_York=Mondo New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Minister=The Little Minister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_the_Border=Return to the Border
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Halfway_House=The Halfway House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wife_of_the_Centaur=La moglie del centauro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cabin_in_the_Cotton=Tentazioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proud_Flesh_(film)=Orgoglio (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Agent_Super_Dragon=New York chiama Superdrago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Legion_(film)=Legione nera (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_the_Moon=Spara alla luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Earth=L'uomo che venne dalla Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_&_Norah's_Infinite_Playlist=Nick & Norah - Tutto accadde in una notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_for_Each_Other_(1939_film)=Ritorna l'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonball_Evolution=Dragonball Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_Miss_Manton=Il terzo delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Want_to_Sleep_Alone=I don't want to sleep alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daughters_of_Darkness=La vestale di Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Chumley=Stranezze di un miliardario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chill_Factor_(film)=Chill Factor - Pericolo imminente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Conversation_with_Gregory_Peck=A Conversation with Gregory Peck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Patsy_(1928_film)=Fascino biondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_ragazza_di_Bube_(film)=La ragazza di Bube (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kiss_in_the_Tunnel=The Kiss in the Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westward_Ho_the_Wagons!=Carovana verso il West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XxxHolic:_A_Midsummer_Night's_Dream=XxxHOLiC - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpongeBob's_Atlantis_SquarePantis=SpongeBob e l'amuleto di Atlantide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild,_Wild_Planet=I criminali della galassia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke,_Crystal_Gazer=Luke, Crystal Gazer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke's_Lost_Lamb=Luke's Lost Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Does_the_Midway=Luke Does the Midway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Joins_the_Navy=Luke Joins the Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_and_the_Mermaids=Luke and the Mermaids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_(2008_film)=Twilight (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke's_Speedy_Club_Life=Luke's Speedy Club Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_and_the_Bang-Tails=Luke and the Bang-Tails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke,_the_Chauffeur=Luke, the Chauffeur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke's_Preparedness_Preparations=Luke's Preparedness Preparations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke,_the_Gladiator=Luke, the Gladiator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke,_Patient_Provider=Luke, Patient Provider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Lose_Friends_&_Alienate_People_(film)=Star System - Se non ci sei non esisti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_for_One_More_(film)=C'è posto per tutti (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Detective=Mad Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke's_Newsie_Knockout=Luke's Newsie Knockout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke's_Movie_Muddle=Luke's Movie Muddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke,_Rank_Impersonator=Luke, Rank Impersonator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke's_Fireworks_Fizzle=Luke's Fireworks Fizzle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke's_Shattered_Sleep=Luke's Shattered Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Locates_the_Loot=Luke Locates the Loot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Luke's_Lovely_Rifle=Lonesome Luke's Lovely Rifle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke's_Lost_Liberty=Luke's Lost Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke's_Busy_Day=Luke's Busy Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke's_Trolley_Troubles=Luke's Trolley Troubles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Luke,_Lawyer=Lonesome Luke, Lawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Wins_Ye_Ladye_Faire=Luke Wins Ye Ladye Faire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Luke's_Lively_Life=Lonesome Luke's Lively Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Luke_on_Tin_Can_Alley=Lonesome Luke on Tin Can Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Luke's_Honeymoon=Lonesome Luke's Honeymoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Luke,_Plumber=Lonesome Luke, Plumber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop!_Luke!_Listen!=Stop! Luke! Listen!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Luke,_Messenger=Lonesome Luke, Messenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Luke,_Mechanic=Lonesome Luke, Mechanic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Luke's_Wild_Women=Lonesome Luke's Wild Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiscreet_(1931_film)=Indiscreet (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Fence_(1917_film)=Over the Fence (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Luke_Loses_Patients=Lonesome Luke Loses Patients
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinched=Pinched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Sad_Sea_Waves=By the Sad Sea Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_of_a_Feather_(1917_film)=Birds of a Feather (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bliss_(1917_film)=Bliss (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Laramie_to_London=From Laramie to London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_Laughs_and_Lather=Love, Laughs and Lather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flirt=The Flirt (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clubs_Are_Trump=Clubs Are Trump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fog_Over_Frisco=Nebbia a San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Limits_of_Control=The Limits of Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fool's_Gold_(2008_film)=Tutti pazzi per l'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Dingus_Magee=Dingus, quello sporco individuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Never_Sleep_(film)=We Never Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_On_(1917_film)=Move On (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bashful_(film)=Bashful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_Lively_(1917_film)=Step Lively (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Idea_(1917_film)=The Big Idea (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tip=The Tip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lamb_(1918_film)=The Lamb (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_Him_Again=Hit Him Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_It_(film)=Beat It (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gasoline_Wedding=A Gasoline Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Pleasant,_Please=Look Pleasant, Please
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Come_the_Girls_(1918_film)=Here Come the Girls (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Jump=On the Jump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_the_Crowd_(film)=Follow the Crowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipe_the_Whiskers=Pipe the Whiskers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dadnapped=Un papà da salvare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_in_the_Garden_of_Good_and_Evil_(film)=Mezzanotte nel giardino del bene e del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Day_in_the_Morning=L'alba del gran giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Violets=Purple Violets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_There!=Hey There!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Non-Stop_Kid=The Non-Stop Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two-Gun_Gussie=Two-Gun Gussie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireman_Save_My_Child_(1918_film)=Fireman Save My Child (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_Slicker=The City Slicker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_the_Gent_(film)=Jimmy il gentiluomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sic_'Em,_Towser=Sic 'Em, Towser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_in_Turkey=Somewhere in Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_Crooks_Dishonest%3F=Are Crooks Dishonest?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Ozark_Romance=An Ozark Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kicking_the_Germ_Out_of_Germany=Kicking the Germ Out of Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_and_Gloom_(film)=Bride and Gloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Scrambled=Two Scrambled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bees_in_His_Bonnet=Bees in His Bonnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_Your_Partners=Swing Your Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Certain_Woman=Vivo per il mio amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Worst_Movie=Best Worst Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_Love_(1947_film)=Canto d'amore (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truce_(1997_film)=La tregua (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brotherhood_of_Satan=The Brotherhood of Satan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_in_the_World_(film)=Un posto nel mondo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_(film)=Adolphe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Arrow_(1936_film)=Mogli di lusso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_but_Trouble_(1918_film)=Nothing but Trouble (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saraband_for_Dead_Lovers=Sarabanda tragica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Love_I'm_After=Avventura a mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hear_'Em_Rave=Hear 'Em Rave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Chance_(1918_film)=Take a Chance (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Loves_Me_Not_(1918_film)=She Loves Me Not (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Constant_Factor=La costante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immortal_Sergeant=Il sergente immortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutant_(film)=Mutant (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strike_(2006_film)=Strajk - Die Heldin von Danzig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zus_&_Zo=Zus & Zo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divided_We_Fall_(film)=Divisi si perde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Roi_danse=Le roi danse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Office_(film)=Urząd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Prison=Pink Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_End_(film)=Senza fine (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Meeting=L'uomo proibito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going!_Going!_Gone!=Going! Going! Gone!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Fire=On the Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Bride=Vorrei sposare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamboat_(film)=Primo peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Peabody_and_the_Mermaid=Il signore e la sirena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_of_Life_(1995_film)=Poussières de vie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Things_Fair=Passioni proibite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedd_Wyn_(film)=Hedd Wyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ox_(film)=Il bue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Nature=Figli della natura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paw_(film)=Paw (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Village_on_the_River=Il villaggio sul fiume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_a_Year_Long=La strada lunga un anno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltzing_Regitze=Ballando con Regitze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angry_Harvest=Raccolto amaro (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wartime_Romance=Romanzo del tempo di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camila_(film)=Camilla - Un amore proibito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alsino_and_the_Condor=Alsino e il condor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muddy_River_(film)=Il fiume di fango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boat_Is_Full=La barca è piena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bizalom=La fiducia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Simple_Story_(1978_film)=Una donna semplice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maids_of_Wilko=Le signorine di Wilko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Bim_Black_Ear=Bim bianco dall'orecchio nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarians_(film)=Ungheresi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nights_and_Days=Notti e giorni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_the_Liar_(1975_film)=Jakob il bugiardo (film 1975)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandakan_No._8=Sandokan numero 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_from_Marusia=Actas de Marusia: storia di un massacro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truce_(1974_film)=La tregua (film 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cats'_Play=Giochi di gatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You_Rosa=I Love You Rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tchaikovsky_(film)=Una pioggia di stelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_in_the_Fields=Pace nei campi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoa-Binh_(film)=Sciuscià nel Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_on_My_Way_(film)=I'm on My Way (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Out_Below=Look Out Below
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dutiful_Dub=The Dutiful Dub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Aisle_Over=Next Aisle Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sammy_in_Siberia=A Sammy in Siberia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Dropped_In=Just Dropped In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Mr._Jazz=Young Mr. Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crack_Your_Heels=Crack Your Heels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharij=Kharij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Kells=The Secret of Kells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_the_Conqueror=Gli invasori (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Go_Near_the_Water_(film)=Alla larga dal mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_from_Eternity=Ritorno dall'eternità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_Karamazov_(1969_film)=I fratelli Karamazov (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_with_the_Pistol=La ragazza con la pistola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boys_of_Paul_Street=I ragazzi della via Paal (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_of_Chieko=Ritratto di Chieko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bewitched_Love=L'amore stregone (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(1965_film)=Tre (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharaoh_(film)=Il faraone (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_John_(1964_film)=Il mio caro John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_on_the_Land=Sangue sulla terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven's_End=Borgata del borgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Sisters_of_Kyoto=Koto (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Lanterns=Frine e le compagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tlayucan=Tlayucan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immortal_Love=Amore immortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_and_the_Butler=Harry og kammertjeneren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ninth_Circle=Nono cerchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tie_Xi_Qu:_West_of_the_Tracks=Il distretto di Tiexi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Center=Al centro dell'uragano (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saw_V=Saw V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_Up_the_Curtain=Ring Up the Curtain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Si,_Senor=Si, Senor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_Breakfast=Before Breakfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marathon_(film)=The Marathon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pistols_for_Breakfast=Pistols for Breakfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swat_the_Crook=Swat the Crook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Trolley=Off the Trolley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Fever_(1919_film)=Spring Fever (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phone_Call_from_a_Stranger=Telefonata a tre mogli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa's_Delicate_Condition=Quella strana condizione di papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Blazes,_Esq.=Billy Blazes, Esq.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Neighbors=Just Neighbors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Old_Stage_Door=At the Old Stage Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Touched_Me=Never Touched Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Jazzed_Honeymoon=A Jazzed Honeymoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Your_Change=Count Your Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chop_Suey_&_Co.=Chop Suey & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heap_Big_Chief=Heap Big Chief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Shove=Don't Shove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_My_Wife_(1919_film)=Be My Wife (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Leads,_Others_Follow=He Leads, Others Follow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soft_Money_(film)=Soft Money (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_the_Votes=Count the Votes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pay_Your_Dues=Pay Your Dues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Only_Father=His Only Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bumping_into_Broadway=Amore e Poesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Kidd's_Kids=Captain Kidd's Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Hand_to_Mouth=From Hand to Mouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Royal_Slyness=Il regno di Tulipatan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Eastern_Westerner=Aroldo e i cowboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunny_O'Hare=Provaci ancora mamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Empty_Canvas=La noia (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Time_for_Comedy=Non è tempo di commedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_to_Handle_(film)=L'affare si complica (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_Over_(film)=Crossing Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Stranger=Colpevole innocente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterland_(film)=Waterland - Memorie d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Tell_Your_Wife=Always Tell Your Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raffles_(1930_film)=Raffles (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raffles_(1939_film)=Raffles (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Rewind=Video Rewind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Sin=Agente segreto al servizio di madame Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirque_du_Freak:_The_Vampire's_Assistant=Aiuto vampiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Front_Page_Woman=Miss prima pagina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loin_(film)=Lontano (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Columbus_(1949_film)=Cristoforo Colombo (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(1954_film)=Cime tempestose (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Little_Whorehouse_in_Texas_(film)=Il più bel casino del Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_with_a_Gun=Il pistolero di Dio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_House=Hell's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ex-Lady=Ex-Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Strangers=L'idolo cinese (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Were_Strangers=Stanotte sorgerà il sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinful_Davey=La forca può attendere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Walk_with_Love_and_Death=Di pari passo con l'amore e la morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asylum_(1997_film)=Asylum (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodom_and_Gomorrah_(1922_film)=Sodom und Gomorrha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PVC-1=PVC-1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bureau_of_Missing_Persons=Bureau of Missing Persons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scientific_Cardplayer=Lo scopone scientifico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_the_Down_Staircase_(film)=Su per la discesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_of_Honor=Un amore di testimone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conquest_of_the_Pole=À la conquête du Pole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brotherhood_(1968_film)=La fratellanza (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wunschkonzert=Concerto a richiesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Life=La vita sospesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_51=Planet 51
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Brother-in-Law_Killed_My_Sister=Mon beau-frère a tué ma soeur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kiss_Before_Dying_(1956_film)=Giovani senza domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Goes_the_Neighborhood_(film)=Caccia al tesoro (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Wonderland_(2010_film)=Alice in Wonderland (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Call_of_Youth=The Call of Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_trouble=Agent trouble - L'ultima corsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Menace=La minaccia (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copacabana_(1947_film)=Copacabana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashions_of_1934=Le armi di Eva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_from_10th_Avenue=The Girl from 10th Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Agent_(1935_film)=Il grande nemico (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_Island_(film)=La figlia del pirata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figures_in_a_Landscape_(film)=Caccia sadica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_of_Destruction_(film)=Priorità assoluta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ritz_(film)=Il vizietto americano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awakening_(1980_film)=Alla 39ª eclisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baron_of_Arizona=Il barone dell'Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Must_Do_Our_Best=We Must Do Our Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concert_of_Requests=Koncert życzeń
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catacombs_(2007_film)=Catacombs - Il mondo dei morti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Boomerang=Love's Boomerang (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/17_Again_(film)=17 Again - Ritorno al liceo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Found_(film)=Paradise Found
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewster's_Millions_(1914_film)=Brewster's Millions (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_of_Angels=La grande peccatrice (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fast_Sword=Furia gialla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaal=Kāla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_and_the_Pauper_(1937_film)=Il principe e il povero (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullets_or_Ballots=Le belve della città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrid_Zone=Zona torrida (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dawning=L'irlandese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Slept_Here=Mia moglie ha sempre ragione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Only_Son_(1914_film)=The Only Son (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_on_the_Box=The Man on the Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodsworth_(film)=Infedeltà (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_of_the_Marines=C'è sempre un domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_Gotham_Knight=Batman: Il cavaliere di Gotham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Boys_of_the_Road=Selvaggi ragazzi di strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scanners_II:_The_New_Order=Scanners 2 - Il nuovo ordine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westward_the_Women=Donne verso l'ignoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_for_Sale_(film)=Eroi in vendita (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scanners_III:_The_Takeover=Scanners 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Tom_Sawyer_(1938_film)=Le avventure di Tom Sawyer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scanner_Cop=Scanner Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scanners:_The_Showdown=Scanner Cop II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Miss_Broadway=L'idolo di Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Call_of_the_North_(1914_film)=The Call of the North (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_His_Name=What's His Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footsteps_in_the_Fog=I perversi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trancers_III=Il potere della mente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Lovers_(2008_film)=Two Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Dance_(film)=Buffalo Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nijinsky_(film)=Nijinsky (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Moonacre=Moonacre - I segreti dell'ultima luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Pie_(film_series)=American Pie (serie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Girls_1_Cup=2 Girls 1 Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mail_Order_Bride_(1964_film)=Ad ovest del Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Home_(1914_film)=The Man from Home (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Home_(1922_film)=The Man from Home (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_of_the_Rancho=La rosa del Rancho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Breaker_(1914_film)=The Ghost Breaker (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_of_the_Golden_West_(1915_film)=La fanciulla del West (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Five=After Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warrens_of_Virginia_(1915_film)=The Warrens of Virginia (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unafraid=The Unafraid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Captive_(1915_film)=The Captive (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arab_(1915_film)=The Arab (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Dolittle:_Tail_to_the_Chief=Il dottor Dolittle 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Past_Midnight=Le mani della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan's_Magic_Fountain=Tarzan e la fontana magica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Slave_Girl=Tarzan e le schiave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan's_Peril=Tarzan sul sentiero di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan's_Savage_Fury=La furia di Tarzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_She-Devil=Tarzan e i cacciatori d'avorio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan's_Hidden_Jungle=Tarzan e la giungla proibita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Land=L'isola del jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sniper_(2009_film)=The Sniper (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimmie_Fadden=Chimmie Fadden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kindling_(film)=Kindling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_(1915_Cecil_B._DeMille_film)=Carmen (film 1915 DeMille)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimmie_Fadden_Out_West=Chimmie Fadden Out West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation_(1915_film)=Temptation (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Chance=The Golden Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trail_of_the_Lonesome_Pine_(1936_film)=Il sentiero del pino solitario (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trail_of_the_Lonesome_Pine_(1916_film)=The Trail of the Lonesome Pine (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_Nora_Flynn=The Heart of Nora Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_Girl_(film)=The Dream Girl (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_the_Woman=Giovanna d'Arco (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Romance_of_the_Redwoods=A Romance of the Redwoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_American=The Little American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Independent_Life=Una vita indipendente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Puppetmaster_(film)=Il maestro burattinaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_(2004_film)=Nick e la renna che non sapeva volare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Van_(1996_film)=Due sulla strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Loved_Yngve=Mannen som elsket Yngve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Send_Me_No_Flowers=Non mandarmi fiori!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_God_Forgot=L'ultima dei Montezuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nan_of_Music_Mountain=Nan of Music Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil-Stone=The Devil-Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner_of_Shark_Island=Il prigioniero dell'isola degli squali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World's_Greatest_Lover=Il più grande amatore del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whispering_Chorus=The Whispering Chorus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attention!_Bandits!=Achtung! Banditi!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbiamo_vinto!=Abbiamo vinto!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Net=Imputazione omicidio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hide_and_Go_Shriek=Doppio delitto (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Criminal_Code=Codice penale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Love_or_Money_(1963_film)=Per soldi o per amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyone_Off_to_Jail=Tutti in carcere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hands_of_Orlac_(1924_film)=Le mani dell'altro (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pride_of_St._Louis=The Pride of St. Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Willie_Comes_Marching_Home=Bill sei grande!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Wore_Tights=Come nacque il nostro amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Wives_for_New=Old Wives for New
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Can't_Have_Everything=We Can't Have Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Squaw_Man_(1918_film)=The Squaw Man (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Take_This_Woman_(1940_film)=Questa donna è mia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Take_This_Woman_(1931_film)=Per una donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Is_Parsifal%3F=C'è qualcosa di strano in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unprecedented_Defence_of_the_Fortress_Deutschkreuz=La difesa esemplare della fortezza di Deutschkreutz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precautions_Against_Fanatics=Provvedimenti contro i fanatici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_(film)=Pronti a tutto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parnell_(film)=Parnell (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_Planet=Il pianeta fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Change_Your_Husband=Perché cambiate marito?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Better,_for_Worse_(1919_film)=For Better, for Worse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Human_Bondage_(1964_film)=Schiavo d'amore (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gate_II:_Trespassers=Non aprite quel cancello 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Lopez_Presents:_Como_Ama_una_Mujer=Como ama una mujer (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murders_in_the_Rue_Morgue_(1971_film)=I terrificanti delitti degli assassini della via Morgue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Change_Your_Wife%3F=Perché cambiate moglie?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_to_Think_About=Something to Think About
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Fruit_(1921_film)=Il frutto proibito (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Affairs_of_Anatol=Fragilità, sei femmina!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fool's_Paradise_(film)=Paradiso folle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Christmases=Tutti insieme inevitabilmente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crank:_High_Voltage=Crank: High Voltage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_Lola_Wants_(film)=Whatever Lola Wants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tommyknockers_(miniseries)=The Tommyknockers - Le creature del buio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceiling_Zero=Brume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Girl_(1942_film)=Ragazza cinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Were_You_When_the_Lights_Went_Out%3F=Che cosa hai fatto quando siamo rimasti al buio?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Barker's_Killer_Brood=La famiglia assassina di Ma Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_6_Ultra_Brothers_vs._the_Monster_Army=The 6 Ultra Brothers vs. the Monster Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callas_Forever=Callas Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cult_of_the_Cobra=Il culto del cobra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_City=Paura su Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangman's_Knot=Il nodo del carnefice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_The_Force_Awakens=Star Wars: Il risveglio della Forza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_from_Iwo_Jima=Lettere da Iwo Jima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resident_Evil:_Degeneration=Resident Evil: Degeneration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Doll_House=Sesso in gabbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_(1922_film)=La coppia ideale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manslaughter_(1922_film)=La corsa al piacere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam's_Rib_(1923_film)=Adam's Rib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_(1924_film)=Il trionfo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feet_of_Clay_(1924_film)=Anime nel turbine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Bed=Il letto d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Yesterday=La strega di York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadflower=Gli scorpioni (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_the_Earth_Stood_Still_(2008_film)=Ultimatum alla Terra (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Back=Walking Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drive_a_Crooked_Road=Il terrore corre sull'autostrada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_of_This_Earth_(1988_film)=Not of This Earth (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furnace_(film)=La prigione maledetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarantulas:_The_Deadly_Cargo=Tarantulas: il volo della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_the_Shark=Le fils du requin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Next_Door_(2007_film)=La ragazza della porta accanto (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_Rider_(2008_film)=Knight Rider (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_It_to_the_Bone=Incontriamoci a Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ro.Go.Pa.G.=Ro.Go.Pa.G.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachna_Ae_Haseeno=Bachna Ae Haseeno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dishonored_Lady=Disonorata (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_on_Telegraph_Hill=Ho paura di lui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trio_(film)=Trio (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30,000_Leagues_Under_the_Sea=30,000 Leagues Under the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_(1981_film)=Amy (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheetah_(1989_film)=Un ghepardo per amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyborg_2087=Cyborg anno 2087 - Metà uomo, metà macchina... programmato per uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Quentin_(1937_film)=San Quentin (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Light_(1937_film)=La luce verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Winkle_Goes_to_War=Mister Winkle va alla guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scrapper=L'attaccabrighe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Craving_(1918_film)=The Craving (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_and_One_Nights_(1945_film)=Notti d'oriente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Best_Friend's_Girl_(2008_film)=La ragazza del mio migliore amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sambizanga_(film)=Sambizanga (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_a_String_(film)=La vita appesa a un filo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Entrepreneur=L'industriale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pure_Formality=Una pura formalità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasers=Una bionda sotto scorta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rustlers_(1919_film)=The Rustlers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coachman_(film)=Mabu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozen_River=Frozen River - Fiume di ghiaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Damned_United=Il maledetto United (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naruto_Shippuden_the_Movie:_Bonds=Naruto Shippuden - Il maestro e il discepolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeder=Zeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Cottage=Christmas Cottage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansel_and_Gretel_(2007_film)=Hansel e Gretel (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Pals=Amici per la pelle (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Baby_(film)=My Baby (film 1912)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Misunderstood_Boy=A Misunderstood Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_When_We_Meet_(film)=Noi due sconosciuti (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_and_the_Mouse=The Lady and the Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Darkness=The House of Darkness (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stingaree_(1934_film)=Stingari il bandito sentimentale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Break_(film)=Fast Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirage_(1965_film)=Mirage (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Gold=Just Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Timely_Interception=A Timely Interception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mothering_Heart=The Mothering Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/During_the_Round-Up=During the Round-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Indian's_Loyalty=An Indian's Loyalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_in_the_Ultimate=A Woman in the Ultimate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Runs_the_Way=So Runs the Way (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conscience_of_Hassan_Bey=The Conscience of Hassan Bey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_the_Sexes_(1914_film)=Donna che ama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quicksands=The Quicksands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Fighter:_The_Legend_of_Chun-Li=Street Fighter - La leggenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rebellion_of_Kitty_Belle=La ribellione di Kitty Belle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_from_a_Sombre_Empire=Echi da un regno oscuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enoch_Arden_(1915_film)=Enoch Arden (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lily_and_the_Rose=Il giglio e la rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathways_of_Life=Pathways of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daphne_and_the_Pirate=Daphne e i pirati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empties=Vuoti a rendere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thick_as_Thieves_(2009_film)=The Code (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Thing_in_Life=La fanciulla che cerca amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Romance_of_Happy_Valley=Il romanzo della Valle Felice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Heart_Susie=Amore sulle labbra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Question=Il grande problema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Sister_(1923_film)=La suora bianca (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_of_Terror=Il pianeta del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Fears_in_Public_Places_(film)=Cuori (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_(1982_film)=Passion (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_and_Elsewhere=Ici et ailleurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romola_(film)=Romola (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_You're_in_Love_(film)=Amanti di domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nim's_Island=Alla ricerca dell'isola di Nim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_on_the_High_Seas=Amore sotto coperta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dream_Is_Yours=Musica per i tuoi sogni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wee_Willie_Winkie_(film)=Alle frontiere dell'India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Letter_(1926_film)=La lettera scarlatta (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enemy_(1927_film)=The Enemy (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_(2009_film)=Brothers (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_(film)=Il sogno di Robin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_Love=Death in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam's_Song=Sam's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Kill_Uncle=Gioco mortale (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maiden_Heist=The Maiden Heist - Colpo grosso al museo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Each_His_Own_Cinema=Chacun son cinéma - A ciascuno il suo cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splice_(film)=Splice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Big_(1932_film)=So Big!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_O'Rourke=Sua Altezza è innamorata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Competition_(1915_film)=Competition (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_Reckoning_(film)=The Day of Reckoning (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Mary=Mountain Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Sunday=Every Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drawing_the_Line_(film)=Drawing the Line (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trasgredire=Tra(sgre)dire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Has_Bodhi-Dharma_Left_for_the_East%3F=Perché Bodhi Dharma è partito per l'Oriente?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashanti_(1979_film)=Ashanti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predator_(franchise)=Predator (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wayward_Bus_(film)=Fermata per 12 ore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_to_Remain_Silent=The Right to Remain Silent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appointment_with_Danger=Il cerchio di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/15_August_(2001_film)=15 agosto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_to_Live_For_(film)=Perdonami se ho peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Snow_(film)=Nu ren si shi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallant_Journey=L'ultimo orizzonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Day's_a_Holiday_(1937_film)=Every Day's a Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_Trip=La Classe de neige (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cencoroll=Cencoroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratatouille_(film)=Ratatouille (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Cinderella_Story=Another Cinderella Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coverup=The Coverup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Stupid_Man=You Stupid Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath_the_12-Mile_Reef=Tempeste sotto i mari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Largo_Winch_(film)=Largo Winch (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_of_the_Range=Pride of the Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Brothers_(film)=The Two Brothers (film 1910)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Superintendent=The New Superintendent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Only_Son=His Only Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shotgun_Jones=Shotgun Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mass_Is_Ended=La messa è finita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_Also_Rises_(1957_film)=Il sole sorgerà ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_the_East=The Man from the East (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckshot_John=Buckshot John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_in_Town=New in Town (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We'll_Meet_Again_(2002_film)=Ci incontreremo ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_Sky=Nora Roberts - Montana Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanna_(film)=Suzanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raggedy_Rose=Raggedy Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Rides=Viva! Viva Villa!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doubt_(2008_film)=Il dubbio (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Texas=The Man from Texas (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ring_of_Destiny=The Ring of Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stingaree_(serial)=Stingaree (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_Oberwald=Il mistero di Oberwald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_(2007_film)=Angel - La vita, il romanzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spider's_Stratagem=Strategia del ragno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Water_Nymph=The Water Nymph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_He_Gave_Up=Why He Gave Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel's_Lovers=Mabel's Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel's_Adventures=Mabel's Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Name_of_the_Pope_King=In nome del Papa Re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flirting_Husband=The Flirting Husband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Coney_Island=At Coney Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loch_Ness_Terror=Lochness - Il risveglio del mostro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_to_Midnight=Dieci minuti a mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_dejar_rastros=Sin dejar rastros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Buddies=Supercuccioli sulla neve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_and_a_Day_(1943_film)=Per sempre e un giorno ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Connecticut_Yankee_in_King_Arthur's_Court_(1949_film)=La corte di re Artù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abilene_Town=I predoni della città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lodger_(1944_film)=Il pensionante (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Placid_2=Lake Placid 2 - Il terrore continua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Seduction_(film)=Jag-eob-ui jeongseok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_on_the_Wire=The Voice on the Wire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headin'_South=Douglas e gli avvoltoi del Sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_and_the_Pirate=Il pirata e la principessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Midnight_Flyer=The Midnight Flyer (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoebe_in_Wonderland=Phoebe in Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercule_et_Sherlock=8 zampe di guai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger,_Go_Slow=Danger, Go Slow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Class_(2007_film)=Klass (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_of_the_Sun=Buio oltre il sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigadoon_(film)=Brigadoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moment_After=The Moment After - Sparizioni misteriose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chan_in_Egypt=Il segreto delle piramidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireworks_Wednesday=Chaharshanbe Suri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immortal_Alamo=The Immortal Alamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lone_Hand_(1919_film)=The Lone Hand (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Can_Take_It!=London Can Take It!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gun_Runners=Agguato nei Caraibi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Blade=Princess Blade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Patch_(film)=Giustizia senza legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chan's_Secret=L'ora che uccide (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godfather_(film_series)=Il padrino (serie di film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chan_at_the_Circus=Il terrore del circo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chan_at_the_Race_Track=La freccia avvelenata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Alibi=Alibi e sospetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macbeth_(1916_film)=Macbeth (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krantiveer=Krantiveer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Tent_(film)=La tenda rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tipped_Off=Fuori combattimento (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Chamade_(film)=La Chamade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiefland_(film)=Terra bassa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Our_Merry_Way=La strada della felicità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Crooked_Mirrors=Korolevstvo krivych zerkal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Letter_(1999_film)=La lettera (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chan_at_the_Opera=Il pugnale scomparso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Life_and_Death=City of Life and Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Voice_You_Hear...=La prossima voce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Ordinary_Miracle_(1964_film)=Obyknovennoe čudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accused_(1949_film)=Delitto senza peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prem_Qaidi=Prem Qaidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Farewell_to_Arms_(1957_film)=Addio alle armi (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_prima_notte_di_quiete=La prima notte di quiete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_Her_Dead_Body=La sposa fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Days_in_One_Year=Nove giorni in un anno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_the_Water=Trouble the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Helen_Morgan_Story=Quando l'amore è romanzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Terrible_Beauty_(film)=I cospiratori (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Chabert_(1994_film)=Il colonnello Chabert (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation_Harbour=Il porto delle tentazioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(1970_film)=Cime tempestose (film 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Break_(2001_film)=Lucky Break (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfaithfully_Yours_(1984_film)=Un'adorabile infedele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otello_(1906_film)=Otello (film 1906)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Don't_Leave=Gli uomini della mia vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolate_(2008_film)=Chocolate (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Golden_Pond_(1981_film)=Sul lago dorato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurlyburly_(film)=Bugie, baci, bambole & bastardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_of_Passion_(1957_film)=Delitto senza scampo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrestler_(2008_film)=The Wrestler (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Statue_of_Liberty_(film)=The Statue of Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Used_People=La vedova americana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stowaway_(1936_film)=Cin Cin (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Without_a_Country_(1917_film)=The Man Without a Country (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Million_Dollar_Mystery=The Million Dollar Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Change_of_Seasons_(film)=In amore si cambia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nest_(1988_film)=The Nest (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loving_Couples_(1980_film)=Quattro passi sul lenzuolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torso_(1973_film)=I corpi presentano tracce di violenza carnale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Revenge_(1921_film)=Dolce vendetta (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kickaroo=Kickaroo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fightin'_Fury=The Fightin' Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_o'_Luck=Out o' Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merry_Widow_(1934_film)=La vedova allegra (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merry_Widow_(1952_film)=La vedova allegra (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Cowboys=King of the Cowboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reprise_(film)=Reprise (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Electric_Mist=L'occhio del ciclone - In the Electric Mist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lazarus_Project=Lazarus Project - Un piano misterioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killjoy_(2000_film)=Killjoy - Il clown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bliss_of_Mrs._Blossom=La ruota di scorta della signora Blossom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Rounds_(film)=12 Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Man_in_Africa=Alla ricerca dello stregone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beating_the_Game=Beating the Game (film 1921 Kohlmar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliens_in_the_Attic=Alieni in soffitta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banning_(film)=Il club degli intrighi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicle_of_a_Death_Foretold_(film)=Cronaca di una morte annunciata (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raging_Tide=La donna del porto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_on_It!_(film)=Step on It!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Things_of_Life=L'amante (film 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Galloping_Kid=Il cavalier Uragano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taras_Bulba_(2009_film)=Taras Bulba (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caller_(1987_film)=La morte avrà i suoi occhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Misbehaves=La bella imprudente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cisco_Pike=Per 100 chili di droga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_for_Margaret=Journey for Margaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Price_Above_Rubies=Il gioco dei rubini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Above_All_(film)=Sono un disertore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Movie=Nappeun yeonghwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moontide=Ondata d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hwa-Om-Kyung=Hwa-eomgyeong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tan_de_repente=All'improvviso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zee_and_Co.=X Y e Zi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Intrigue_(film)=Spionaggio internazionale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Shot_Patakango%3F=Who Shot Patakango?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartleby_(2001_film)=Bartleby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slumdog_Millionaire=The Millionaire (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thrill_Chaser=The Thrill Chaser (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Travelling_Players=La recita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floating_Clouds=Floating Clouds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hour_of_the_Furnaces=L'ora dei forni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_to_Live_and_the_Time_to_Die=A Time to Live, a Time to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Moment_of_Innocence=Pane e fiore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Clocks=La casa nel tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Baby=Manhattan Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Brilliant_Career_(film)=La mia brillante carriera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killshot_(film)=Killshot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Waters_(1944_film)=Acque scure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Rifle_(film)=La maschera di fango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-9:_P.I.=Un poliziotto a 4 zampe 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Foreman_Went_to_France=Audace avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Caesar_(film)=Piccolo Cesare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hexer_(film)=Wiedźmin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slumber_Party_Massacre_III=Slumber Party Massacre III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bribe=Corruzione (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Angels=Angeli o quasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wend_Kuuni=Wend Kuuni - Il dono di Dio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_(film)=Good - L'indifferenza del bene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Expectations_(1917_film)=Great Expectations (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_You_Tight_(film)=Hold You Tight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii,_Oslo=Hawaii, Oslo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perri_(film)=Perri (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandwich_(2006_film)=Sandwich (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Bohemian_(1912_film)=Az utolsó bohém
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captive_Souls=Rablélek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leather_Jacket_Love_Story=Leather Jacket Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colonel_(1917_film)=Az ezredes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Wishes_(film)=Tre desideri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahaani=Kahaani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_She-Creature=The She-Creature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Man_on_the_Mountain=La sfida del terzo uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labyrinth_of_Horror=Labyrinth des Grauens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Medardus=La congiura dei Valois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resident_Evil:_Afterlife=Resident Evil: Afterlife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pixar_Story=The Pixar Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Witch=The Good Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan's_Secret_Treasure=Il tesoro segreto di Tarzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptune's_Daughter_(1914_film)=Neptune's Daughter (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rising_of_the_Moon_(film)=Storie irlandesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Mermaid:_Ariel's_Beginning=La sirenetta - Quando tutto ebbe inizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalanche_(1923_film)=La valanga (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defiance_(2008_film)=Defiance - I giorni del coraggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nameless_(film)=Namenlos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_of_Israel=Schiava regina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genova_(2008_film)=Genova - Un luogo per ricominciare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._(film)=W.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Rue_Madeleine=Il 13 non risponde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Season_2=Boog & Elliot 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Zone_(film)=Green Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_a_Wicked_Woman=Cheonsa-yeo angnyeoga doera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War/Dance=War Dance (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transsiberian_(film)=Transsiberian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandslam=Bandslam - High School Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Doctor_X=Il ritorno del dottor X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bianco,_rosso_e_Verdone=Bianco, rosso e Verdone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appaloosa_(film)=Appaloosa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drifting_Clouds_(film)=Nuvole in viaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Life_of_Don_Juan=Le ultime avventure di Don Giovanni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Affirmative=L'amore senza ma...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_(1998_film)=Tueur à gages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutie_Honey_(film)=Cutie Honey (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Command=The Silent Command (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Gang_Follies_of_1938=Our Gang Follies of 1938
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Snake_of_June=A Snake of June
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sailor-Made_Man=Lupo di mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Distrait=Che carriera che si fa con l'aiuto di mammà!...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapoot=Sapoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trey_o'_Hearts=Tre di cuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_East_Is_East=Vendetta d'oriente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_the_City_Sleeps_(1928_film)=Mentre la città dorme (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kaiser,_the_Beast_of_Berlin=The Kaiser, the Beast of Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AVH:_Alien_vs._Hunter=AVH: Alien vs. Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Succo_(film)=Roberto Succo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_the_Saddle=Hit the Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Mesquiteers_(film)=The Three Mesquiteers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riders_of_the_Whistling_Skull=The Riders of the Whistling Skull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodthirsty_Butchers_(film)=Macellai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Empty_(2003_film)=Big Empty - Tradimento fatale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underworld:_Rise_of_the_Lycans=Underworld - La ribellione dei Lycans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giorgino=Giorgino (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Box_(serial)=The Black Box (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smilla's_Sense_of_Snow_(film)=Il senso di Smilla per la neve (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunchback_(1997_film)=The Hunchback (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_See_a_Dark_Stranger=Agente nemico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon's_Adam_&_Eve=Adam & Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Painted_Hills=L'oro delle montagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Monkey=Bloodmonkey - Le scimmie assassine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_Genius=Il diavolo sciancato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baader_Meinhof_Complex=La banda Baader Meinhof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Days_(2001_film)=100 Days (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_(serial)=Liberty (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_Ship=The Mystery Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gray_Ghost_(serial)=Il re dell'audacia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entr'acte_(film)=Entr'acte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Killer_(1933_film)=Lady Killer (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Owl_(film)=Grey Owl - Gufo grigio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Wellville_(film)=Morti di salute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozen_Stupid=Frozen Stupid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brass_Bullet=The Brass Bullet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_Wire=Man on Wire - Un uomo tra le Torri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lure_of_the_Circus=The Lure of the Circus (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutterballs_(film)=Gutterballs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Guy=Pugno di ferro (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_Riders_(serial)=I cavalieri della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boogie_Man_Will_Get_You=The Boogie Man Will Get You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Treasure_(film)=Il tesoro perduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Met_the_Walrus=I Met the Walrus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cougar_Club=Cougar Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swanee_River_(film)=Il canto del fiume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Days_of_Buffalo_Bill=Buffalo Bill (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_King=The River King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagle's_Talons=Gli artigli dell'aquila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oregon_Trail_(1923_serial)=The Oregon Trail (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquidation_(miniseries)=Likvidatsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Buck_Bunny=Big Buck Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taken_(film)=Io vi troverò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_of_Havana=East of Havana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Onion_Field_(film)=Il campo di cipolle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_of_Girlfriends_Past=La rivolta delle ex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_(2009_film)=The Road (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_of_Spades_(1949_film)=La donna di picche (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Management_(film)=Management - Un amore in fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sheep_Has_Five_Legs=Il montone a cinque zampe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Proud_and_the_Beautiful=Gli orgogliosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ages_of_Lulu=Le età di Lulù (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21_Days=Fatalità (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_the_World_(1934_film)=Der Herr der Welt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mandrake_(1965_film)=La mandragola (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Celestine_Prophecy_(film)=La profezia di Celestino (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You,_Beth_Cooper_(film)=Una notte con Beth Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shepherd:_Border_Patrol=The Shepherd - Pattuglia di confine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_&_Furious_(2009_film)=Fast & Furious - Solo parti originali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita_in_the_Wan-Nyan_Spacetime_Odyssey=Doraemon: Nobita no wan-nyan jikūden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boarding_Gate=Boarding Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Detective_(1968_film)=Inchiesta pericolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Mirth_(2000_film)=La casa della gioia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perils_of_Pauline_(1914_serial)=Le avventure di Paolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perils_of_Pauline_(1947_film)=La storia di Pearl White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Exploits_of_Elaine=The New Exploits of Elaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romance_of_Elaine=Transatlantic (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shielding_Shadow=The Shielding Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fatal_Ring=Il diamante della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Double_Cross=The Mystery of the Double Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Pearls=The Seven Pearls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Ruth=The Adventures of Ruth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bingo_Bongo=Bingo Bongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Age_of_Comedy=Cavalcata della risata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dusha=Anima (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_in_My_Crown_(film)=Stars in My Crown (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boots_Malone=La vita che sognava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_Enlightment=L'anno delle luci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ruins_(film)=Rovine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Pimpernel_(1982_film)=La primula rossa (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror_of_the_Range=Terror of the Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germinal_(1993_film)=Germinal (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giallo_(film)=Giallo (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Sand=Sotto la sabbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer's_Body=Jennifer's Body
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demons_in_the_Garden=I diavoli in giardino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Smart_Girls_Grow_Up=Le tre ragazze in gamba crescono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_and_Valentino=Moonlight & Valentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Nietzsche_Wept=When Nietzsche Wept
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daredevil_Jack=Daredevil Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_Foe=The Phantom Foe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_The_Clone_Wars_(film)=Star Wars: The Clone Wars (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heavenly_Body=Crepi l'astrologo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Is_a_Woman=L'homme est une femme comme les autres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oyster_Princess=La principessa delle ostriche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_Counting_the_Years=La mummia (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_and_Julia=Giulia e Giulia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Breed_Apart=Il nido dell'aquila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sister's_Keeper_(film)=La custode di mia sorella (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Songs_About_Lenin=Tre canti su Lenin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Beret=Berretti rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Pounds=Sette anime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Nurses_Find_Ecstasy=Maniac Nurses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver_and_Rio_Grande_(film)=La grande avventura del generale Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horsemen_(film)=The Horsemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_a_Tightrope=Salto mortale (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Stain_(film)=La macchia umana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_7th_Dawn=La settima alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedwig_and_the_Angry_Inch_(film)=Hedwig - La diva con qualcosa in più
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_the_Valiant_Knight_Ivanhoe=Ballada o doblestnom rycare Ajvengo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mute_Witness=Gli occhi del testimone (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clay_Pigeon=Bersaglio umano (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branded_(1950_film)=Il marchio di sangue (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuits_Rouges=Notti rosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sign_of_the_Ram=Il segno del capricorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Without_a_Face_(1928_serial)=L'uomo senza volto (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon's_Barely_Legal=Barely Legal - Doposcuola a luci rosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Tom_Edison=Tom Edison giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeti:_Curse_of_the_Snow_Demon=Yeti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Corn_Is_Green_(1945_film)=Il grano è verde (film 1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Doorway=Il passo del diavolo (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hills_of_Home_(film)=Casa mia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banana_Joe_(film)=Banana Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formula_of_Love=Formula dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_the_Submarine=Il segreto del sottomarino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Runner=The Scarlet Runner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rabe_(film)=John Rabe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unstrung_Heroes=Eroi di tutti i giorni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solitary_Fragments=La soledad (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Embryo_Hunts_in_Secret=Embrione (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madea_Goes_to_Jail=Madea Goes to Jail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Pants=Le sue ultime mutandine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_First_Flame=His First Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Boleyn_Girl_(2003_film)=The Other Boleyn Girl (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_of_Origin_(film)=Punto d'origine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_a_Man_Answers=Una sposa per due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamagotchi:_The_Movie=Tamagotchi - The Movie: Persi nello spazio!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davy_Crockett_and_the_River_Pirates=Davy Crockett e i pirati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foolish_Wives=Femmine folli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Dogs_(film)=Daddy Sitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/84_Charing_Cross_Road_(film)=84 Charing Cross Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Men=Soul Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Santa_Fe_Trail_(1923_film)=The Santa Fe Trail (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_of_the_Navy=Neal of the Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Carlo_(1930_film)=Montecarlo (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manners_of_Dying=Manners of Dying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_Seeing_You_(2004_film)=Un giorno ti vedrò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tight_Spot=Quarto grado (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fan_(1949_film)=Il ventaglio (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Circle_(serial)=The Red Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Neglected_Wife=The Neglected Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Town_(2008_film)=Ghost Town (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_on_the_Wild_Side_(film)=Anime sporche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Destination=The Final Destination 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Dark_House_(1963_film)=Il castello maledetto (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Win=Il mio uomo è una canaglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oriana_(film)=Oriana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_of_Sparrows=The Song of Sparrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_of_the_Fishmen=L'isola degli uomini pesce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Mafiamen_in_the_Far_West=Due mafiosi nel Far West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Bovary_(1991_film)=Madame Bovary (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hawk's_Trail=The Hawk's Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanishing_Trails=Vanishing Trails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filming_Othello=Girando Otello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_the_Grain=Cous cous (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Drive_by_Night_(1938_film)=They Drive by Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serious_Moonlight_(2009_film)=Serious Moonlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Will_Marry_Mary%3F=Who Will Marry Mary?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crimson_Stain_Mystery=The Crimson Stain Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_Case_of_Mary_Page=The Strange Case of Mary Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Man_and_the_Sea_(1958_film)=Il vecchio e il mare (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solino=Solino (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L:_Change_the_World=L change the WorLd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Your_Daddy%3F_(film)=American Party - Due gambe da sballo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandu_the_Magician_(film)=Chandu the Magician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_13=Bride 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parisette=Parisette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Secret=Il segreto nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody_Will_Speak_of_Us_When_We're_Dead=Nessuno parlerà di noi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie_&_the_Diamond_Castle=Barbie e il castello di diamanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cargo_200_(film)=Cargo 200
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Kane_(film)=Solomon Kane (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Mozart_des_pickpockets=Le Mozart des pickpockets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannibal_Apocalypse=Apocalypse domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cannibal_Man=L'appartamento del 13º piano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dorm_That_Dripped_Blood=The Dorm That Dripped Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Timber_Queen=The Timber Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Eagle_(1922_serial)=White Eagle (serial cinematografico 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_and_Dizzy=High and Dizzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anzio_(film)=Lo sbarco di Anzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transporter_3=Transporter 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Angel_(film)=Broken Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoodwinked_Too!_Hood_vs._Evil=Hoodwinked Too! Hood vs. Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_in_Cement=La signora nel cemento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trail_of_the_Octopus=The Trail of the Octopus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Diggers_of_1937=Amore in otto lezioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Specialist=La ragazza del Palio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossfire_Trail=Fuoco incrociato (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_(2009_live-action_film)=Nine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evil_Eye_(1920_serial)=The Evil Eye (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Screaming_Shadow=The Screaming Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Jungle_(serial)=King of the Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Backward=Destino trasversale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marius_and_Jeannette=Marius e Jeannette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Want_to_Fly=Volere volare (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitna_(film)=Fitna (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Miller_(film)=Daisy Miller (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Bullets_(1979_film)=Tiro incrociato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Hip_(film)=Colpo di scena (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gold_Diggers_(1923_film)=La casa delle 4 ragazze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Men_Are_Brothers_(film)=I sette guerrieri del Kung Fu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_One_Will_Play_with_Me=Nessuno vuole giocare con me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bang_(film)=Ssonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tit_and_the_Moon=La teta y la luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_Mr._Goodbar_(film)=In cerca di Mr. Goodbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Til_We_Meet_Again=Trovarsi ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Roberts_(1955_film)=La nave matta di Mister Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DC_Universe_Animated_Original_Movies=DC Universe Animated Original Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Temple_Drake=Perdizione (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Punch=La grande forza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Miss_Smiles=I favori della signorinetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Wings_(film)=Ali d'argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_on_the_Bar-Room_Floor_(1923_film)=The Face on the Bar-Room Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_They_Tell_You_I_Fell=Se ti dico che sono caduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Bloody_Valentine_3D=San Valentino di sangue 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Right_to_Live=Her Right to Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitty_(1945_film)=Kitty (film 1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassination_of_a_High_School_President=The Assassination - Al centro del complotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Couldn't_Say_No_(1954_film)=Bella ma pericolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tree_of_Life_(film)=The Tree of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Jumps_Ahead=Tre salti in avanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violets_Are_Blue_(film)=Le violette sono blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Challenge_(1982_film)=L'ultima sfida (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Livingston_Seagull_(film)=Il gabbiano Jonathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peculiarities_of_the_National_Hunt=Osobennosti nacional'noj ochoty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_of_Oak_(film)=Cuori di quercia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mechanical_Man=L'uomo meccanico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornetti_alla_crema=Cornetti alla crema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chop_Shop_(film)=Chop Shop (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Rave=Beyond the Rave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Does_It=Se mia moglie lo sapesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocence_(2004_film)=Innocence (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Dallas_(1937_film)=Amore sublime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Dallas_(1925_film)=Stella Dallas (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slightly_Dangerous=La fortuna è bionda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vendetta_dal_futuro=Vendetta dal futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_of_Genius_(film)=Flash of Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Lihim_ni_Antonio=Ang lihim ni Antonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_(1925_film)=Grazie!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fighting_Heart_(1925_film)=Cuore di combattente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draw!=Coppia di Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Late_Show_(film)=L'occhio privato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Bats_(film)=Pipistrelli Vampiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_the_Rumor=Una donna di cui si parla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin_Heike_Monogatari_(film)=La nuova storia del clan Taira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_of_Shame=La strada della vergogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taking_of_Pelham_123_(2009_film)=Pelham 123 - Ostaggi in metropolitana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelter_(2007_film)=Shelter (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Aim_at_the_Stars=Alla conquista dell'infinito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whoever_Slew_Auntie_Roo%3F=Chi giace nella culla della zia Ruth?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombie_Nation_(film)=Zombie Nation (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyless_Street=La via senza gioia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peg_o'_My_Heart_(1933_film)=Peg del mio cuore (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Never_Forget_You_(film)=La grande passione (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grissom_Gang=Grissom Gang (Niente orchidee per Miss Blandish)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canyon_Passage=I conquistatori (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedtime_Stories_(film)=Racconti incantati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Messenger=La messaggera del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Krause's_Journey_to_Happiness=Il viaggio di mamma Krause verso la felicità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_Second_(1953_film)=Prigionieri della città deserta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_Is..._the_Sun's_Dream=Dar-eun... haega kkuneun kkum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_Candlesticks_(film)=I candelabri dello zar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracy_of_Hearts=La guerra segreta di suor Katryn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribute_to_a_Bad_Man=La legge del capestro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Train_(film)=Train (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner_of_Zenda_(1922_film)=Il prigioniero di Zenda (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Baba_and_the_Forty_Thieves_(1944_film)=Alì Babà e i 40 ladroni (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Quixote_(1933_film)=Don Chisciotte (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Twist_(1982_TV_film)=Oliver Twist (film 1982 Donner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbelievable_Adventures_of_Italians_in_Russia=Una matta, matta, matta corsa in Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Homecoming:_Writing_the_Wartime_Experience=Operation Homecoming: Writing the Wartime Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaja_Nachle=Aaja Nachle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violent_Saturday=Sabato tragico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_Mrs._Cheyney_(1937_film)=La fine della signora Cheyney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alina_(film)=Alina (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/47_morto_che_parla=47 morto che parla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome,_Reverend!=Benvenuto reverendo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Informant!=The Informant!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_in_New_York=Sherlock Holmes a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Brigante_Musolino=Il brigante Musolino (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Devil=La bellezza del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_of_the_Little_Soldier=La ballata del piccolo soldato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_of_Stone=Grido di pietra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Everything_(film)=Donne in cerca d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_(2008_film)=Julia (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hustle_(1975_film)=Un gioco estremamente pericoloso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demons_of_the_Mind=Rose rosse per il demonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_(1926_film)=Paris (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somers_Town_(film)=Somers Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_(2008_film)=Stella (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Eyes_of_a_Killer=Gli occhi dell'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twist_of_Faith=Twist of Faith (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Chorus=Il coro di Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duplicity_(film)=Duplicity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Smiles=L'uomo che sorride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagliacci_(1948_film)=Pagliacci (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vengeance_Trilogy=Trilogia della vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_the_Other=Io, l'altro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Blart:_Mall_Cop=Il superpoliziotto del supermercato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You_Only=Amo te sola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sette_giorni_all'altro_mondo=Sette giorni all'altro mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Children=Questi ragazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicita_Colombo=Felicita Colombo (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Marie_(1954_film)=Rose Marie (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sting_II=La stangata II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Aurr_Mrs_Khanna=Main Aurr Mrs Khanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leading_Man=The Leading Man (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Lilies_(film)=Naissance des pieuvres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Messiah_(2007_film)=Mesih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollyanna_(1920_film)=Il segreto della felicità (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Man_(film)=Funny Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashbacks_of_a_Fool=Flashbacks of a Fool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Bad_Men=I tre furfanti (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Eagle=Aquile azzurre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorna's_Silence=Il matrimonio di Lorna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_a_Crooked_Sky=Against a Crooked Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickybo_and_Me=Mickybo & Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spiral_Staircase_(1975_film)=Delitto in silenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaconda_3:_Offspring=Anaconda 3 - La nuova stirpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_of_Assisi_(film)=Francesco d'Assisi (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Wonderland_(1988_film)=Alice nel Paese delle Meraviglie (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dostana_(2008_film)=Appartamento per... 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Magic_(1949_film)=Cagliostro (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riley_the_Cop=Riley il poliziotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Monster=Rock Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strong_Boy=Forzuto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Youth=Giorni di gioventù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Fair_(1962_film)=Alla fiera per un marito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Fair_(1945_film)=Festa d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Cop_(franchise)=Beverly Hills Cop - Un piedipiatti a Beverly Hills (serie di film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Gotti=Il giuramento di Diane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_and_Evelyne=Adamo ed Evelina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Imposter_(2008_film)=L'impostore (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assembly_(film)=Assembly (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virus_(1995_film)=Contagio (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_A-Team_(film)=A-Team (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Lord_Fauntleroy_(1936_film)=Lord Fauntleroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Yank_at_Eton=Un americano a Eton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow-Cassiopeia=Moskva-Kassiopeja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teens_in_the_Universe=Ragazzi nello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valery_Chkalov_(film)=Valerij Čkalov (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hostile_Whirlwinds=Vichri vraždebnye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Were_the_World_Mine=Were the World Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Mail_(film)=L'aeroporto del deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boat_That_Rocked=I Love Radio Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visitor_(2007_drama_film)=L'ospite inatteso (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turning_Point_(1945_film)=La grande svolta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prelude_to_a_Kiss_(film)=Doppia anima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Moves_On=Il mondo va avanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Bloody_Apes_(film)=Korang - La terrificante bestia umana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac_Records=Cadillac Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Priest=Il giudice (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunting_and_Gathering_(film)=Semplicemente insieme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steamboat_Round_the_Bend=Il battello pazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fixed_Bayonets!=I figli della gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton-Browne_of_the_F.O.=Mister Browne contro l'Inghilterra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowstone_Kelly=La guida indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Two_Moon_Junction=Congiunzione di due lune 2 - Ritorno a Two Moon Junction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Cops=Chao ji xue xiao ba wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Men_and_a_Prayer=Il giuramento dei quattro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Sky_(film)=Il grande cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_(2007_film)=À l'intérieur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_on_a_Motorcycle=Nuda sotto la pelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_Paris=9 settimane e ½ - La conclusione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarecrow_Slayer=Caccia a Scarecrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_and_the_Devil=Lisa e il diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Pastures_(film)=Verdi pascoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Huckleberry_Finn_(1939_film)=Le avventure di Huckleberry Finn (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedlock_(film)=Sotto massima sorveglianza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bandit_(1946_film)=Il bandito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_in_a_Night's_Work_(film)=Una notte movimentata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Journey_(film)=Le tre spie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosencrantz_and_Guildenstern_Are_Undead=Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Undead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slender_Thread=La vita corre sul filo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_in_a_Teacup_(film)=Patrizia e il dittatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Siege_of_the_Alcazar=L'assedio dell'Alcazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bread_and_Tulips=Pane e tulipani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Spirit_(film)=Due donne e un assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_vendedora_de_rosas=La vendedora de rosas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satya_in_Love=Sathya In Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breath_(2007_film)=Soffio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You,_Man=I Love You, Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Ballade_des_Dalton=Lucky Luke - La ballata dei Dalton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tell-Tale_Heart_(1941_film)=Il cuore rivelatore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armored_(film)=Blindato (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_(2007_film)=Gone - Passaggio per l'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10:30_P.M._Summer=Alle 10:30 di una sera d'estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uptight_(film)=Tradimento (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunmen_(1994_film)=Gunmen - Banditi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promise_at_Dawn=Promessa all'alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Une_chambre_en_ville=Una camera in città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hurt_Locker=The Hurt Locker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy_(franchise)=La mummia (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Canteen_(film)=Ho baciato una stella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Silver_Globe_(film)=Sul globo d'argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defendor=Defendor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dream_of_Passion=Kravgi gynaikon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna's_Storm=Pioggia di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Foxes_(film)=Piccole volpi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeeVeeDee=DeeVeeDee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Payne_(film)=Max Payne (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_March=Tōkyō kōshinkyoku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kujiratori=Kujiratori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unholy_Three_(1925_film)=Il trio infernale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unholy_Three_(1930_film)=The Unholy Three (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pickwick_Papers_(1952_film)=The Pickwick Papers (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Part_of_the_Forest_(film)=Un'altra parte della foresta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Fury:_The_Story_of_Benjamin_Blake=Il figlio della furia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Majesty,_the_American=Sua Maestà Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_and_Betty_(film)=The Prince and Betty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsessed_(2009_film)=Obsessed (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Courage_of_Marge_O'Doone=Il coraggio di Magda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Benefit_of_Clergy=Without Benefit of Clergy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greeks_Had_a_Word_for_Them=The Greeks Had a Word for Them
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quarantine_(2008_film)=Quarantena (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millie_(film)=Millie (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheated_Hearts_(film)=Cheated Hearts (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cave_Girl_(film)=The Cave Girl (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_(2008_film)=Once Upon a Time (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Got_Your_Number_(film)=I've Got Your Number
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andata_e_ritorno=Andata e ritorno (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_ragazzi_di_via_Panisperna=I ragazzi di via Panisperna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savana_violenta=Savana violenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangmen,_Women_and_Soldiers=Donne e carnefici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_Conquers=The Woman Conquers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_the_Tentmaker_(film)=Omar the Tentmaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_in_America:_A_Journey_with_Isaac_Bashevis_Singer=Isaac in America: A Journey with Isaac Bashevis Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_(2012_film)=Ribelle - The Brave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cars_2=Cars 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youth_Runs_Wild=Youth Runs Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prairie_Wife=The Prairie Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_to_Shout_About_(film)=Nasce una stella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BABO=Babo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_African_Lion=Il leone africano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Girls_from_Valley_High=Bad Girls (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Touch_the_White_Woman!=Non toccare la donna bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Virtue_(2008_film)=Un matrimonio all'inglese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girls_(1961_film)=Devčata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presto_(film)=Presto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_the_Game=Assassinio sul ponte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Could_Be_the_Night_(film)=Questa notte o mai (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Friends_(1981_film)=Gli amici di Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help_Me_Eros=Help Me Eros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_the_Right_One_In_(film)=Lasciami entrare (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Robinhood=Lady Robinhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Boat_(1951_film)=Show Boat (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Tall_Part_2=I giorni roventi del poliziotto Buford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Tall:_Final_Chapter=Final Chapter: Walking Tall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adversary_(film)=L'avversario (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bereft_(film)=Bereft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_(1932_film)=Proibito (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Italian_Job=Un colpo all'italiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Web=The Golden Web (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flames_(1926_film)=Flames (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagle_of_the_Sea=Il corsaro mascherato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valencia_(1926_film)=Valencia (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_a_Sweetheart=Parata notturna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_and_Furious_(1939_film)=Fast & Furious - Solo parti originali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Rain_(film)=Lascia che piova!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_for_Hire=Sengoku burai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Mart=La creola della Luisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharp_Shooters=Ancore d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Fingers_(2006_film)=Five Fingers - Gioco mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Thing_Called_Murder=Innocenti omicidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_(2006_film)=Živoj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_My_Heart_(1987_film)=Prendi il mio cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Town_Girl_(1953_film)=Amore provinciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_of_God_(film)=Agnese di Dio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martian_Child=Martian Child - Un bambino da amare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khrustalyov,_My_Car!=Chrustalëv, mašinu!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Out_of_My_League=Lei è troppo per me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Escapist_(2008_film)=Prison Escape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inferno_(1999_film)=Fino all'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivanhoe_(1982_film)=Ivanhoe (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_at_the_Movies_(film)=A Night at the Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smouldering_Fires_(film)=Smouldering Fires (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unholy_Night=Lo spettro verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sport_Goofy_in_Soccermania=Pippo e lo sport in Calciomania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bach's_Fight_for_Freedom=Bach's Fight for Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossplot_(film)=Circolo vizioso (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Highness_and_the_Bellboy=Sua altezza e il cameriere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endgame_(2009_film)=Endgame (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_Marlowe%3F=Where's Marlowe?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Images_in_a_Convent=Immagini di un convento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Women_(1924_film)=Tre donne (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_One=Femmina (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Bat=Il vampiro del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pound_(film)=Pound (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloweentown_(film)=Halloweentown - Streghe si nasce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Week-End_in_Havana=Tre settimane d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_Below=Sea Ghost - Il fantasma degli abissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Old_New_York=I ribelli del porto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Heat_(2002_film)=L'ultima corsa (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexican_Bus_Ride=Salita al cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Donovan's_Kid=Il mio ragazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Bruto=Il bruto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_(film)=Amelia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gran_Torino=Gran Torino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_and_Found_on_a_South_Sea_Island=Il supplizio del tam-tam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Weeks_(film)=Three Weeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Guns_(1961_film)=I fuorilegge della valle solitaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yellow_Ticket=Il passaporto giallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_I_Heart_Revolution:_We're_All_in_This_Together=The I Heart Revolution: We're All in This Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Despair_(film)=Despair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaash=Kaash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Liberation_of_L.B._Jones=Il silenzio si paga con la vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight_or_Never_(1931_film)=Tonight or Never
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Mask_(1932_film)=Behind the Mask (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greaser's_Palace=Greaser's Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Andromeda_Strain_(miniseries)=Andromeda (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suez_(film)=Suez (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_&_Julia=Julie & Julia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Years_of_Good_Prayers=Mille anni di buone preghiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expired=Parcheggio scaduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_and_Pleasure=Business and Pleasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simple-Minded_Murderer=Den enfaldige mördaren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Come_with_the_Rain=I Come with the Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Crapper=Tales from the Crapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_in_Rome_(2010_film)=La fontana dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Royal_Scandal_(film)=Scandalo a corte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ways_to_Strength_and_Beauty=Forza e bellezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Weeks_in_Another_Town=Due settimane in un'altra città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Special_Relationship_(film)=I due presidenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trucker_(film)=Trucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Incredible_and_Pals=Mr. Incredible and Pals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba_(film)=Cuba (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_to_Witch_Mountain=Corsa a Witch Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Shopaholic_(film)=I Love Shopping (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natura_contro=Natura contro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire,_Ice_and_Dynamite=Fuoco, neve e dinamite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_Triumphs=Il trionfo di Tarzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Tough_Cop=Poliziotto speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunraku_(film)=Bunraku (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shotgun_Stories=Shotgun Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_City=24 City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good,_the_Bad,_the_Weird=Il buono, il matto, il cattivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Midnight_Express_(film)=The Midnight Express (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circe,_the_Enchantress=Circe la maga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunnel_Rats_(film)=Tunnel Rats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_City_of_Sylvia=En la ciudad de Sylvia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Not_Disturb_(1999_film)=Do Not Disturb - Non disturbare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_Boarder_(1919_film)=Ridolini a Sing-Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Way_Home_(film)=Al di là della vita (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restless_Sex=The Restless Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Train_(2009_film)=Night Train (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evil_That_Men_Do_(film)=Professione giustiziere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glory_Guys=Doringo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Roue=La rosa sulle rotaie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginary_Playmate=La mia amica immaginaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mating_of_Millie=La donna senza amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_Mr._Wong=Vendetta (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_for_Terra=Battaglia per la Terra 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triage_(film)=Triage (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akaler_Shandhaney=In cerca della carestia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Film_with_Me_in_It=A Film with Me in It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Wong_in_Chinatown=Città cinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomsday_Machine_(film)=Doomsday Machine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Wilder:_The_Rise_of_Taj=Maial College 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavalcade_of_Heroes=Cavalcata d'eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_tra_la_folla=Angelo tra la folla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_at_Sea=Cuori sul mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_in_August=Domenica d'agosto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_and_Queen=I re e la regina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_About_Music=Pazza per la musica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Grad=Laureata... e adesso?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varudu=Varudu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Moonlight=Dangerous Moonlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_Nine_Lives_(film)=Uomini dalle nove vite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regular_Lovers=Les Amants réguliers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Have_Everything=New York si diverte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You'll_Find_Out=You'll Find Out (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loneliness_of_the_Long_Distance_Runner_(film)=Gioventù, amore e rabbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Din_Pratidin=Ek Din Pratidin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_de_Gare=Roman de gare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamo_Bay=Alamo Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Triangle_(film)=Mistero alle Bermuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lucky_Transfer=The Lucky Transfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slave_Girl_(film)=The Slave Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Image_of_the_Past=An Image of the Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Highbinders=The Highbinders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Goes_to_the_Races=Francis alle corse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_a_Story=The Story of a Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Goes_to_West_Point=Francis all'Accademia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pistol_for_Ringo=Una pistola per Ringo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spell_of_the_Poppy=The Spell of the Poppy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbing_Cleopatra's_Tomb=Cléopâtre (film 1899)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electric_Alarm=The Electric Alarm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Death=The Living Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burned_Hand=The Burned Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_from_Warren's=The Woman from Warren's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keoma_(film)=Keoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Marie=Little Marie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fatal_Glass_of_Beer_(1916_film)=The Fatal Glass of Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody's_Doing_It_(1916_film)=Everybody's Doing It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Bludso=Jim Bludso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Love_Sublime=A Love Sublime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_Up!_(1917_film)=Hands Up! (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy,_the_Will_O'_the_Wisp=Peggy, the Will O' the Wisp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jury_of_Fate=The Jury of Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legion_of_Death=The Legion of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Need_to_Talk_About_Kevin_(film)=...e ora parliamo di Kevin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eyes_of_Mystery=The Eyes of Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_(1918_film)=Revenge (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Which_Woman%3F=Which Woman?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deciding_Kiss=The Deciding Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brazen_Beauty=The Brazen Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_Free_(film)=Set Free (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wicked_Darling=La bestia nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exquisite_Thief=The Exquisite Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unpainted_Woman=The Unpainted Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Petal_on_the_Current=The Petal on the Current
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_of_Stamboul=Vergine d'Oriente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outside_the_Law_(1920_film)=Il fuorilegge (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riders_to_the_Stars=Esploratori dell'infinito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Men_in_Town_(1973_film)=Due contro la città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Woman_Knows=No Woman Knows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wise_Kid=The Wise Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Under_Cover=Man Under Cover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Two_Flags_(1922_film)=Sotto due bandiere (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Sinatra:_A_Man_and_His_Music=Frank Sinatra: A Man and His Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Page_Miss_Glory_(1935_film)=Page Miss Glory (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_the_Curious_Bride=The Case of the Curious Bride (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Caller_from_Outer_Space=Madra... il terrore di Londra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York,_I_Love_You=New York, I Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drifting_(1923_film)=Drifting (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_the_Velvet_Claws=L'uomo ucciso due volte (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_Faith=The Day of Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Tiger_(1923_film)=White Tiger (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Might_Get_Loud=It Might Get Loud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ip_Man_(film)=Ip Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_as_You_Are=Così come sei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lark_Farm=La masseria delle allodole (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yentl_(film)=Yentl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_Wars=Bride Wars - La mia migliore nemica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Awfully_Big_Adventure=Un'avventura terribilmente complicata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dangerous_Flirt=The Dangerous Flirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silk_Stocking_Sal=Silk Stocking Sal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystic=The Mystic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dollar_Down=Dollar Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recount_(film)=Recount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Justice_(film)=Squadra investigativa speciale S.I.S. giustizia sommaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speaking_in_Strings=Speaking in Strings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Darko=S. Darko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blackbird=Il corvo (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Show_(1927_film)=Il padiglione delle meraviglie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_City_(1928_film)=La grande città (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outside_the_Law_(1930_film)=Gli uomini della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunting_in_Connecticut=Il messaggero - The Haunting in Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codename_Cougar=Daihao meizhoubao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Perfect_Getaway=A Perfect Getaway - Una perfetta via di fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raptor_(film)=Raptor (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripley_Under_Ground_(film)=Il ritorno di Mr. Ripley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Man_(1931_film)=Iron Man (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracles_for_Sale=Miracles for Sale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Living_Doo=Night of the Living Doo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Cucaracha_(1934_film)=La Cucaracha (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilitis_(film)=Bilitis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldorado_(2008_film)=Eldorado Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Seabiscuit=The Story of Seabiscuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Warning_(1980_film)=Horror - Caccia ai terrestri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footsteps_in_the_Dark_(film)=Passi nel buio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Cry_Werewolf=L'ora del licantropo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Me_Liberty_(1936_film)=Give Me Liberty (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Lights_(2004_film)=Luci nella notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Running_Man=La notte del fuggitivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Star_(film)=Bright Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirst_(2009_film)=Bakjwi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Life_of_the_Gannets=The Private Life of the Gannets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_and_Pretzels=Moonlight and Pretzels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Cassidy=Il magnifico irlandese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4bia=4bia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chato's_Land=Chato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Road_(film)=Ritorno a Tara Road (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Mothers_Might_Live=That Mothers Might Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kispus=Kispus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Widow_(2007_film)=Il gioco della vedova nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl_in_Every_Port_(1928_film)=Capitan Barbablù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl_in_Every_Port_(1952_film)=Una ragazza in ogni porto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltz_with_Bashir=Valzer con Bashir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landscape_in_the_Mist=Paesaggio nella nebbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dopo_il_veglione=Dopo il veglione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'anello_di_Siva=L'anello di Siva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lulu_(1914_film)=Lulù (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_doppia_ferita=La doppia ferita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_conquista_dei_diamanti=La conquista dei diamanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'ultimo_travestimento=L'ultimo travestimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunger_(2008_film)=Hunger (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Children_and_It_(film)=5 bambini & It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rab_Ne_Bana_Di_Jodi=Un incontro voluto dal cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cup_Final_(film)=Finale di coppa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busy_Little_Bears=Busy Little Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Organization_(film)=L'organizzazione sfida l'ispettore Tibbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyson_(2008_film)=Tyson (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicker'n_a_Wink=Quicker'n a Wink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy,_the_Rough_Rider=Teddy the Rough Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Blood_(2008_film)=Sanguepazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Pups_and_Puzzles=Of Pups and Puzzles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Cisco_Kid=Lucky Cisco Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_a_Clear_Day_You_Can_See_Forever_(film)=L'amica delle 5 ½
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Self_Made_Hero=Un héros très discret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nekromantik_2=Nekromantik 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Son_of_Tarzan_(film)=The Son of Tarzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aamir_(film)=Aamir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Boy_and_His_Dog_(1946_film)=A Boy and His Dog (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seal_Island_(film)=L'isola delle foche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Blueprint_for_Murder=Assassinio premeditato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Gogh_(1948_film)=Van Gogh (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Beaver_Valley=La valle dei castori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry,_He's_Here_to_Help=Harry, un amico vero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revenge_of_Tarzan=The Revenge of Tarzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Tarzan=The Adventures of Tarzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Machine_Girl=The Machine Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_Out_to_the_Ball_Game_(film)=Facciamo il tifo insieme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Never_Promised_You_a_Rose_Garden_(film)=I Never Promised You a Rose Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Against_the_Wall=La fossa dei disperati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_Assassin=Ninja Assassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wing_or_the_Thigh=L'ala o la coscia?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Valley_of_Gold=Tarzan nella valle dell'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowing_(film)=Segnali dal futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Canyon_(1958_film)=Grand Canyon (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underworld_(1996_film)=Underworld - Vendetta sotterranea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Without_Baseball=City Without Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Great_River=Tarzan e il grande fiume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diary_of_a_Chambermaid_(1946_film)=Il diario di una cameriera (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathing_Room=Breathing Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seawards_the_Great_Ships=Seawards the Great Ships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Let_Go=I gangsters di Piccadilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listen,_Darling=Listen, Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Pilgrim_vs._the_World=Scott Pilgrim vs. the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non_pensarci=Non pensarci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gomorrah_(film)=Gomorra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Education=An Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeysuckle_Rose_(film)=Accordi sul palcoscenico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_North_Frederick_(film)=Un pugno di polvere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Company_Man_(film)=Una spia per caso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat's_Eye_(1997_film)=Cat's Eye (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mostly_Ghostly:_Who_Let_the_Ghosts_Out%3F=R.L. Stine: I racconti del brivido - Fantasmagoriche avventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_(2000_film)=Papà (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Italian_Straw_Hat_(film)=Un cappello di paglia di Firenze (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stalking_Moon=La notte dell'agguato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Unforgettable_Summer=Un'estate indimenticabile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outside_These_Walls=Fuori da quelle mura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accountant_(2001_film)=The Accountant (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hobbit_(film_series)=Lo Hobbit (trilogia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Soldiers_(2003_film)=Two Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_from_Chungking=La dama di Chung-King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bits_of_Life=Bits of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Monkeys=Le tre scimmie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reign_of_Terror_(film)=Il regno del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemisia_(film)=Artemisia - Passione estrema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Class_(2008_film)=La classe - Entre les murs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alaskan_Eskimo=Cacciatori eschimesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Against_the_Arctic=Uomini contro l'Artide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_of_the_World=L'Aube du monde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_siluramento_dell'Oceania=Il siluramento dell'Oceania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucciola_(1917_film)=Lucciola (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_trono_e_la_seggiola=Il trono e la seggiola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chagall_(film)=Chagall (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_from_Little_Rock=Nine from Little Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody's_Fine_(2009_film)=Stanno tutti bene - Everybody's Fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunting_of_Molly_Hartley=The Haunting of Molly Hartley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison_Ivy_(1985_film)=Guerra dei colori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linha_de_Passe=Linha de passe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekken_(2009_film)=Tekken (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Hess:_Toward_Liberty=Karl Hess: Toward Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatahan_(film)=L'isola della donna contesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nero_Wolfe_(film)=Nero Wolfe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_(2006_film)=The Fall (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flodder=Arrivano i Flodder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Night_in_1943=La lunga notte del '43
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bottom_of_the_Bottle=Il fondo della bottiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accidents_to_the_Taxes!!=Accidenti alle tasse!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appointment_for_Murder=Amo un assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driven_to_Kill=Driven to Kill - Guidato per uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_Orson_Welles=Me and Orson Welles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Dragons=Il libro dei draghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Salesman_(1985_film)=Morte di un commesso viaggiatore (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_Tell_Ya_'bout_Black_Chicks=Let Me Tell Ya 'bout Black Chicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Creatures_Great_and_Small_(film)=Creature grandi e piccole (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Mary=Mary a mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Iraqis=Nous les Irakiens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resisting_Enemy_Interrogation=Resisting Enemy Interrogation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Family_Affair_(1937_film)=Un affare di famiglia (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_Moods=Moscow Moods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_of_Radium=Romance of Radium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Valley=Disperato amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Heart=The Great Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starship_Invasions=Starship Invasions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Experiment_(2010_film)=The Experiment (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disaster_Movie=Disaster Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_of_the_Golden_West_(1938_film)=La città dell'oro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_on_the_River=Rhythm on the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottle_Shock=Bottle Shock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitch-Hike_(film)=Autostop rosso sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona_(1916_film)=Ramona (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longshots=Una squadra molto speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona_(1928_film)=Ramona (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona_(1936_film)=Ramona (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merci_la_vie=Merci la vie - Grazie alla vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Lost_Safari=Tarzan e il safari perduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Clouds_(1995_film)=Al di là delle nuvole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_to_Cythera=Viaggio a Citera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Onion_Movie=News Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Ever_Mozart=For Ever Mozart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_on_the_Outside=Ricomincio da zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon_Painter=Il pittore dei draghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Be_Bad_(1950_film)=La seduttrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie_(film_series)=Barbie (serie di film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Trappers=Tarzan and the Trappers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn's_Finest=Brooklyn's Finest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_(2010_film)=Shanghai (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primrose_Path_(film)=Piccolo porto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Dollars_a_Day=5 dollari al giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesbian_Vampire_Killers=Lesbian Vampire Killers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divorce_American_Style=Divorzio all'americana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_merlo_maschio=Il merlo maschio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_the_Fearless=Tarzan l'indomabile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriage_Ring=The Marriage Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Do_We_Eat%3F_(1918_film)=When Do We Eat? (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tous_les_Matins_du_Monde=Tutte le mattine del mondo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Loved_You_So_Long=Ti amerò sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Little_Acre_(film)=Il piccolo campo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuss_and_Feathers=Fuss and Feathers (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_of_Men=The Law of Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Bedroom=The Haunted Bedroom (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virtuous_Thief=The Virtuous Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepping_Out_(1919_film)=Stepping Out (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Hours=Dangerous Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_False_Road=The False Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hairpins_(film)=Hairpins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silk_Hosiery=Silk Hosiery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abandoned_(1949_film)=La tratta degli innocenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_of_America_(film)=Birds of America - Una famiglia incasinata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Upside_Down=Alice una vita sottosopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan's_Fight_for_Life=Tarzan e lo stregone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Than_Love=Greater Than Love (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_o'_the_Sea=Rose o' the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_of_the_Night=Strangers of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Lily=The Red Lily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Amazons=Tarzan e le amazzoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_of_Iron=Messaggi da forze sconosciute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_for_Dogs_(film)=Hotel Bau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Carol=An American Carol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darling_of_Paris=The Darling of Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Huntress=Tarzan e i cacciatori bianchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ways_of_Fate=The Ways of Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shon_the_Piper=Shon the Piper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Be=Come solo tu sei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_(film)=Rotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Majorca=Mannen från Mallorca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Man_(1996_film)=Mon homme (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Started_with_Eve=La prima è stata Eva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Man,_Another_Chance=Un altro uomo, un'altra donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partir,_revenir=Tornare per rivivere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Jake's_Demise=Poor Jake's Demise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Urchin_(1913_film)=The Sea Urchin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trap_(1913_film)=The Trap (film 1913 August)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_an_Actress=Almost an Actress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Elephant_on_His_Hands=An Elephant on His Hands (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeping_Tiger=La tigre nell'ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Female_Agents=Female Agents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orders_to_Kill=Ordine di uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madagascar_(2005_film)=Madagascar (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ugly_Truth=La dura verità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Men_(film)=City of Men (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collector_(1965_film)=Il collezionista (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunger_(1966_film)=Fame (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You_Phillip_Morris=Colpo di fulmine - Il mago della truffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observe_and_Report=Observe and Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Boy_(film)=Shōnen Sarutobi Sasuke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Wu_Xun=The Life of Wu Xun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gidget_Goes_to_Rome=Gidget a Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labor_Pains=Incinta o... quasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Good_Things_(film)=Love & Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_On_till_Morning_(film)=4 farfalle per un assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Idiots=3 Idiots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_Upon_a_Star=Aiuto sono mia sorella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigger_Than_Life=Dietro lo specchio (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sista_dansen=Sista dansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison_Ivy:_The_Secret_Society=Poison Ivy: La società segreta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Are_Alive=L'etrusco uccide ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Librarian:_Curse_of_the_Judas_Chalice=The Librarian 3 - La maledizione del calice di Giuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embodiment_of_Evil=Encarnação do Demônio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brilliant_Future=Brillante porvenir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Life_(1913_film)=Back to Life (film 1913 Dwan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodhounds_of_the_North=Bloodhounds of the North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lie_(1914_film)=The Lie (film 1914 Dwan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honor_of_the_Mounted=The Honor of the Mounted (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_Mary_Magdalen=Remember Mary Magdalen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discord_and_Harmony=Discord and Harmony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Menace_to_Carlotta=The Menace to Carlotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_the_Matter_with_Helen%3F=I raptus segreti di Helen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Falcon=The Gay Falcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallucinations_of_a_Deranged_Mind=Delírios de um Anormal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_World_of_Coffin_Joe=O Estranho Mundo de Zé do Caixão
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beniker_Gang=The Beniker Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollyanna_(1960_film)=Il segreto di Pollyanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crows_Zero=Crows Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Subject_Was_Roses_(film)=La signora amava le rose (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_with_Father_(film)=Vita col padre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_of_Friends_(1995_film)=Amiche (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacancy_2:_The_First_Cut=Vacancy 2 - L'inizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalin_(1992_film)=Stalin (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Orchid_(film)=Orchidea nera (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakheart_Pass_(film)=Io non credo a nessuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_and_Forever_(1934_film)=Rivelazione (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fools_for_Scandal=Il piacere dello scandalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messengers_2:_The_Scarecrow=Messengers 2 - L'inizio della fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Embezzler_(1914_film)=The Embezzler (film 1914 Dwan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_the_Feud=The End of the Feud (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tragedy_of_Whispering_Creek=The Tragedy of Whispering Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unlawful_Trade=The Unlawful Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rose_Tattoo_(film)=La rosa tatuata (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hopes_of_Blind_Alley=The Hopes of Blind Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ranch_Romance=A Ranch Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Grave_Mistake=Her Grave Mistake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Sun's_Rays=By the Sun's Rays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oubliette=The Oubliette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Miner's_Romance=A Miner's Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Bounty=Her Bounty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Higher_Law_(1914_film)=The Higher Law (film 1914 Giblyn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Feed_the_World=We Feed the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Blonde_from_Bashful_Bend=L'indiavolata pistolera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wonderful_Night_in_Split=Ta divna Splitska noc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Gettysburg_(1913_film)=The Battle of Gettysburg (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richelieu_(film)=Richelieu (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pipes_o'_Pan=The Pipes o' Pan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtue_Is_Its_Own_Reward=Virtue Is Its Own Reward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Life's_Story=Her Life's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion,_the_Lamb,_the_Man=The Lion, the Lamb, the Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_of_Thrills=A Night of Thrills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Boy_Called_Hate=A Boy Called Hate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_Up!_(1926_film)=Hands Up! (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marat/Sade_(film)=Marat/Sade (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_White_Hope_(film)=Per salire più in basso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6,000_Enemies=6,000 Enemies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Live_Again=Resurrezione (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sin_of_Olga_Brandt=The Sin of Olga Brandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Dreams=London Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Small_Town_Girl=A Small Town Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Measure_of_a_Man_(1915_film)=The Measure of a Man (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/500_Days_of_Summer=(500) giorni insieme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Escape_(1914_film)=The Escape (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_Ride_2:_Dead_Ahead=Radio Killer 2 - Fine della corsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whip_It_(film)=Whip It (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_Niger_(film)=The River Niger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_Passion=L'impero della passione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Station=The Last Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_(2002_film)=Out (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Just_Didn't_Do_It=I Just Didn't Do It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Uncle's_Legacy=Život sa stricem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commandos_(film)=Commandos (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kambakkht_Ishq=Kambakkht Ishq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borstal_Boy_(film)=Borstal Boy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Twilight=Crepuscolo di Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Worlds_2:_The_Next_Wave=War of the Worlds 2: The Next Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Summer=L'autunno della famiglia Kohayagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moby_Dick_(1930_film)=Moby Dick, il mostro bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Yourself_a_College_Girl=Get Yourself a College Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Trouble_(1942_film)=Girl Trouble (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Toujours=Bella sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_the_Deck_(1930_film)=Hit the Deck (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_the_Deck_(1955_film)=Tutti in coperta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Desert_Breed=The Desert Breed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Justice_(1915_film)=Mountain Justice (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Style_(film)=Free Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(2009_film)=Blue (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Alone_(franchise)=Home Alone (serie di film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pine's_Revenge=The Pine's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fascination_of_the_Fleur_de_Lis=The Fascination of the Fleur de Lis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alas_and_Alack=Alas and Alack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mother's_Atonement=A Mother's Atonement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_and_the_Boys=Father and the Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronger_Than_Death_(1915_film)=Stronger Than Death (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolly's_Scoop=Dolly's Scoop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grip_of_Jealousy=The Grip of Jealousy (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangled_Hearts=Tangled Hearts (film 1916 De Grasse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gilded_Spider=The Gilded Spider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobbie_of_the_Ballet=Bobbie of the Ballet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grasp_of_Greed=The Grasp of Greed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torch_Song_Trilogy_(film)=Amici, complici, amanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_Cool=Stay Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Zhao=Mr. Zhao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Town=New York Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mark_of_Cain_(1916_film)=The Mark of Cain (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Runner_Stumbles=Uno strano caso di omicidio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tru_Loved=Tru Loved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Smart's_Bruce_and_Lloyd:_Out_of_Control=Bruce e Lloyd - Fuori controllo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rescue_(1917_film)=The Rescue (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pay_Me!=Pay Me!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_(1917_film)=Triumph (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_Once=Anything Once (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Car=The Scarlet Car (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Love=Broadway Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Company_(1918_film)=Fast Company (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Broadway_Scandal=A Broadway Scandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riddle_Gawne=Riddle Gawne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Talk_of_the_Town_(1918_film)=The Talk of the Town (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Men_(film)=Middle Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unstoppable_Marriage=Motmallineun gyeolhon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Yesterday_(1933_film)=Solo una notte (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_False_Faces=The False Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_Yonkers_(film)=Proibito amare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Northfield_Minnesota_Raid=La banda di Jesse James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Bill_(1995_film)=Wild Bill (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Karenina_(1915_film)=Anna Karenina (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Orphans_(1915_film)=The Two Orphans (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_at_Lughnasa_(film)=Ballando a Lughnasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Connecticut_Yankee_(film)=Un americano alla corte di Re Artù (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stain_(film)=The Stain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Seven_Gables_(film)=La casa dei sette camini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kreutzer_Sonata_(1915_film)=Kreutzer Sonata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chocolate_Soldier_(film)=Soldato di cioccolata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clemenceau_Case=The Clemenceau Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Daughter_(1915_film)=The Devil's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_(1915_Raoul_Walsh_film)=Carmen (film 1915 Walsh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Galley_Slave=The Galley Slave (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destruction_(film)=Destruction (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_West_Point_Story_(film)=The West Point Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Serpent_(1916_film)=Il serpente (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_and_the_Woman=Gold and the Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eternal_Sapho=The Eternal Sapho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Lynne_(1916_film)=East Lynne (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Marie_(1936_film)=Rose Marie (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_Paris_Sleeps=While Paris Sleeps (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nomads_of_the_North=Nomads of the North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Two_Flags_(1916_film)=Under Two Flags (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Double_Life=Her Double Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vixen=Il pirata dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tiger_Woman_(1917_film)=The Tiger Woman (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pumpkin_Karver=The Pumpkin Karver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Greatest_Love=Her Greatest Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_and_Soul_(1917_film)=Heart and Soul (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rose_of_Blood=Rosa di sangue (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Du_Barry_(1917_film)=Madame du Barry (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forbidden_Path=The Forbidden Path
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soul_of_Buddha=The Soul of Buddha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Yoke_(film)=Under the Yoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_a_Woman_Sins=When a Woman Sins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_She-Devil=The She Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mataharis=Mataharis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourne_(film_series)=Bourne (serie di film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_(1977_film)=Schock (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Little_Italy=In Little Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Save_Her_Soul=To Save Her Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conduct_Zero=Conduct Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Moment_(1944_film)=The Great Moment (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherrybomb_(film)=Cherrybomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_After_(1909_film)=The Day After (film 1909)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choosing_a_Husband=Choosing a Husband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rocky_Road=The Rocky Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubal_(film)=Vento di terre lontane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_Soil=La terra che brucia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeoff_(film)=Vzlёt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_on_Account_of_the_Milk=All on Account of the Milk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Romance_of_the_Western_Hills=A Romance of the Western Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_Yours=Brivido d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prep_&_Landing=Lanny & Wayne - Missione Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellish_Flesh=Inferno Carnal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajab_Prem_Ki_Ghazab_Kahani=Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kid_(1910_film)=The Kid (film 1910)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Flash_of_Light=A Flash of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_Quarantine=Love in Quarantine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Beats_of_Long_Ago=Heart Beats of Long Ago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Daughter=His Daughter (film 1911)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lily_of_the_Tenements=The Lily of the Tenements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Decree_of_Destiny=A Decree of Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_On!!=Rock On!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Was_He_a_Coward%3F=Was He a Coward?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscilla's_April_Fool_Joke=Priscilla's April Fool Joke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spanish_Gypsy_(film)=The Spanish Gypsy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_in_Central_Park_(film)=Up in Central Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscilla_and_the_Umbrella=Priscilla and the Umbrella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Cross_(1911_film)=The Broken Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_She_Triumphed=How She Triumphed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Dress=The New Dress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Rose_of_the_Wilds=The White Rose of the Wilds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smile_of_a_Child=The Smile of a Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enoch_Arden_(1911_film)=Enoch Arden: Part I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Dollars_on_the_Red=7 dollari sul rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Woman_(2009_film)=Wonder Woman (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daybreak_(2008_film)=Daybreak (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_the_Kid_(1989_film)=La vera storia di Billy the Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_at_the_Crossroads=La notte dell'incrocio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up,_Down,_Fragile=Alto basso fragile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utamaro_and_His_Five_Women=Utamaro e le sue cinque mogli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Primal_Call=The Primal Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighting_Blood=Fighting Blood (film 1911)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_for_a_Silver_Dollar=Un dollaro bucato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Mistress=Une vieille maîtresse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crowd_Roars_(1932_film)=L'urlo della folla (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_French,_They_Are_a_Funny_Race=Il carnet del maggiore Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Memories=Il ricordo di belle cose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo!=Tokyo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Holiday=Paris Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Colt=Arizona Colt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Ringo=Il ritorno di Ringo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi_Belly_(film)=Delhi Belly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/002_Operazione_Luna=002 Operazione Luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Winchester_per_El_Diablo=30 Winchester per El Diablo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Italian_Style_(film)=Amore all'italiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Train_Your_Dragon_(film)=Dragon Trainer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterhole_No._3=La vecchia legge del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball:_Yo!_Son_Goku_and_His_Friends_Return!!=Dragon Ball: Ossu! Kaette kita Son Goku to nakama-tachi!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posse_(1975_film)=I giustizieri del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devotion_(1946_film)=Appassionatamente (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_and_Mary_(film)=John e Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Drop_of_Water=The Last Drop of Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blind_Princess_and_the_Poet=The Blind Princess and the Poet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_from_the_Shadow=Out from the Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Making_of_a_Man=The Making of a Man (film 1911)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stuff_Heroes_Are_Made_Of=The Stuff Heroes Are Made Of
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Road_(film)=The Long Road (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_the_Hills=Love in the Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_Darkened_Vales=Through Darkened Vales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miser's_Heart=Cuore d'avaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_Scorned_(1911_film)=A Woman Scorned (film 1911)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eternal_Mother_(1912_film)=The Eternal Mother (film 1912)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Bookkeeper=The Old Bookkeeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_His_Son=For His Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Transformation_of_Mike=The Transformation of Mike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sister's_Love=A Sister's Love (film 1912)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Burning_Skies=Under Burning Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_String_of_Pearls_(film)=A String of Pearls (film 1912)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goddess_of_Sagebrush_Gulch=The Goddess of Sagebrush Gulch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serious_Charge=Serious Charge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Is_Business,_the_Other_Crime=One Is Business, the Other Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amusement_(film)=Amusement - Giochi pericolosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_Basketball_Player_No._5=Woman Basketball Player No. 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleach:_Fade_to_Black=Gekijō-ban Bleach: Fade to Black - Kimi no na o yobu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lesser_Evil_(1912_film)=The Lesser Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Temporary_Truce=A Temporary Truce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_Awakened=The Spirit Awakened
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man's_Lust_for_Gold=Man's Lust for Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24:_Redemption=24: Redemption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart's_Cry=Le cri du coeur (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_the_Enemy's_Help=With the Enemy's Help
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Love_(1912_film)=Blind Love (film 1912)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chief's_Blanket=The Chief's Blanket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sailor's_Heart=A Sailor's Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_at_the_Throttle=Teddy at the Throttle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micmacs_(film)=L'esplosivo piano di Bazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Zona_(film)=La zona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Not_Alone_(1939_film)=Non siamo soli (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Light=Segnale d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_a_Crime=Storia di un crimine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2012_(film)=2012 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrogates=Il mondo dei replicanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shape_of_Things=The Shape of Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Run=L'ultima fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_for_the_Mighty_Sword=Quest for the Mighty Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_to_Witch_Mountain_(1975_film)=Incredibile viaggio verso l'ignoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_One_and_Only_(film)=My One and Only
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodhounds_of_Broadway_(1952_film)=Paradiso notturno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodhounds_of_Broadway_(1989_film)=I maledetti di Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Lovelace_for_President=Linda Lovelace for President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronika_Decides_to_Die_(film)=Veronika Decides to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legion_(2010_film)=Legion (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Marie_and_Julien=Storia di Marie e Julien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felon_(film)=Felon - Il colpevole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vice_Versa_(1988_film)=Vice Versa - Due vite scambiate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homecoming_(1948_film)=La lunga attesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_Me=The Heart of Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Male_Companion=...poi ti sposerò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plan_9_from_Outer_Space=Plan 9 from Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Belongs_to_Us=Parigi ci appartiene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Senegal_(film)=Little Senegal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/27_Missing_Kisses=27 baci perduti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_as_a_Fatal_Sexually_Transmitted_Disease=La vita come malattia fatale sessualmente trasmessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dev.D=Dev.D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_the_One_(2000_film)=You're the One - Una Historia de Entonces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_The_Record_of_Nobita's_Spaceblazer=Doraemon: Shin Nobita no uchū kaitaku-shi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Up_Sid=Wake Up Sid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Living_(1949_film)=Il gigante di New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_the_City=Nel fango della periferia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_and_Caroline=Edoardo e Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elusive_Corporal=Le strane licenze del caporale Dupont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_and_the_Detectives_(1931_film)=La terribile armata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_the_World_(1931_film)=La fine del mondo (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Succeed_in_Business_Without_Really_Trying_(film)=Come far carriera senza lavorare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7th_Cavalry_(film)=7º Cavalleria (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/99_and_44/100%25_Dead=Attento sicario: Crown è in caccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Storm_(2009_film)=Into the Storm - La guerra di Churchill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_The_Mystery_Begins=Scooby-Doo! Il mistero ha inizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faces_of_Children=Visages d'enfants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_False_Student=Nise daigakusei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_Vietnam=Lontano dal Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_Moscow=Mosca addio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fig_Leaves=Le disgrazie di Adamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Days_One_Summer=Cinque giorni una estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_When_Wet=Nebbia sulla Manica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marseille_Contract=Contratto marsigliese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Fruit_(1952_film)=Il frutto proibito (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Dr._Fu_Manchu=The Return of Dr. Fu Manchu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_for_the_Holidays_(1972_film)=Natale con i tuoi (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Seal=Il quinto sigillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels_(1977_film)=Gulliver nel paese di Lilliput
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Blade=La spada di Damasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitch_Slap=Bitch Slap - Le superdotate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Must_Fall_(1937_film)=Notturno tragico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Must_Fall_(1964_film)=La doppia vita di Dan Craig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty_Dead_Men_Walking=Fifty Dead Men Walking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raintree_County_(film)=L'albero della vita (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frenchman's_Creek_(film)=L'avventura viene dal mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Nights_of_a_Dreamer=Quattro notti di un sognatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judex_(1963_film)=L'uomo in nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harakiri_(1919_film)=Harakiri (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaLee's_Kin:_The_Legacy_of_Cotton=LaLee's Kin: The Legacy of Cotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_About_Town_(film)=Ragazze per la città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hachi:_A_Dog's_Tale=Hachiko - Il tuo migliore amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masquerade_(1988_film)=Masquerade (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Hours_by_Air=Volo nella bufera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confirm_or_Deny=Confirm or Deny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Met_My_Love_Again=Ho ritrovato il mio amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Russia_House_(film)=La casa Russia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Herr_der_Liebe=Der Herr der Liebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table_for_Five=Tavolo per cinque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_(1934_film)=Oro (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_Myself_I_(film)=Nei panni dell'altra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Companions_(1957_film)=The Good Companions (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Knew_All_the_Answers=Anime allo specchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goto,_Island_of_Love=Goto, l'isola dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduate_First=Fai la maturità prima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_Maneuver=Grandi manovre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Consoler=Il grande consolatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_King=Il grande re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mississippi_Gambler_(1929_film)=Poker d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Beds_(1942_film)=Letti gemelli (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Wanger's_Vogues_of_1938=Modella di lusso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_Present_(film)=Wedding Present
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Saddam=Casa Saddam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Macomber_Affair=Passione selvaggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desire_in_the_Dust=Desiderio nella polvere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_of_the_Gion=Le sorelle del Gion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_&_Yves=Adam & Yves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Confessions_of_a_Hollywood_Starlet=Che fatica fare la star!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Valiant_(1954_film)=Il principe coraggioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_to_Remember_(1942_film)=La morte viene dall'ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wife_Takes_a_Flyer=The Wife Takes a Flyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_the_Castaways_(film)=I figli del capitano Grant (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Month_in_the_Country_(film)=Un mese in campagna (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_Always_Tomorrow=There's Always Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Lives_of_Pippa_Lee=La vita segreta della signora Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_in_a_Crowd=Due nella folla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Geese_Calling=Il richiamo del nord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Texans=The Texans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_in_White=La dama bianca (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Were_Seven_Sisters=Eravamo 7 sorelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Your_Orders,_Madame=Ai vostri ordini, signora...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Were_Seven_Widows=Eravamo sette vedove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Trouble_(1984_film)=Non c'è due senza quattro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mille_chilometri_al_minuto!=Mille chilometri al minuto!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_vedi_come_sei..._lo_vedi_come_sei%3F=Lo vedi come sei... lo vedi come sei?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirate's_Dream=Il pirata sono io!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non_me_lo_dire!=Non me lo dire!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_High_(1931_film)=Flying High (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoolgirl_Diary=Ore 9: lezione di chimica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Live_as_I_Please=Voglio vivere così
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Pilots=I 3 aquilotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Is_Fickle=La donna è mobile (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labbra_serrate=Labbra serrate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smash_Cut=Smash Cut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Embraces=Gli abbracci spezzati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita's_Dinosaur=Doraemon nel paese preistorico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita_and_the_Haunts_of_Evil=Doraemon nel paese delle meraviglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_The_Records_of_Nobita,_Spaceblazer=Doraemon esplora lo spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita_and_the_Knights_on_Dinosaurs=Doraemon: Nobita to ryū no kishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita_and_the_Animal_Planet=Doraemon: Nobita to animal planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita's_Little_Star_Wars=Doraemon: Nobita no little Star Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita's_Dorabian_Nights=Doraemon - The Movie: Le mille e una notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita_and_the_Kingdom_of_Clouds=Doraemon - The Movie: Il Regno delle Nuvole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita's_Three_Visionary_Swordsmen=Doraemon: Nobita to mugen san-kenshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita_and_the_Tin_Labyrinth=Doraemon: Nobita to buriki no labyrinth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita_and_the_Galaxy_Super-express=Doraemon: Nobita to ginga express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita_and_the_Spiral_City=Doraemon: Nobita no neji maki shitī bōken-ki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita's_Great_Adventure_in_the_South_Seas=Doraemon: Nobita no nankai daibōken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita_and_the_Windmasters=Doraemon: Nobita to fushigi kaze tsukai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita_and_the_Winged_Braves=Doraemon: Nobita to tsubasa no yūsha-tachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita_in_the_Robot_Kingdom=Doraemon: Nobita to Robot Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keys_of_the_Kingdom_(film)=Le chiavi del paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_of_the_Apes_(1968_film)=Il pianeta delle scimmie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hearse=Incubo infernale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_for_a_Song=Ho tanta voglia di cantare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Stuff=La storia delle cose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Island_(1999_film)=L'isola del tesoro (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunchback_of_Notre_Dame_(1911_film)=Nostra Signora di Parigi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Wagon_(1943_film)=L'ultima carrozzella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Za-Bum_Circus=Circo equestre Za-bum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Orphans_(1947_film)=I due orfanelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1860_(film)=1860 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_Bunny=La coniglietta di casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Back_Down=Never Back Down - Mai arrendersi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raid_on_Rommel=Attacco a Rommel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghajini_(2008_film)=Ghajini (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fab_Five:_The_Texas_Cheerleader_Scandal=Cheerleader Scandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Villain_(1917_film)=The Villain (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Approach_(2007_film)=Contatto finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/29th_Street_(film)=Perseguitato dalla fortuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_(film)=Steam (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cab_Number_13=Il fiacre n. 13 (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assunta_Spina_(1948_film)=Assunta Spina (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_and_Eve_(1949_film)=Adamo ed Eva (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kini_and_Adams=Kini and Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_Woodstock=Motel Woodstock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_on_the_Hudson=Il castello sull'Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spanish_Gardener_(film)=Il giardiniere spagnolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vendetta..._sarda=Vendetta... sarda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto_the_Third_Man=Totò terzo uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_padrone_del_vapore=Il padrone del vapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrivano_i_nostri=Arrivano i nostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Heart_Sings=Anema e core (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Paupers_in_an_Automobile=Cinque poveri in automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neapolitan_Turk=Un turco napoletano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siamo_tutti_inquilini=Siamo tutti inquilini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funniest_Show_on_Earth=Il più comico spettacolo del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Nights_with_Cleopatra=Due notti con Cleopatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Getting_Married=Rachel sta per sposarsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poverty_and_Nobility=Miseria e nobiltà (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'ultimo_amante=L'ultimo amante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eighteen_Year_Olds=Le diciottenni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto,_Peppino_and_the_Fanatics=Totò, Peppino e le fanatiche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_and_I'll_Shoot=Come te movi, te fulmino!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeymoon_Academy=Nella buona e nella cattiva sorte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_Why_(film)=Il fiume delle verità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tipi_da_spiaggia=Tipi da spiaggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non_perdiamo_la_testa=Non perdiamo la testa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardatele_ma_non_toccatele=Guardatele ma non toccatele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_mandarino_per_Teo=Un mandarino per Teo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appuntamento_a_Ischia=Appuntamento a Ischia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_in_the_Valley_of_Woe=Maciste contro Ercole nella valle dei guai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_marines_per_100_ragazze=5 marines per 100 ragazze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obiettivo_ragazze=Obiettivo ragazze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corpse_for_the_Lady=Cadavere per signora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_a_Few_Dollars_Less=Per qualche dollaro in meno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Prentice=L'amante sconosciuta (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unguarded_Hour=L'ora misteriosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiki_(1931_film)=Kiki (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_October_Man=Prigioniero della paura (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Degrees_of_Separation_(film)=6 gradi di separazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Halliday_Brand=Il marchio dell'odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlet_Goes_Business=Amleto si mette in affari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susana=Susana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard,_Fast_and_Beautiful=Hard, Fast and Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hen_in_the_Wind=Una gallina nel vento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Study_in_Scarlet_(1933_film)=A Study in Scarlet (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiruko_the_Goblin=Hiruko the Goblin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_Lessons=Lezioni di storia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizons_West=Dan il terribile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_Dinosaurs_&_Monster_Birds=Kyōryū Kaichō no Densetsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidnap_(2008_film)=Kidnap (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/008:_Operation_Exterminate=A 008, operazione Sterminio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_077:_From_the_Orient_with_Fury=Agente 077 dall'Oriente con furore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_077:_Mission_Bloody_Mary=Agente 077 missione Bloody Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelter_(2010_film)=Shelter - Identità paranormali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_3S3:_Passport_to_Hell=Agente 3S3 - Passaporto per l'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_McConnell_Story=Una tigre in cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Self_Sufficient=Io sono un autarchico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Melvin=I Love Melvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Agent_777=Agente segreto 777 - Operazione Mistero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrek=Shrek (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fox_and_the_Child=La volpe e la bambina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_II:_Stagnetti's_Revenge=Pirates II: Stagnetti's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Celebration=Celebrazione (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illustrious_Corpses=Cadaveri eccellenti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Son_of_Dr._Jekyll=Il figlio del Dottor Jekyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Year_of_13_Moons=Un anno con tredici lune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_&_Son=Harry & Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield's_Fun_Fest=Garfield e il laghetto magico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimensions_of_Dialogue=Možnosti dialogu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Royle_Girl=L'uragano (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_War_(film)=De la guerre - Della guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highest_Pressure=Altissima pressione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin_Lovers_(1965_film)=Gli amanti latini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'attore_scomparso=L'attore scomparso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Fra_Diavolo=Fra Diavolo (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signorinette=Signorinette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'abito_nero_da_sposa=L'abito nero da sposa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Yank_in_Rome=Un americano in vacanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_There's_Life=La congiura di Barovia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Model_and_the_Marriage_Broker=Mariti su misura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_Claire=Sola nella trappola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabi_(film)=Nabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Me_in_Las_Vegas=Donne... dadi... denaro!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Difficult_Years=Anni difficili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Line=Cuori senza frontiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Knickerbocker_Buckaroo=Douglas l'avventuriero dilettante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_at_the_Museum:_Battle_of_the_Smithsonian=Una notte al museo 2 - La fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guilt_of_Janet_Ames=La colpa di Janet Ames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooks_Anonymous=Julie, perché non vuoi?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath_Still_Waters=Beneath Still Waters - Dal profondo delle tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forty-First_(1956_film)=Il quarantunesimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandorum=Pandorum - L'universo parallelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome-Paris-Rome=Signori, in carrozza!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Last_Twelve_Hours=È più facile che un cammello...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_Stands_Trial=Processo alla città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Years=Anni facili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Life_and_Love=Questa è la vita (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_of_Rome=La romana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Done_It%3F_(1956_film)=Occhio di lince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Getting_Along=L'arte di arrangiarsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_of_Today=Ragazze d'oggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladro_lui,_ladra_lei=Ladro lui, ladra lei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivers_in_Summer=Frenesia dell'estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_Works=Basta che funzioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Picasso=Le avventure di Picasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martial_Law_(1991_film)=Codice marziale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martial_Law_2:_Undercover=Codice marziale 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martial_Outlaw=Codice marziale 4 - Il rinnegato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_nostri_mariti=I nostri mariti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Sick..._It's_Free=Il medico della mutua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisis_(1950_film)=La rivolta (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anyone_Can_Play=Le dolci signore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Have_a_Riot=Contestazione generale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Midnight_Story=Mezzanotte a San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl_in_Australia=Bello, onesto, emigrato Australia sposerebbe compaesana illibata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Circus=Il grande circo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hospitals:_The_White_Mafia=Bisturi - La mafia bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_mostro_(1977_film)=Il mostro (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigers_in_Lipstick=Letti selvaggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklyn=Franklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_That_Preys=The Family That Preys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Around=Ancora una volta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islands_in_the_Stream_(film)=Isole nella corrente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Gordon:_The_Greatest_Adventure_of_All=Flash Gordon - La grande avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warriors_of_the_Year_2072=I guerrieri dell'anno 2072
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Blue_2:_The_Reef=Trappola in fondo al mare 2 - Il tesoro degli abissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peacock_(2010_film)=Peacock (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cab_for_Three=Taxi para tres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_the_Bear=Karu süda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Blood_(film)=La torre di Londra (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vamshi_(film)=Vamshi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chimp_(2001_film)=Maimil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quo_Vadis_(2001_film)=Quo vadis? (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blair_Witch_Project=The Blair Witch Project - Il mistero della strega di Blair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Amber_(film)=Ambra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awful_Truth_(1929_film)=The Awful Truth (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_Those_Present=Alla conquista di un cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rambo_(2008_film)=John Rambo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guyana:_Crime_of_the_Century=Il massacro della Guyana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_Bomber=La bomba di Kansas City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Without_Tears_(film)=Il francese senza lacrime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pot_o'_Gold_(film)=Un sacco d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Lili=La petite Lili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonworld=Dragonworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaws_(franchise)=Lo squalo (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl_Cut_in_Two=L'innocenza del peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Arm_(film)=La lunga mano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flame_&_Citron=L'ombra del nemico (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Underground_(film)=A Parigi nell'ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.U.N.K.S.=P.U.N.K.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Lady=In tre sul Lucky Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuzz_(film)=...e tutto in biglietti di piccolo taglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentino:_The_Last_Emperor=Valentino: The Last Emperor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Riding_Hood_(1989_film)=Cappuccetto Rosso (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamus_(film)=La violenza è il mio forte!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skullduggery_(1970_film)=Tropis - Uomo o scimmia?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Duel=Il lungo duello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody_Runs_Forever=Arrest!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inju:_The_Beast_in_the_Shadow=Inju, la bête dans l'ombre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_for_Love=Il ragazzo pon pon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butterfly_Effect_3:_Revelations=The Butterfly Effect 3: Revelations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaos_(film)=Kaos (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killer_Is_Loose=L'assassino è perduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buscando_a_Miguel=Buscando a Miguel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_Is_a_Lonely_Hunter_(film)=L'urlo del silenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellzapoppin'_(film)=Hellzapoppin' (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_High_Wind_in_Jamaica_(film)=Ciclone sulla Giamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Cage_(1955_film)=The Glass Cage (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_as_They_Come=Amare per uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_21=Addio vent'anni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Messenger_(2009_film)=Oltre le regole - The Messenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Seconds_to_Hell=Dieci secondi col diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toomorrow_(film)=Together (film 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/16_Days_of_Glory=16 giorni di gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masked_Bride=La sposa mascherata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeymoon_(1959_film)=Luna di miele (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_the_Firstborn=I guardiani del cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Mom's_New_Boyfriend=Homeland Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'_Horten=Il mondo di Horten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_Midnight_(film)=L'altra faccia di mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koyaanisqatsi=Koyaanisqatsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrink_(film)=Shrink (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_and_the_Spur=La carne e lo sperone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relentless_(1989_film)=Senza limiti (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terror_of_the_Tongs=Il terrore dei Tongs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Comedy_(film)=La commedia umana (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Man's_River=E continuavano a fregarsi il milione di dollari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yellow_Balloon_(film)=Il tunnel del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idol_on_Parade=Idol on Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Terrors_(film)=Le notti proibite del Marchese De Sade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_Touch=Un uomo da rispettare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Striptease_(film)=Striptease (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Darkness_(2010_film)=Fuori controllo (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buddy_System_(film)=La forza dell'amore (film 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocalypse_Now=Apocalypse Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Mad,_Mad,_Mad,_Mad_World=Questo pazzo, pazzo, pazzo, pazzo mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_Man_(film)=Yes Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Godiva_of_Coventry=Lady Godiva (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destroyer_(1943_film)=Ombre sul mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopworn=Perfidia (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amarilly_of_Clothes-Line_Alley=Amore d'artista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Annie_Rooney_(1925_film)=Little Annie Rooney (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Maris_(1918_film)=Stella Maris (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Maris_(1925_film)=Stella Maris (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Back_Door=Through the Back Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Berlin_Affair=Interno berlinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riot_(1969_film)=La rivolta (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Beyond_the_Grave=La bottega che vendeva la morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apartment_Complex=The Apartment Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_in_a_Cage=Un giorno di terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M'Liss_(1918_film)=Il giglio selvatico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_(1914_film)=Cinderella (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1990:_The_Bronx_Warriors=1990 - I guerrieri del Bronx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good-Time_Girl=Ragazze perdute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Over_the_Nile=Tempesta sul Nilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canary_Murder_Case_(film)=La canarina assassinata (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzog_Blaubarts_Burg=Herzog Blaubarts Burg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_for_Secrets=School for Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fighting_Temptations=The Fighting Temptations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upstairs_and_Downstairs=Su e giù per le scale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbit_Without_Ears=300 ore per innamorarsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Separate_Tables_(film)=Tavole separate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Foundling_(1916_film)=La trovatella (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Foundling_(1915_film)=The Foundling (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_and_the_Witch=La storia di Alice... fanciulla infelice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lacemaker=La merlettaia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Killer_(1937_film)=Gueule d'amour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landscape_After_the_Battle=Paesaggio dopo la battaglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaves_from_Satan's_Book=Pagine dal libro di Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Level_Five_(film)=Level Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump!_(film)=Jump!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili_Marleen_(film)=Lili Marleen (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Day's_Dying=Un lungo giorno per morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_at_Large=Un amore passeggero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Crazy_(1943_film)=Girl Crazy (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Girls_and_a_Sailor=Due ragazze e un marinaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antichrist_(film)=Antichrist (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achilles_and_the_Tortoise_(film)=Achille e la tartaruga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Vernon_of_Haddon_Hall_(film)=Dorothy Vernon of Haddon Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arizona_Kid_(1939_film)=The Arizona Kid (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Out_(1998_film)=Colpo di stadio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_at_Camp_119=Natale al campo 119
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trucks_(film)=Trucks - Trasporto infernale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Pantoja_and_the_Special_Services_(2000_film)=Pantaleón e le visitatrici (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Tails=Red Tails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Edge_of_the_City=Città nuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moloch_(film)=Moloch (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happy_Road=Destinazione Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Drummer_Girl_(film)=La tamburina (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Boy_(film)=Proibito rubare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandokan_the_Great_(film)=Sandokan, la tigre di Mompracem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Nights_of_Love=3 notti d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Une_liaison_pornographique=Una relazione privata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Meadows=I campi scarlatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_in_the_Striped_Pyjamas_(film)=Il bambino con il pigiama a righe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_and_Walter_Go_to_New_York=Balordi & Co. - Società per losche azioni capitale interamente rubato $ 1.000.000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Named_John=E venne un uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slalom_(film)=Slalom (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragment_of_Fear=Frammenti di paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outskirts_(1933_film)=Sobborghi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyborg_Soldier=Cyborg Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wednesday!=A Wednesday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_to_Blazes_(1962_film)=I cinque ladri d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_on_a_Summer_Morning=Rapina al sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Nights=Le piacevoli notti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_(1928_film)=Dawn (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Greco_(1966_film)=El Greco (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankee_(film)=Yankee (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target_for_Killing=Tiro a segno per uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Twist_(1933_film)=Oliver Twist (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_People=Funny People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Spies_Are=A caccia di spie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marrying_Man=Bella, bionda... e dice sempre sì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah's_Ark_(2007_film)=L'arca di Noè (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trace_of_Stones=Spur der Steine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantabulous_Inc.=La donna, il sesso e il superuomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Heroes=Dalle Ardenne all'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_Stroke=Colpo maestro al servizio di Sua Maestà britannica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Sentence_(1968_film)=Sentenza di morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Times_Seven=Sette volte sette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_of_Father_Malachia=Das Wunder des Malachias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunting_Scenes_from_Bavaria=Scene di caccia in bassa Baviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Under_Suspicion=Morgen in Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_or_the_Other_of_Us=Einer von uns beiden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasemin=Yasemin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faust_(1960_film)=Faust (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Third=Der Dritte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_(1966_film)=Es (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tattoo_(1967_film)=Il tatuaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O.k._(film)=O.k.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Boss=Il boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Space:_Downfall=Dead Space - La forza oscura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_(1968_film)=Il castello (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trotta_(film)=Trotta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clown_(1976_film)=Ansichten eines Clowns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabian_(film)=Fabian (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men...=Uomini (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cock-Eyed_World=I due rivali (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider's_Web_(film)=La tela del ragno (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fiancee_(film)=La fidanzata (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Your_Move_(1968_film)=Uno scacco tutto matto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Rillington_Place=L'assassino di Rillington Place n. 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alibi_(1969_film)=L'alibi (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midas_Run=Il colpo era perfetto, ma...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detective_Belli=Un detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Wall_(1994_film)=The Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_(1997_film)=Barbara (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama,_I'm_Alive=Mama, Ich lebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turning_Point_(1983_film)=Der Aufenthalt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_for_Emmanuelle=Io, Emmanuelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Archangel=L'arcangelo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_of_Sleep=Schlafes Bruder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Knocks_Twice=La morte bussa due volte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_Gregory=Alla ricerca di Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rendezvous_with_Dishonour=Appuntamento col disonore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Promise_(1995_film)=La promessa (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathmaker=Der Totmacher - La belva ferita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Au_Pair_Girls=Le femmine sono nate per fare l'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooks_and_Coronets=Gangster tuttofare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Could_Only_Cook=Sarò tua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yatterman_(film)=Yattaman - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Undercover=Xin za shimei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cop_(1970_film)=L'uomo venuto da Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Have_Changed_Their_Face=...hanno cambiato faccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Saw_Her_Die%3F=Chi l'ha vista morire?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_in_the_Labyrinth=L'occhio nel labirinto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Killed_the_Prosecutor_and_Why%3F=Terza ipotesi su un caso di perfetta strategia criminale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Girl_Killed_in_the_Park=Ragazza tutta nuda assassinata nel parco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Arm_of_the_Godfather=La mano lunga del padrino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libera,_My_Love=Libera, amore mio!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_mataf=Tre per una grande rapina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Holiday=La villeggiatura (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_Is_a_Woman_(1974_film)=Il sorriso del grande tentatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_from_an_Unknown_Woman_(1948_film)=Lettera da una sconosciuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Balloon_Vendor=Il venditore di palloncini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Febbre_da_cavallo=Febbre da cavallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_as_a_Lily=Come una rosa al naso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'affittacamere=L'affittacamere (film 1976)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Like_a_Cop,_Die_Like_a_Man=Uomini si nasce poliziotti si muore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Frustrated_Housewife=La moglie di mio padre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Operator_(1976_film)=Il genio (film 1976)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merciless_Man=Genova a mano armata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_and_Bars_(1988_film)=Un gentleman a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_(1922_film)=Sherlock Holmes (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Wife=La sposa del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Date_(1959_film)=L'inchiesta dell'ispettore Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pane,_burro_e_marmellata=Pane, burro e marmellata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passengers_(1977_film)=Viaggio di paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holocaust_2000=Holocaust 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nightcomers=Improvvisamente, un uomo nella notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Kranz_tedesco_di_Germania=Professor Kranz tedesco di Germania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charley_One-Eye=Charley (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Forever_Yamato=Yamato per sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_(1919_film)=Victory (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Days_with_Coo=Un'estate con Coo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamato:_The_New_Voyage=Yamato - Il nuovo viaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_to_Space_Battleship_Yamato=Addio Yamato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Battleship_Yamato_(1977_film)=Corazzata spaziale Yamato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Import/Export=Import/Export
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_braghe_del_padrone=Le braghe del padrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodnight,_Ladies_and_Gentlemen=Signore e signori, buonanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Wilder:_Freshman_Year=Niente regole: siamo al college
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_Juku_the_Dog=Kutsu-Juku seiklusi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_at_Dunkirk=Week-end a Zuydcoote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Gore_Police=Tokyo Gore Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Captain's_Table=Sotto coperta con il capitano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crimson_Kimono=Il kimono scarlatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wreck_of_the_Mary_Deare_(film)=I giganti del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Scandal_in_Paris=Uno scandalo a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_Dead_Gay_Guys=9 Dead Gay Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Target=Wild Target
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man's_Folly_(film)=Agatha Christie: Caccia al delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slacker_Uprising=Slacker Uprising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Byron_of_Broadway=Lord Byron of Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eternal_City_(1915_film)=The Eternal City (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_no_Nikki=Anne no nikki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neverwas=Neverwas - La favola che non c'è
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_in_the_Way=Always in the Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmy_of_Stork's_Nest=Emmy of Stork's Nest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirin_(film)=Shirin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Frietchie_(film)=Barbara Frietchie (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonsense_Revolution=Nonsense Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimples_(1916_film)=Dimples (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_Mary=Lovely Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazylegs_(film)=Crazylegs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_and_Scream_Again=Terrore e terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Leads_the_Way=Peggy Leads the Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goha=I giorni dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puttin'_On_the_Ritz_(film)=Follie di Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Josie=La donna del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extract_(film)=Extract
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Serious_Man=A Serious Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clique_(film)=The Clique (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Fiddle=A 077, dalla Francia senza amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_for_Ruth=Delitto di coscienza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_(1912_film)=Cleopatra (film 1912)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fever_(2004_film)=The Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stoning_of_Soraya_M.=The Stoning of Soraya M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Banishment=Izgnanie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_a_Mosquito_Operates=How a Mosquito Operates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaves_of_Grass_(film)=Fratelli in erba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Agency_(film)=Gli altri giorni del Condor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Stupid=The Age of Stupid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Via_Montenapoleone_(film)=Via Montenapoleone (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Bedfellows_(1965_film)=Strani compagni di letto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengal_Brigade=I fucilieri del Bengala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornets'_Nest=I lupi attaccano in branco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_Flat=L'appartamento dello scapolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Keep=Ardenne '44, un inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigantic_(film)=Gigantic (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streamers_(film)=Streamers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splinter_(2008_film)=Splinter (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wielka_droga=La grande strada - L'odissea di Montecassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Island_(film)=L'isola della paura (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuelle_(film)=Emmanuelle (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Journey=Atterraggio forzato (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Call_of_the_Wild_(1972_film)=Il richiamo della foresta (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Call_of_the_Wild_(1908_film)=The Call of the Wild (film 1908)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Value_for_Money=Febbre bionda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loser_Takes_All_(film)=Amami... e non giocare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outside_Man=Funerale a Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Like_a_Moose=Mighty Like a Moose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echelon_Conspiracy=Echelon Conspiracy - Il dono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jayne_Mansfield_Story=La storia di Jayne Mansfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Brando=Always Brando - Quand tombent les étoiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuelle_2=Emmanuelle l'antivergine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Emmanuelle=Goodbye Emmanuelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuelle_6=Emmanuelle 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Moto's_Last_Warning=L'ultimo avvertimento di Mr. Moto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuelle_7=Emmanuelle 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_(2008_film)=Snow (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powers_That_Prey=Powers That Prey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derby_Day_(1923_film)=Derby Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin:_Live_at_St._Ann's_Warehouse=Berlin: Live at St. Ann's Warehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_into_Fear_(1943_film)=Terrore sul Mar Nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropical_Snow=Neve tropicale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorian_Gray_(2009_film)=Dorian Gray (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sur_(film)=Sur (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Carey,_U.S.A.=La spia del lago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Burn_(1986_film)=Slow Burn (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoic_(film)=Stoic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah's_Arc:_Jumping_the_Broom=Noah's Arc: Jumping the Broom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amal_(film)=Amal (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season's_Beatings=Pranzo di Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_and_Robin_(serial)=Batman and Robin (serial cinematografico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seed_of_Discord=Il seme della discordia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_Dragnet=FBI operazione Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Housekeeper's_Daughter=La casa delle fanciulle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_and_Lucy=Wendy and Lucy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctors'_Wives_(1931_film)=Fiamme di gelosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brief_Interviews_with_Hideous_Men_(film)=Brief Interviews with Hideous Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Found_Stella_Parish=La scomparsa di Stella Parish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Victim_of_the_Mormons=Vittima dei Mormoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Eats=Neonati prodigio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Pete's_Sake!=Forza Pete!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzhou_River_(film)=Suzhou River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divot_Diggers=Golf, che passione!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Spanley=Dean Spanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polvere_di_stelle=Polvere di stelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_in_Love=Christmas in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Golden_Hours=Cinque ore in contanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Scandal=Scandalo segreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lazarus_Child=L'ultima porta - The Lazarus Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helter_Skelter_(1949_film)=Helter Skelter (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trapp_Family=La famiglia Trapp (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passage_(1979_film)=Casablanca Passage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugambilia=Amore maledetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_of_Paradise_(1932_film)=Luana, la vergine sacra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dear_Enemy=Meotjin haru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guns_of_Darkness=L'attimo della violenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spanish_Dancer=La gitana (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentathlon_(film)=Giochi pericolosi (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_of_War_(film)=L'ultima missione (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shooter_(1995_film)=Shooter - Attentato a Praga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nouvelle_Vague_(film)=Nouvelle vague (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Englishman_in_New_York_(film)=An Englishman in New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorority_Row=Patto di sangue (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Key_(1958_film)=La chiave (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_the_Outlaw=La notte senza legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontypool_(film)=Pontypool - Zitto... o muori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touched_by_Love=Touched by Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Men_(film)=X-Men (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forces_occultes=Forze occulte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadko_(film)=Sadko (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaudi_Afternoon=Frankie e Ben - Una coppia a sorpresa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_Dragons=Il ponte del dragone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronia,_the_Robber's_Daughter_(film)=Ronja Rövardotter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raw_Nerve_(1991_film)=Intuizioni mortali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Aaj_Kal=L'amore ieri e oggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Want_to_Be_a_Man=Non vorrei essere un uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameriera_bella_presenza_offresi...=Cameriera bella presenza offresi...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortunella_(film)=Fortunella (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Christmas,_Drake_&_Josh=Merry Christmas, Drake & Josh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_besejrede_Pebersvende=De besejrede Pebersvende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peacock_Alley_(1922_film)=Miss Gloria balla la danza del pavone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_at_the_zoo=Me at the zoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Picard_Is_Famous=Famous - Lisa Picard Is Famous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_(2005_film)=Nana (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pom_Pom_(film)=Pom Pom (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Siege_of_Firebase_Gloria=Attacco alla base militare Gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_You...=In amore c'è posto per tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doghouse_(film)=Doghouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streets_of_Blood=Streets of Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cats_&_Dogs:_The_Revenge_of_Kitty_Galore=Cani & gatti - La vendetta di Kitty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Romantic=Romantici nati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Care_of_Your_Scarf,_Tatiana=Tatjana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She-Devils_on_Wheels=She-Devils on Wheels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marc_Pease_Experience=Un microfono per due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboy_from_Brooklyn=Cowboy from Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ex_Drummer=Ex Drummer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leningrad_Cowboys_Meet_Moses=Leningrad Cowboys Meet Moses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainwashed_(film)=Scacco alla follia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spookies=Spookies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Girls_(film)=Some Girls (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailors_(film)=Blåjackor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_(2009_film)=Sherlock Holmes (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motherhood_(2009_film)=Motherhood - Il bello di essere mamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelor_(1955_film)=Lo scapolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Extraordinary_Seaman=Il capitano di lungo... sorso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernesto_(film)=Ernesto (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tall_Story=In punta di piedi (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_Down=Un giorno di ordinaria follia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Ashes=Little Ashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedemann_Bach_(film)=Senza gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Night=Notte di nozze (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_nano_e_la_strega=Il nano e la strega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kicking_It=Kicking It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham's_Valley=La valle del peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Say_Goodbye_(1956_film)=Come prima... meglio di prima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Love,_My_Bride_(1990_film)=Na-ui sarang, na-ui sinbu (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_So_Dumb=Gabbia di matti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Cool_of_the_Day=Amori proibiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beloved_Enemy=Il nemico amato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Prince_Charlie_(1948_film)=Carlo di Scozia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinner_at_the_Ritz=Pranzo al Ritz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_of_1999=Classe 1999
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Red_the_Rose_(film)=La rosa del sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Checkpoint_(1956_film)=Criminali sull'asfalto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Demon=La casa al nº 13 in Horror Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_of_Nowhere_(2008_film)=Middle of Nowhere (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_M.A.R.S._(1922_film)=The Man From M.A.R.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Espions=Le spie (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britney:_For_the_Record=Britney: For the Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Quixote_(unfinished_film)=Don Chisciotte (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oblivion_2:_Backlash=Il West del futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear(s)_of_the_Dark=Peur(s) du noir - Paure del buio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles_at_Shea_Stadium=The Beatles at the Shea Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Marciano_(film)=Rocky Marciano (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Rising_Sun_(film)=Tragico oriente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Glimpse_of_Hell_(film)=Come all'inferno - A Glimpse of Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wait_Until_Dark_(film)=Gli occhi della notte (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Vanya_(1970_film)=Zio Vanja (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mourning_Becomes_Electra_(film)=Il lutto si addice ad Elettra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suspended_Step_of_the_Stork=Il passo sospeso della cicogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sheltering_Sky_(film)=Il tè nel deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Rileys=Welcome to the Rileys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laan_mig_din_kone=Lån mig din kone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Man_of_the_Navidad=The Wild Man of the Navidad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scirocco_(film)=Scirocco (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Argent_(1928_film)=Il denaro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_4=Scream 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_for_a_Dancer=Falling for a Dancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weapon_(film)=L'arma del delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagbard_and_Signe=Den røde kappe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taking_of_Power_by_Louis_XIV=La presa del potere da parte di Luigi XIV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creation_(2009_film)=Creation (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Weird_(film)=Something Weird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beethoven's_Big_Break=Beethoven - A caccia di Oss... car!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girlfriend_Experience=The Girlfriend Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children,_Mother,_and_the_General=All'est si muore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_for_Lovers=Amanti (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Cat_(1981_film)=Black Cat (Gatto nero)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Command=Né onore né gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_to_Love_and_a_Time_to_Die=Tempo di vivere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Daffodil=Il segreto del narciso d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Puzzle_of_the_Red_Orchid=L'enigma dell'orchidea rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indian_Scarf=Il laccio rosso (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saw_VI=Saw VI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_(2009_film)=Fame - Saranno famosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_the_Black_Widow=La vedova nera (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Ride_to_Santa_Cruz=La lunga strada della vendetta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_of_the_Renegades=Giorni di fuoco (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_the_Beast=Love the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Finnish_Summer_with_Turisas=A Finnish Summer with Turisas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aux_yeux_du_souvenir=Con gli occhi del ricordo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retour_de_manivelle=Delitto sulla Costa Azzurra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blindfold:_Acts_of_Obsession=Sesso bendato - In balia dell'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsessed_(1992_film)=Ossessione d'amore (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_on_Heels:_The_Battle_of_Mary_Kay=La battaglia di Mary Kay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Him_to_the_Greek=In viaggio con una rock star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_'Til_the_End=L'amica del cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dirty_Game=La guerra segreta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Soon_(1982_film)=Coming Soon (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_Brothers:_The_3D_Concert_Experience=Jonas Brothers: The 3D Concert Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancer_Spy=La spia dei lancieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_Glove_Killer=Delitto al microscopio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/31_North_62_East=31 North 62 East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Blossoms_(film)=Kirschblüten - Hanami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lodger_(2009_film)=The Lodger - Il pensionante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Is_a_Freshman=L'adorabile intrusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_of_Dr._Moreau_(1996_film)=L'isola perduta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Man_in_Istanbul=Colpo grosso a Galata Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Fought_Alone=La ragazza di tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_with_the_Devil_(film)=L'uomo sbagliato (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Million_Eyes_of_Sumuru=Le labbra proibite di Sumuru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biloxi_Blues_(film)=Frenesie... militari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASEketball=Baseketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agora_(film)=Agora (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Taste_of_Blood=A Taste of Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Golden_Dragons=I cinque draghi d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychopath_(1968_film)=Sigpress contro Scotland Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coplan_Saves_His_Skin=L'assassino ha le ore contate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ruthless_Four=Ognuno per sé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_from_Oklahoma=Lo sceriffo senza pistola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_Sid=Surviving Sid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vatican_Affair=A qualsiasi prezzo (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquis_de_Sade:_Justine=Justine, ovvero le disavventure della virtù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Will_Rogers=The Story of Will Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transylvania_Twist=Transylvania Twist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrooge_(1935_film)=Scrooge (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Water_Transit=Black Water Transit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Prey_2=Fritt vilt II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pussycat,_Pussycat,_I_Love_You=Pussycat, Pussycat, I Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_into_Fear_(1975_film)=La rotta del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rebound=The Rebound - Ricomincio dall'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_Twice=Due volte Giuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Face=A doppia faccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangster's_Law=La legge dei gangsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_in_Furs_(1969_Franco_film)=Paroxismus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Did_a_Nice_Girl_Like_You_Get_Into_This_Business%3F=Dove vai senza mutandine?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_God_Said_to_Cain=E Dio disse a Caino...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gribouille_(film)=Il caso del giurato Morestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orage_(film)=Delirio (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabiola_(1949_film)=Fabiola (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Mata_Hari=Dossier 212 - destinazione morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchill's_Leopards=I Leopardi di Churchill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_Justice_(film)=La belva (film 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fistful_of_Death=Giù la testa... hombre!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Barrel_Full_of_Dollars=Per una bara piena di dollari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Name_Was_King=Lo chiamavano King...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaughter_Hotel=La bestia uccide a sangue freddo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_the_Living_and_Pray_for_the_Dead=Prega il morto e ammazza il vivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vengeance_Is_a_Dish_Served_Cold=La vendetta è un piatto che si serve freddo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_of_Death=Il venditore di morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Killer=Black Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Clint_the_Stranger=Il ritorno di Clint il solitario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accidents_Happen=Accidents Happen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanted_(1967_film)=Wanted (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_Olympics=La grande olimpiade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bloody_Hands_of_the_Law=La mano spietata della legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hand_That_Feeds_the_Dead=La mano che nutre la morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lover_of_the_Monster=Le amanti del mostro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footprints_on_the_Moon_(1975_film)=Le orme (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_the_Ripper_(1976_film)=Erotico profondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mermaid_Got_Married=Ren yu chuan shuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation:_Endgame=Operation: Endgame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsession_(1954_film)=Domanda di grazia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oasis_(1955_film)=Oasi (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marguerite_de_la_nuit=Margherita della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Antoinette_Queen_of_France=Maria Antonietta, regina di Francia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectacular!=Spectacular!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_for_the_Summer=Racconti d'estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Corrupt_Man=Morte di una carogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piranha_3D=Piranha 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fruits_of_Passion=Les fruits de la passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Money_(film)=Per amore e per denaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Name:_Wild_Geese=Arcobaleno selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Stolen_Stars=La maledizione dei rubini scomparsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commando_Leopard=Commando Leopard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timestalkers=I cacciatori del tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandi_cacciatori=Grandi cacciatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lions_Are_Loose=I leoni scatenati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mata_Hari_(1985_film)=Un corpo da spiare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Chat_et_la_souris=Il gatto, il topo, la paura e l'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirrors_(film)=Riflessi di paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_Musical_(franchise)=High School Musical (serie di film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_in_68=Nés en 68
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Lemon_Lima=Dear Lemon Lima - Il diario di Vanessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sovereign's_Servant=Sluga gosudarev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Women_(1939_film)=Donne (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maneater_(film_series)=Maneater (serie di film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_and_the_King=Ester e il re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doll_(1919_film)=La bambola di carne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Quiet_Life=Una vita tranquilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_with_a_Million_Eyes=The Beast with a Million Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After.Life=After.Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yogi_Bear_(film)=L'orso Yoghi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Dorado_(1921_film)=El Dorado (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Avenging_Conscience=Ragnatela (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_True_Story_of_Jesse_James=La vera storia di Jess il bandito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_Room=The Killing Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warriors_of_the_Rainbow:_Seediq_Bale=Saideke Balai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orchid_Gardener=Orchidégartneren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Burning_Passion:_The_Margaret_Mitchell_Story=L'amore travolgente di Margaret Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takers=Takers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Extraordinary_Adventures_of_Mr._West_in_the_Land_of_the_Bolsheviks=Le straordinarie avventure di Mr. West nel paese dei bolscevichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Ice_(film)=Ghiaccio blu (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raining_Cats_and_Frogs=La profezia delle ranocchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/District_13:_Ultimatum=Banlieue 13 Ultimatum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaminey=Kaminey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Zan:_The_Ultimate_Mission=Missione finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammersmith_Is_Out=Una faccia di c...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rottweiler_(film)=Rottweiler (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parson's_Widow=La vedova del pastore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_and_I=Agi-wa na
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_in_Blue_(1919_film)=Il ragazzo in blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satan_(1920_film)=Satana (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunchback_and_the_Dancer=Il gobbo e la ballerina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Water_Magician=Taki no shiraito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orizuru_Osen=O-Sen delle cicogne di carta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Substitute_3:_Winner_Takes_All=L'ora della violenza 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Husbands=Mariti ciechi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Exit_(1962_film)=Tre individui tanto odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_into_the_Night=Il cammino della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marizza=Marizza, detta la signora dei contrabbandieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Expulsion_(film)=L'espulsione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_Duke's_Finances=Finanze del granduca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_(film)=Sonny (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Digue_(film)=La Digue (film 1911)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Paris_with_Love_(film)=From Paris with Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barberousse=Barbarossa (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenth_Symphony=La decima sinfonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ironmaster=Il padrone delle ferriere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Man=The Big Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Bikini=Radio Bikini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Voyage=Il viaggio fantastico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_of_the_Gods_II=Denti assassini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design_for_Death=Design for Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_into_Medicine=Journey into Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Land=The Secret Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daybreak_in_Udi=Daybreak in Udi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Titan:_Story_of_Michelangelo=Il titano, storia di Michelangelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill,_Baby,_Kill=Operazione paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Summer_(1993_film)=Ritorno a Tamakwa - Un'estate indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Around_Us_(film)=Il mare intorno a noi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navajo_(film)=Navajo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Queen_Is_Crowned=A Queen Is Crowned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_&_Alice=Frankie & Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Meteors=The Killer Meteors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Squad=First Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Days_in_November=Quei quattro giorni di novembre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Die_in_Madrid=Morire a Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Warm_December=Grazie per quel caldo dicembre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Time,_Next_Year_(film)=Lo stesso giorno, il prossimo anno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_By_for_Action=Forzate il blocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spy_Next_Door=Operazione Spy Sitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_Evil_Lake=La leggenda del lago maledetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voyeur_(1970_film)=Giuochi particolari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_(2008_film)=Camille (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Inhumaine=Futurismo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Olympics_in_Mexico=Giochi olimpici (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Flick=Dance Flick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chariots_of_the_Gods_(film)=Gli extraterrestri torneranno (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_Anybody_There%3F=Is Anybody There?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_(1978_film)=Halloween - La notte delle streghe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_World_(film)=Ghost World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solaris_(1972_film)=Solaris (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_of_the_Apes_(2001_film)=Il pianeta delle scimmie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_(1997_Australian_film)=Casa dolce casa (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_(2005_film)=Black (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orange_Girl=La ragazza delle arance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Girls_2=Mean Girls 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_of_the_Furious_Five=I segreti dei cinque cicloni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_Without_Jews=Die Stadt ohne Juden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accidental_Gangster_and_the_Mistaken_Courtesan=1724 gibang nandong sageon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_a_Dull_Moment_(1950_film)=Che vita con un cowboy!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_a_Whisper_to_a_Scream_(film)=Il villaggio delle streghe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picnic_on_the_Grass=Picnic alla francese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tramway_(film)=Tramwaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walls_of_Fire=Walls of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thieving_Hand=The Thieving Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homage_to_Chagall:_The_Colours_of_Love=Homage to Chagall: The Colours of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_the_Guardians:_The_Owls_of_Ga'Hoole=Il regno di Ga'Hoole - La leggenda dei guardiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre_(1934_film)=Jane Eyre - L'angelo dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drowning_Ghost=Drowning Ghost - Oscure presenze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Go_Tales=Go Go Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_at_Apache_Pass=Kociss, l'eroe indiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_in_Galilee=Nozze in Galilea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirage_(1972_film)=Espejismo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Belvedere_Goes_to_College=Il signor Belvedere va in collegio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Bees_(1974_film)=Killer Bees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mothers_of_Plaza_de_Mayo=Las madres de la Plaza de Mayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldiers_in_Hiding=Soldiers in Hiding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_on_the_Range=Rhythm on the Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chile:_When_Will_It_End%3F=Chile: Hasta Cuando?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witness_to_Apartheid=Witness to Apartheid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellfire:_A_Journey_from_Hiroshima=Hellfire: A Journey from Hiroshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Stitch_for_Time=A Stitch for Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cry_of_Reason=The Cry of Reason - Beyers Naude: An Afrikaner Speaks Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promises_to_Keep_(film)=Promises to Keep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Killed_Vincent_Chin%3F=Who Killed Vincent Chin?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Clayton_Powell_(film)=Adam Clayton Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crack_USA:_County_Under_Siege=Crack USA: County Under Siege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Chief:_The_Life_and_Legacy_of_Earl_Warren=Super Chief: The Life and Legacy of Earl Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_(2004_film)=Jack (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_(1977_film)=Hausu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coffin=The Coffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Magic=My Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Building_Bombs=Building Bombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldo_Salt:_A_Screenwriter's_Journey=Waldo Salt: A Screenwriter's Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_on_the_Job=Death on the Job
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doing_Time:_Life_Inside_the_Big_House=Doing Time: Life Inside the Big House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restless_Conscience:_Resistance_to_Hitler_Within_Germany_1933-1945=The Restless Conscience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_by_Law=Wild by Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changing_Our_Minds:_The_Story_of_Dr._Evelyn_Hooker=Changing Our Minds: The Story of Dr. Evelyn Hooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fires_of_Kuwait=Fires of Kuwait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Certain_Age=Quella certa età (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_the_Movies:_Bernard_Herrmann=Music for the Movies: Bernard Herrmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Sky_(film)=El cielo dividido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation_of_a_Monk=Le tentazioni di un monaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Mountain_(film)=Il 7º Lancieri carica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Love_(1939_film)=Il primo bacio (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broadcast_Tapes_of_Dr._Peter=The Broadcast Tapes of Dr. Peter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D-Day_Remembered=D-Day Remembered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complaints_of_a_Dutiful_Daughter=Complaints of a Dutiful Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Great_Day_in_Harlem_(film)=A Great Day in Harlem (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canadians_(1961_film)=I canadesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accident_(2009_film)=Accident (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unthinkable=Unthinkable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Lovers=I seduttori della domenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wave_(2008_film)=L'onda (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_Aaron:_Chasing_the_Dream=Hank Aaron: Chasing the Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Wonders=Piccole meraviglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Line_King:_The_Al_Hirschfeld_Story=The Line King: The Al Hirschfeld Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandela_(1996_film)=Mandela (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Farrell:_Elusive_Muse=Suzanne Farrell: Elusive Muse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pigeon_That_Took_Rome=Pranzo di Pasqua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_the_Truth_and_Run:_George_Seldes_and_the_American_Press=Tell the Truth and Run: George Seldes and the American Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayn_Rand:_A_Sense_of_Life=Ayn Rand: A Sense of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosita_(film)=Rosita (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colors_Straight_Up=Colors Straight Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Home_at_the_End_of_the_World_(film)=Una casa alla fine del mondo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Date=Questa è la vita (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Couples_Retreat=L'isola delle coppie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ask_Any_Girl_(film)=Tutte le ragazze lo sanno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancemaker=Dancemaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenny_Bruce:_Swear_to_Tell_the_Truth=Lenny Bruce: Swear to Tell the Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regret_to_Inform=Regret to Inform
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_(2000_film)=Legacy (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomie:_Re-birth=Tomie: Re-birth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomie:_Beginning=Tomie: Beginning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomie:_Revenge=Tomie: Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomie:_Another_Face=Tomie: Another Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomie:_Replay=Tomie: Replay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Island=L'isola del peccato (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Tent=La tenda nera (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Now_the_Screaming_Starts!=La maledizione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beast_Stalker=The Beast Stalker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_Enemy_Lines:_Colombia=Dietro le linee nemiche III - Missione Colombia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronson_(film)=Bronson (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Geese_II=I 4 dell'Oca selvaggia II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristin_Lavransdatter_(film)=Kristin Lavransdatter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hero_Never_Dies=A Hero Never Dies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pizza_Tweety_Pie=Venezia, la luna e Silvestro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Invasion=5 per la gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crush_and_Blush=Miss Hongdangmu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Invisible_Sign=I numeri dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_(1924_film)=Secrets (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fired_Up!=Fired Up! - Ragazzi pon pon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tale_of_Legendary_Libido=Garujigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lady_of_Chance=L'avventuriera (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rembrandt:_A_Self-Portrait=Rembrandt: A Self-Portrait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_Hot_in_Cracktown=Life Is Hot in Cracktown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_(2008_film)=Bimong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_and_Max=Mary and Max
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season_of_the_Witch_(2011_film)=L'ultimo dei Templari (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_City_(film)=Mubangbi dosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_amore=Un amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'antimiracolo=L'antimiracolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dictator's_Guns=Corpo a corpo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassination_in_Rome=Assassinio made in Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_World_of_Topo_Gigio=Le avventure di Topo Gigio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_and_Day_(2008_film)=Bamgwa nat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_the_Mountain_(film)=El rey de la montaña
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventurer_of_Tortuga=L'avventuriero della Tortuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Coffin_for_the_Sheriff=Una bara per lo sceriffo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reckless=Una bella grinta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin,_Appointment_for_the_Spies=Berlino: appuntamento per le spie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Bill,_Hero_of_the_Far_West=Buffalo Bill - L'eroe del Far West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadavere_a_spasso=Cadavere a spasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_We_Got_Into_Trouble_with_the_Army=Come inguaiammo l'esercito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Camillo_in_Moscow=Il compagno don Camillo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Time_for_Princes=La congiuntura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conqueror_of_Atlantis=Il conquistatore di Atlantide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Who_Was_Superman=Superman-i-eotdeon sana-i
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raajneeti=Raajneeti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Dana_Dan=De Dana Dan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sailor_from_Gibraltar=Il marinaio del Gibilterra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kismet_(1920_film)=Kismet (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Eli=Codice Genesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Exile=All'ombra della ghigliottina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Frozen_Flower=Ssanghwajeom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_They_Sail=Quattro donne aspettano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drag_Me_to_Hell=Drag Me to Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Young,_So_Bad=Belle giovani e perverse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undertow_(1949_film)=Chicago, bolgia infernale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tempest_(2010_film)=The Tempest (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oye_Lucky!_Lucky_Oye!=Oye Lucky! Lucky Oye!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baltimore_Bullet=Baltimore Bullet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafayette_Escadrille_(film)=La squadriglia Lafayette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Lady_of_the_Assassins_(film)=La vergine dei sicari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Edgware_Dies_(film)=Lord Edgware Dies (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perrier's_Bounty=Perrier's Bounty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_by_the_Book=Bareuge salja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapado_2:_Back_to_the_Island=Mapado 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Times,_Wonderful_Times=Good Times, Wonderful Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SS_Girls=Casa privata per le SS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eternal_City_(1923_film)=The Eternal City (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveling_Hopefully=Traveling Hopefully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_Everybody_Happy%3F_(1929_film)=Is Everybody Happy? (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_(2008_film)=Skin (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Regret_(film)=Huhoehaji anh-a
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield's_Pet_Force=Garfield - Il supergatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roses_of_the_Desert=Le rose del deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytechnique_(film)=Polytechnique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello,_Schoolgirl=Sunjeong manhwa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marine_2=Presa mortale 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smilin'_Through_(1941_film)=Catene del passato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smilin'_Through_(1922_film)=Smilin' Through (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smilin'_Through_(1932_film)=Catene (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_a_Night_Porter's_Point_of_View=Dal punto di vista di un portiere notturno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Buddies=Supercuccioli nello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Gogh_(1991_film)=Van Gogh (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Essay_on_Matisse=An Essay on Matisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_the_Red-Nosed_Reindeer:_The_Movie=Rudolph, il cucciolo dal naso rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megamind=Megamind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naruto_Shippuden_the_Movie:_The_Will_of_Fire=Naruto Shippuden - Eredi della volontà del Fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fox_Family=Gumiho gajok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Birds_(1942_film)=Sparvieri di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satan_Never_Sleeps=Storia cinese (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transatlantic_(1931_film)=Transatlantico (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazinger_Z_vs._Devilman=Mazinga Z contro Devilman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Buffalo_(film)=American Buffalo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnificent_Brute=Il magnifico bruto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winterset_(film)=Sotto i ponti di New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Snow=Dead Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daicon_III_and_IV_Opening_Animations=Daicon III e Daicon IV Opening Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cass_(2008_film)=Cass (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Easily_Broken=Cuori di vetro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Fury=Capitan Furia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandal_Makers=Gwasok scandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeping_Cardinal=Il re dell'ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven's_Burning=Paradiso di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Chance_Harvey=Oggi è già domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Museum_by_the_Zoo=Misulgwan yeop dongmur-won
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Evidence=Strange Evidence (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Suzanne=Susanna (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Alexander_Graham_Bell=La sposa di Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Love=Cheongchun-manhwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_Conquest=La strage di Alamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boys_from_Syracuse_(film)=Hellzapoppin in Grecia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_Love_(film)=In cerca d'amore (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Kensington_(film)=South Kensington (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twilight_Saga:_New_Moon=The Twilight Saga: New Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_on_the_Arrow=1000 dollari per un Winchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitter_Sweet_(1940_film)=Tzigana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maskerade_(film)=Mascherata (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asterix_at_the_Olympic_Games_(film)=Asterix alle Olimpiadi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundown_(1941_film)=Inferno nel deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Few_Good_Men=Codice d'onore (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_White_(2008_Italian_film)=Bianco e nero (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Night_(2010_film)=Last Night (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Thousand_Hills=Il re della prateria (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Queen=Rivalità (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Letter,_Darling=Segretario a mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_(film)=Newcastle (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Face_(film)=North Face - Una storia vera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_on_34th_Street_(1994_film)=Miracolo nella 34ª strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Gardens_(2009_film)=Grey Gardens - Dive per sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomber_(1982_film)=Bomber (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_for_Freedom=Aquile sul Pacifico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Love_(2007_film)=Nae sarang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_the_Sexes_(1928_film)=La battaglia dei sessi (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_II_(2009_film)=Halloween II (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellbound_(film)=Hellbound - All'inferno e ritorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chouchou_(film)=Chouchou (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pawnbroker_(film)=L'uomo del banco dei pegni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shorts_(2009_film)=Il mistero della pietra magica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_The_Record_of_Nobita's_Parallel_Visit_to_the_West=Doraemon: Nobita no parallel Saiyūki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Address_Unknown_(1944_film)=Address Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gaucho=Il gaucho (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ong_Bak_3=Ong-Bak 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Makeover=Eonni-ga ganda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stiletto_(2008_film)=Stiletto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_Lively_(1944_film)=Hotel Mocambo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Desert_Song_(1943_film)=Il canto del deserto (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_in_the_Dark_(film)=Le schiave della città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_You're_Strange=When You're Strange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bravissimo_(film)=Bravissimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fist_of_the_North_Star_(1986_film)=Ken il guerriero - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/District_9=District 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_and_Punishment_(1935_American_film)=Ho ucciso!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Danube=Il Danubio rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Men_in_Manhattan=Le jene del quarto potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Young_to_Kiss=L'ingenua maliziosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Mother's_House=Tutte le sere alle nove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Interns_(film)=La pelle che scotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Guys_Named_Mike=Le vie del cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Rebel=Gioventù ribelle (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Certain_Smile_(film)=Un certo sorriso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_System_(1964_film)=The System (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alucarda=Alucarda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showdown_(1973_film)=A viso aperto (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentlemen_Broncos=Gentlemen Broncos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_and_Smoke_(film)=Estate e fumo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Period_of_Adjustment_(film)=Rodaggio matrimoniale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Quatermain_and_the_Temple_of_Skulls=Allan Quatermain and the Temple of Skulls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Blow_Your_Horn_(film)=Alle donne ci penso io
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Touch_of_Grey=A Touch of Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strike_Up_the_Band_(film)=Musica indiavolata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_the_Middle_(film)=Tra due fuochi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Ever_Afters=Indovina chi sposa Sally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaily,_Gaily=Chicago Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pin_Up_Girl_(film)=La fidanzata di tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troma's_War=Troma's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travels_with_My_Aunt_(film)=In viaggio con la zia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fox_with_Nine_Tails=Gumiho (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_in_High_Places:_Live_in_Hawaii=Music in High Places: Live in Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavale=Rincorsa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour_of_the_Star=A hora da estrela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Love,_Only_for_Love=Per amore, solo per amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rebel_(1993_film)=La ribelle (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todo_es_mentira=Tutto è bugia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarnished_Lady=Il marito ricco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlestar_Galactica:_The_Plan=Battlestar Galactica: The Plan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutlass_(film)=Cutlass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Sarah=Sarah Bernhardt - La più grande attrice di tutti i tempi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Life_of_Her_Own=L'indossatrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Fawn's_Devotion=White Fawn's Devotion: A Play Acted by a Tribe of Red Indians in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blondie_of_the_Follies=Blondie of the Follies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_John_(2010_film)=Dear John (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So's_Your_Old_Man=So's Your Old Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_on_Parade=Galas de la Paramount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Je_me_souviens_(2009_film)=Je me souviens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everlasting_Moments=Maria Larssons eviga ögonblick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Through_the_Night_(film)=Sesta colonna (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carpetbaggers_(film)=L'uomo che non sapeva amare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunsmoke_(film)=Il dominatore del Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Swedish_Love_Story=En kärlekshistoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Getting_of_Wisdom_(film)=Il sapore della saggezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appu_(2002_film)=Appu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurt_(2009_film)=Hurt (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_and_Ice:_The_Dragon_Chronicles=Fire & Ice - Le cronache del drago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lovers_(1946_film)=Amanti in fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hancock_(film)=Hancock (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vengeance_(2009_film)=Vendicami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_No._217=La ragazza numero 217
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Khan=Il mio nome è Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krabat_(film)=Krabat e il mulino dei dodici corvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Chance_(1945_film)=L'ultima speranza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Life:_A_Parable_for_the_Nuclear_Age=Half Life (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Glinka=Glinka (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Young_Wife=Le miserie del signor Travet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Orchid=Eroi senza armi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lover's_Return=Lo spettro del passato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Visit_to_the_Seaside=A Visit to the Seaside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Without_Wings=Uomini senz'ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombardier_(film)=19º stormo bombardieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anacondas:_Trail_of_Blood=Anaconda - Sentiero di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_the_Ridge=Anche libero va bene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_(1958_film)=L'amante pura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_giorno_nella_vita=Un giorno nella vita (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Moscow!=Zdravstvuj, Moskva!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoya_(film)=Zoja (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_and_Antoinette=Amore e fortuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Jane's_Mishap=Mary Jane's Mishap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_Will_Surrender=Il delitto di Giovanni Episcopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homesdale=Homesdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sick_Kitten=Sick Kitten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_That_Jack_Built_(1900_film)=The House That Jack Built (film 1900)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Symphonie_fantastique=Delirio d'amore (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Trail=Le montagne d'argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Back_in_Anger_(1980_film)=Look Back in Anger (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blind_Sunflowers_(film)=Los girasoles ciegos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harmonium_in_My_Memory=Nae ma-eum-ui punggeum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_jeux_sont_faits_(film)=Risorgere per amare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Damned_(1947_film)=I maledetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Cardboard_Lover=Avventura all'Avana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Macon's_Run=La fuga di Eddie Macon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Night,_Paul=Good Night, Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Betters=Our Betters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coco_Chanel_(film)=Coco Chanel (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_the_Dark_(1947_film)=Sperduti nel buio (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_and_the_Dead_(2006_film)=The Living and the Dead (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaw_Trail:_The_Treasure_of_Butch_Cassidy=La leggenda del tesoro scomparso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Late_George_Apley_(film)=Schiavo del passato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_a_Dragon=Like a Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canyon=The Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Act_of_Murder=Il delitto del giudice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Amore_(film)=L'amore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Expendables_(2010_film)=I mercenari - The Expendables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killer_Inside_Me_(2010_film)=The Killer Inside Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_House_on_the_Left_(2009_film)=L'ultima casa a sinistra (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_That_Witness_Madness=Delirious - Il baratro della follia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li'l_Abner_(1940_film)=Il villaggio più pazzo del mondo (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_in_Gingham=Die Buntkarierten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Happy_Breed_(film)=La famiglia Gibbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Buddies=Supercuccioli a Natale - Alla ricerca di Zampa Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Pirate=Il corsaro (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pebble_and_the_Penguin=Hubie all'inseguimento della pietra verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighting_(2009_film)=Fighting (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhinoceros_(film)=Il rinoceronte (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lies_of_Love=L'amorosa menzogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibling_Rivalry_(film)=Scappatella con il morto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_March=Miss Marzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsession_(1949_film)=Vendico il tuo peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rendezvous_in_July=Le sedicenni (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Life=Ritorna la vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destry_(film)=La storia di Tom Destry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandal_at_Scourie=L'orfana senza sorriso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prayers_for_Bobby=Prayers for Bobby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mussolini_and_I=Io e il Duce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Food_Fast_Women=Fast Food, Fast Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indian_Fighter=Il cacciatore di indiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Episode_(film)=Episodio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forbidden_Christ=Il Cristo proibito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_Is_a_Woman_(1950_film)=Femmina diabolica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Polish_Bride=La sposa polacca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boondock_Saints_II:_All_Saints_Day=The Boondock Saints 2 - Il giorno di Ognissanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_Treasure_Island=Pirates of Treasure Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliette,_or_Key_of_Dreams=Juliette o la chiave dei sogni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_of_a_Cossack=Il cavaliere dalla stella d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_(1942_film)=Incubo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flesh_and_the_Fiends=Le jene di Edimburgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_the_Bronx=Fuga dal Bronx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_White_Serpent_(1956_film)=Byaku fujin no yoren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_in_Love_with_the_Girl_Next_Door=Colpo di fulmine (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caboblanco=Caboblanco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Marathon=Maratona d'autunno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Virgin_(2009_film)=American Virgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exorcism:_The_Possession_of_Gail_Bowers=Exorcism: The Possession of Gail Bowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Side_Street_Story=Napoli milionaria (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rainbow_Thief=Il ladro dell'arcobaleno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_(2008_film)=8 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Omega=I Am Omega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Deadly_Sins_(1952_film)=I sette peccati capitali (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Belle_Histoire=La belle histoire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precious_(film)=Precious (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_March_of_Scotland_Yard=Colonnello March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/588_rue_paradis=Quella strada chiamata paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Goes_My_Baby_(film)=I ribelli (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Arete=Arīte hime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_in_a_Jeep=Quattro in una jeep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casper_(film)=Casper (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_the_Storm=Arashi no naka no hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Lord_Fauntleroy_(1921_film)=Little Lord Fauntleroy (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Gay_Musical=The Big Gay Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accused_(2005_film)=Anklaget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Letter_(1997_film)=Pyeonji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Medium_(1951_film)=Il medium (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency_Landing_(1952_film)=Nødlanding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Devil_of_a_Woman=Der Weibsteufel (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_the_Ripper_(1959_film)=Jack lo squartatore (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottoms_Up_(1934_film)=Alla conquista di Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colossus_of_New_York=Il colosso di New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madagascar_3:_Europe's_Most_Wanted=Madagascar 3 - Ricercati in Europa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_Hello_to_Yesterday=Il ragazzo e la quarantenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Affairs_of_Susan=Gli amori di Susanna (film 1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogeyman_3=Boogeyman 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_Harold...and_the_Boys_(2010_film)=Master Harold... and the Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barabbas_(1953_film)=Barabba (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Me_Madam_(film)=Chiamatemi Madame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evening_Bell=Wan zhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zouzou_(film)=Zouzou (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humpday=Humpday - Un mercoledì da sballo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Cangaceiro=Il brigante (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virtuous_Sin=Peccato virtuoso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder-Set-Pieces=Murder-Set-Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_by_Television=Un dramma per televisione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Maiden:_Flight_666=Flight 666
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bram_Stoker's_Dracula's_Curse=Bram Stoker's Dracula's Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Lost_World=King - Il re del mondo perduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Leaping_Fish=The Mystery of the Leaping Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_of_Madame_Yuki=Il ritratto della signora Yuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_(film)=Le ragazze della Casa Bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_of_Penitence=Zange no yaiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundle_of_Joy=Un turbine di gioia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Agent=British Agent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revanche_(film)=Revanche - Ti ucciderò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hills_Run_Red_(1966_film)=Un fiume di dollari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Da_Vinci_Treasure=The Da Vinci Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloudy_with_a_Chance_of_Meatballs_(film)=Piovono polpette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Magic=Magia verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wayward_Wife=La provinciale (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_(1926_film)=Nanà (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duchess_of_Langeais=La duchessa di Langeais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangelion:_3.0_You_Can_(Not)_Redo=Evangelion: 3.0 You Can (Not) Redo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Village_(1953_film)=I figli della tempesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_Shines_Bright=Il sole splende alto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thief_of_Damascus=Eroi di mille leggende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Reindeer=Il bianco pastore di renne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_the_Deluge=Prima del diluvio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockabye_(1932_film)=Labbra proibite (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Far_Horizons=I due capitani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnaval=Karnaval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Goes_My_Love=Un genio in famiglia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neapolitan_Carousel=Carosello napoletano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_Fandango=Cirkus Fandango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicle_of_Poor_Lovers=Cronache di poveri amanti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Paint_(1953_film)=Pantera rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Storm_(film)=The Final Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windfall_in_Athens=Risveglio domenicale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maddalena_(1954_film)=Maddalena (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tess_of_the_Storm_Country_(1914_film)=Tess of the Storm Country (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_List_(1989_film)=Hit List - Il primo della lista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kickboxer_3=Kickboxer 3 - Mani di pietra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleeder_(film)=Bleeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solaris_(1968_film)=Soljaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kick-Ass_(film)=Kick-Ass (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/976-Evil_II=976 - Chiamata per il diavolo 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Protection_Program=Programma protezione principesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comanche_Station=La valle dei mohicani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Panday_(2009_film)=Ang Panday (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Officers'_Ward_(film)=La Chambre des officiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Valentine_(film)=Shirley Valentine - La mia seconda vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Adventure_(1953_film)=La meravigliosa avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Warrior_Skanderbeg=Skanderbeg l'eroe albanese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Big_Family=Una grande famiglia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reader_(1988_film)=La lettrice (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Det_brenner_i_natt!=Det brenner i natt!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Dossier_(film)=Fascicolo nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_24_Doesn't_Answer=Collina 24 non risponde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_and_Juliet_(1955_film)=L'ultima danza di Romeo e Giulietta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Strapp_and_Froggy_Ball_Flying_High=Kalle Stropp och Grodan Boll på svindlande äventyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buried_Alive_(2007_film)=Buried Alive (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_(2008_film)=Monster (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Love_(film)=Gli innamorati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandalay_(film)=Tanya (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cat_in_the_Brain=Un gatto nel cervello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_(1997_film)=Il fiume (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyvern_(film)=Il demone dei ghiacci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_Evil=Perché il dio fenicio continua ad uccidere?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Involuntary_(film)=Involuntary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_Eric=Il mio amico Eric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewster's_Millions_(1945_film)=Milioni in pericolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_Sides_(film)=A torto o a ragione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Week_(2008_film)=One Week (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_(1955_film)=Mat' (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Othello_(1955_film)=Otello il moro di Venezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_Harbor_(film)=Safe Harbor - Un porto sicuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Lonesome_(film)=Bandito senza colpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glorious_39=Glorious 39
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suck_(film)=Suck (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kiss_from_Mary_Pickford=Poceluj Meri Pikford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Is_a_Lonely_Number=Una donna in attesa di divorzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaby:_A_True_Story=Gaby - Una storia vera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gifted_Hands:_The_Ben_Carson_Story=Gifted Hands - Il dono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Linda_McCartney_Story=The Linda McCartney Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Experiment_II=Philadelphia Experiment 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atomic_City=La città atomica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afternoon_of_the_Bulls=Plaza de toros (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partly_Cloudy=Parzialmente nuvoloso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_of_Peace_(film)=La valle della pace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_and_Forever_(film)=Al cuor non si comanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Quixote_(1957_film)=Don Chisciotte (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guendalina=Guendalina (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bug_Buster=Bug Buster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Woman_(2009_film)=L'amore e altri luoghi impossibili (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_Chance=Taking Chance - Il ritorno di un eroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Abduction_(2005_film)=Alien Abduction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauties_of_the_Night=Le belle della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_and_the_River=L'eau vive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Husbands=Giovani mariti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_River=London River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatchet_for_the_Honeymoon=Il rosso segno della follia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Tower_(film)=Manhattan Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_Abiding_Citizen=Giustizia privata (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morphine_(film)=Morfij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Rosa_di_Bagdad=La rosa di Bagdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outlaw_and_His_Wife=I proscritti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Have_You_Done_to_Solange%3F=Cosa avete fatto a Solange?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immediate_Family_(film)=Legami di famiglia (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Locusts_(film)=Le locuste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_the_Scorpion's_Tail=La coda dello scorpione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Matter_of_Dignity=L'ultima bugia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_of_Straw=L'uomo di paglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingeborg_Holm=Ingeborg Holm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_There_Was=Terje Vigen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aryan=Il bandito della miniera d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanfare_(film)=Fanfare (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_(1958_film)=Eva. Confidenze di una minorenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_of_the_Night=Nel mezzo della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Home_for_Tanya=Otčij dom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Elly=About Elly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Policarpo_(film)=Policarpo, ufficiale di scrittura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Heaven_and_Hell_(film)=I diavoli del Pacifico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Train_Without_a_Timetable=Il treno senza orario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Milk_of_Sorrow=Il canto di Paloma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchanting_Shadow=The Enchanting Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_with_the_Dog_(film)=La signora dal cagnolino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Delinquents_(1960_film)=I monelli (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Switch_(2010_film)=Due cuori e una provetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demonia_(film)=Demonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerreros=Guerreros (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Obsession=La chiave (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayflower:_The_Pilgrims'_Adventure=Il viaggio della Mayflower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fools_of_Fortune=La casa del destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Time_to_Time_(film)=Il segreto di Green Knowe - From Time to Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closed_for_Winter=Closed for Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards_of_Waverly_Place:_The_Movie=I maghi di Waverly: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Days..._Seven_Nights=Moderato cantabile (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_Never_Sent_(film)=La lettera non spedita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilly_Turner=Lilly Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_City_(1937_film)=La grande città (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Between=Accadde a Berlino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midshipman_Easy=Midshipman Easy (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_Holiday_(film)=Fiamme di passione (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_Contact=Direct Contact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Racer_(film)=Street Racer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_in_Paradise=Ombre nel paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Dark=Last Night - Morte nella notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_Night=Halloween Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Crime_ne_paie_pas=Il delitto non paga (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joy_of_Living=Che gioia vivere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody's_Fine_(1990_film)=Stanno tutti bene (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Judge_(1960_film)=Angeli alla sbarra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Witness_(1960_film)=L'ultimo testimone (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passionate_Demons=Line (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Brother=Il fratello minore (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicle_of_Flaming_Years=Storia degli anni di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball:_Ssawora_Son_Goku,_Igyeora_Son_Goku=Dragon Ball (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wastrel=Il relitto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Mungo_(film)=Lake Mungo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bread_of_Those_Early_Years=Das Brot der frühen Jahre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatching_Pete=Pete il galletto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Love_Has_Vanished=Due (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dust_of_Time=La polvere del tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Maison_en_Petits_Cubes=Tsumiki no ie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menschen_im_Hotel=Grand Hotel (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyland_(film)=Spielzeugland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrik,_Age_1.5=Patrik 1,5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Holidays=Vacanze d'inverno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Weekend_(2008_film)=Long Weekend (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merlin_and_the_War_of_the_Dragons=Merlino e la battaglia dei draghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Trees_Were_Tall=Kogda derev'ja byli bol'šimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postcards_from_the_Edge_(film)=Cartoline dall'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twilight_Saga:_Eclipse=The Twilight Saga: Eclipse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_(film)=Doc (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ExTerminators_(film)=Come ti ammazzo l'ex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lass_from_the_Stormy_Croft=La ragazza della torbiera di Stormyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conjugal_Bed_(1963_film)=Una storia moderna - L'ape regina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Daughter=The New Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pornographer=Le Pornographe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning,_Babylon=Good Morning Babilonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Quiet_Week_in_the_House=Tichý týden v dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gacy_(film)=Gacy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_Fairfax=Beatrice Fairfax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carom_Shots=Tre morti per Giulio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codine=Sangue al sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker_(film)=The Hitchhiker (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rat_Trap_(film)=Il sentiero dei disperati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linear_(film)=Linear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Serenade=Broadway Serenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greed_in_the_Sun=100.000 dollari al sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ape_Woman=La donna scimmia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_in_Mourning=Una vergine in nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin_Lovers_(1953_film)=Amanti latini (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drama_of_the_Lark=Pacsirta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Takes_a_Flyer=La signora prende il volo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sands=Red Sands - La forza occulta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Love_Possessed_(film)=Ossessione amorosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_in_Paradise_(film)=Uno scapolo in paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Has_Many_Faces=Strani amori (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bittersweet_Love=Amore dolce amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freezer_Burn_(film)=Freezer Burn (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampage_(1986_film)=Korkusuz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Writer_(film)=L'uomo nell'ombra (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Lantern:_First_Flight=Lanterna Verde: Prima missione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dive_Bomber_(film)=Bombardieri in picchiata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monastery_of_Sendomir=Il monastero di Sendomir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_(1978_film)=Patrick (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Voices=Le voci bianche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skoplje_'63=Skopje '63
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_317th_Platoon=317º battaglione d'assalto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocents_in_Paris=Provinciali a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Men_in_a_Boat_(1956_film)=Tre uomini in barca (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Debt_(2010_film)=Il debito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeless_to_Harvard:_The_Liz_Murray_Story=Abbandonata dal destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joneses=The Joneses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pack_(1977_film)=Il branco (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keroro_Gunso_the_Super_Movie_3:_Keroro_vs._Keroro_Great_Sky_Duel=Chō gekijōban Keroro gunsō 3: Keroro tai Keroro - Tenkū dai kessen de arimasu!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casbah_(film)=Casbah (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enchanted_Island_(film)=I rinnegati dell'isola misteriosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Weeks_with_Love=Due settimane d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowhere_Boy=Nowhere Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_(2008_film)=Summer (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_A_(film)=Boy A (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verboten!=Verboten, forbidden, proibito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_Bogart's_Face=Il detective con la faccia di Bogart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_the_Evil_Gun=L'ultimo colpo in canna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_(2010_film)=13 - Se perdi... muori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasputin_and_the_Empress=Rasputin e l'imperatrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassin_of_the_Tsar=L'assassino dello zar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Trip_to_Chinatown_(film)=A Trip to Chinatown (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moment_of_Truth_(film)=Il momento della verità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_(2010_film)=Salt (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowmen_(film)=Il guinness dei pupazzi di neve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_(2008_film)=The Garden (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_at_Large_(film)=Dottore a spasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_with_the_Gun=Sangue caldo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandido_(1956_film)=Bandido (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Premier_Cercle=La legge del crimine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_and_Women_(1964_film)=I piaceri della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_of_the_Hanged=La foresta degli impiccati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombieland=Benvenuti a Zombieland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keeper_(2009_film)=The Keeper (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuttle_(film)=Shuttle - L'ultima corsa verso l'oscurità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sucker_Punch_(2011_film)=Sucker Punch (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._North=Mr. North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Further_On=Tarahumara - La vergine perduta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Nietzsche_in_Turin=I giorni di Nietzsche a Torino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_the_Romanoffs=The Fall of the Romanoffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Was_an_Old_Couple=Žili-byli starik so staruchoj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Life_(2008_film)=La buena vida (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_the_East_Wind=Con el viento solano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_to_Look_At=Modelle di lusso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pipes=Le pipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paan_Singh_Tomar_(film)=Paan Singh Tomar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hour_and_Turn_of_Augusto_Matraga=A hora e a vez de Augusto Matraga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Street_2:_Stand_Your_Ground=Hooligans 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_All_Night=Rock tutta la notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenin_in_Poland=Lenin in Polonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ashes_(film)=Ceneri sulla grande armata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_a_Paddle:_Nature's_Calling=Without a Paddle 2 - Il richiamo della natura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Still_Kill_the_Old_Way=A ciascuno il suo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_for_Strangers=Hotel per stranieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'immorale=L'immorale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misunderstood_(1966_film)=Incompreso (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unknown_Man_of_Shandigor=La vergine di Shandigor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_Game_(1967_film)=Gioco di massacro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Blood's_Coffin=La bara del Dottor Sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teza_(film)=Teza (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Psalm=Salmo rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Sharp_Shock_(film)=Kurz und schmerzlos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Evil=Il signore delle tenebre (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Love,_My_Love_(film)=Mon amour, mon amour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winds_of_the_Aures=Rih al awras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Days_and_a_Child=Shlosha Yamim Veyeled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entranced_Earth=Terra in trance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Octobre=Marie-Octobre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulpan=Tulpan - La ragazza che non c'era
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frauds_(film)=Scherzi maligni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Flew_Over_the_Cuckoo's_Nest_(film)=Qualcuno volò sul nido del cuculo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hangover=Una notte da leoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_and_Lucinda_(film)=Oscar e Lucinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Meeting=Último encuentro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hypnotic_Eye=L'occhio ipnotico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Capitano:_A_Swedish_Requiem=Il capitano (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Effi_Briest_(1974_film)=Effi Briest (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Called_Peter=A Man Called Peter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_by_Contract=Assassinio per contratto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invictus_(film)=Invictus - L'invincibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Salesman_(1951_film)=Morte di un commesso viaggiatore (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Sonata=Tokyo Sonata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apocalypse_(2007_film)=The Apocalypse (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_and_the_Stars=E lucean le stelle (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_Jane_Date=See Jane Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eminent_Domain_(film)=L'esercizio del potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Story_(1942_film)=Una storia d'amore (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temp_(film)=Maledetta ambizione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messenger_of_Death=Messaggio di morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertigine_d'amore=Vertigine d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Law_(1950_film)=Contro la legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dog's_Life_(1950_film)=Vita da cani (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accusation=Atto di accusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tale_of_Five_Cities=Passaporto per l'oriente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Is_Always_Paris=Parigi è sempre Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mute_of_Portici=La muta di Portici (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Jackson_&_the_Olympians:_The_Lightning_Thief=Percy Jackson e gli dei dell'Olimpo - Il ladro di fulmini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barefoot_Savage=Sensualità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tragic_Return=Tragico ritorno (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divine_Woman=La donna divina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cake_Eaters=The Cake Eaters - Le vie dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conviction_(2010_film)=Conviction (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepfather_III=In casa con il nemico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_One_(film)=La forza del singolo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eternal_Chain=L'eterna catena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Feathers=Penne nere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lulu_(1953_film)=Lulù (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eager_to_Live=Febbre di vivere (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Never_Too_Late_(1953_film)=Non è mai troppo tardi (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Heroes=Gli eroi della domenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_viale_della_speranza=Il viale della speranza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schiava_del_peccato=La schiava del peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_Princess_(film)=La principessa delle Canarie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Slice_of_Life_(1954_film)=Tempi nostri - Zibaldone n. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Fear=Never Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_Tortuga=I pirati di Tortuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prussian_Cur=Il bastardo prussiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Girl:_Chrissa_Stands_Strong=Chrissa - Che fatica la scuola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Tall:_The_Payback=Walking Tall 2 - La rivincita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_and_the_Dead_(film)=Il nudo e il morto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Month_by_the_Lake=Un mese al lago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Love=Giorni d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Toms_of_Mayumba=Tam tam Mayumbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miller's_Beautiful_Wife=La bella mugnaia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Shark_Versus_Giant_Octopus=Mega Shark Versus Giant Octopus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Thief=Il ladro del re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centurion_(film)=Centurion (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terminators_(film)=The Terminators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_World_of_Communism=The Lost World of Communism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_for_Time_(film)=Fania (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_and_Yoko:_A_Love_Story=John and Yoko: A Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reunion_(1989_film)=L'amico ritrovato (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_to_Be_a_Woman=La fortuna di essere donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bigamist_(1956_film)=Il bigamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_and_the_Healer=Il medico e lo stregone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fathers_and_Sons_(1957_film)=Padri e figli (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Factor_(1979_film)=Il fattore umano (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomahawk_(film)=Tomahawk - Scure di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sand,_Love_and_Salt=La ragazza della salina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Wonderful_Moment=Il momento più bello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Minutes_of_Heaven=L'ombra della vendetta - Five Minutes of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Troubles=Amore e guai...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Wife's_Enemy=Il nemico di mia moglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dumbfounded_King=Il re stupito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worst_Years_of_Our_Lives=I peggiori anni della nostra vita (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piece_of_the_Sky=Un ettaro di cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinando_I,_re_di_Napoli=Ferdinando I° re di Napoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_of_Rome=Fantasmi a Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassin_(1961_film)=L'assassino (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lawless_Street=I senza Dio (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fugitive_from_Chicago=L'evaso di Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navy_Blue_and_Gold_(film)=La vita a vent'anni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_Up_(1965_film)=L'uomo dei cinque palloni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Soldier:_Regeneration=Universal Soldier: Regeneration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me,_Me,_Me..._and_the_Others=Io, io, io... e gli altri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_Loud,_Louder..._I_Don't_Understand=Spara forte, più forte... non capisco!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_(1997_Austrian_film)=Das Schloss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Grenade=I cinque disperati duri a morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_Replayy=Action Replayy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Carve_Up!_(film)=Sette allegri cadaveri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamonds_for_Breakfast_(film)=Diamanti a colazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design_for_Living_(film)=Partita a quattro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honorary_Consul_(film)=Il console onorario (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Avengers_(2012_film)=The Avengers (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chung_Kuo,_Cina=Chung Kuo, Cina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Cities_of_Gold_(film)=Le sette città d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scipio_the_African=Scipione detto anche l'Africano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Friends_(1982_film)=Amici come prima (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1870_(film)=Correva l'anno di grazia 1870
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Rocco_Papaleo=Permette? Rocco Papaleo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Priest's_Wife=La moglie del prete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Only_Happens_to_Others=Tempo d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_International_Playboy=The Last International Playboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bounty_Hunter_(1954_film)=Cacciatori di frontiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Soon_(2008_film)=Coming Soon (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liza_(1972_film)=La cagna (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manslaughter_(2005_film)=Gli innocenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Asya_Klyachina=Storia di Asja Kljacina che amò senza sposarsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Man_2=Iron Man 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Man_3=Iron Man 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abduction_Club=The Abduction Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_10:_Alien_Swarm=Ben 10: Alien Swarm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Over_the_Plains=Per la vecchia bandiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romantic_Comedy_(1983_film)=Scherzi di cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Away_We_Go=American Life (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Bomb_(1953_film)=Terrore sul treno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanted_Wings=I cavalieri del cielo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darfur_(film)=Darfur (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undead_or_Alive=Undead or Alive - Mezzi vivi e mezzi morti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Weekend_(1973_film)=Mordi e fuggi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Polo_(2007_film)=Marco Polo (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Slightly_Pregnant_Man=Niente di grave, suo marito è incinto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail_the_Artist=L'idolo della città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Lady_in_Ermine=La signora in ermellino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Game_(2010_film)=Fair Game - Caccia alla spia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fabulous_Baron_Munchausen=Il barone di Munchausen (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_Pot_(1975_film)=La pupa del gangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_the_Ancient_Staircase=Per le antiche scale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunday_Woman_(film)=La donna della domenica (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunatics_and_Lovers=Culastrisce nobile veneziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todo_modo=Todo modo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Murder=Doppio delitto (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neapolitan_Mystery=Giallo napoletano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Feud_(1978_film)=Fatto di sangue fra due uomini per causa di una vedova. Si sospettano moventi politici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_Jam_(film)=L'ingorgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Dawn=Alba di ghiaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasma_d'amore=Fantasma d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Door_(1982_film)=Oltre la porta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Out_(1975_film)=Operazione Siegfried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriela_(1983_film)=Gabriela (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Piera=Storia di Piera (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_Long_Legs_(1931_film)=Papà Gambalunga (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elton_John:_Me,_Myself_&_I=Elton John: Me, Myself & I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ondine_(film)=Ondine - Il segreto del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_of_the_Dead_Army_(film)=Il generale dell'armata morta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_IV_(film)=Enrico IV (film 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Lives_of_Mattia_Pascal=Le due vite di Mattia Pascal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macaroni_(film)=Maccheroni (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beekeeper_(film)=Il volo (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Lullaby=L'uomo che ho ucciso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Marble=The Black Marble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Curtain_(film)=Il sipario di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Was_Sherlock_Holmes=Sherlock Holmes (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Ingmar=I figli di Ingmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Proud_Rebel=L'orgoglioso ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Deal_After_20_Years=I soliti ignoti vent'anni dopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fine_Romance_(film)=Cin cin (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towards_Evening=Verso sera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_(1991_film)=Un amore, forse due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suor_Emanuelle=Suor Emanuelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children_Thief=Il ladro di ragazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Want_to_Talk_About_It_(film)=Di questo non si parla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1,_2,_3,_Sun=Uno, due, tre, stella! (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hundred_and_One_Nights=Cento e una notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_to_the_Beginning_of_the_World=Viaggio all'inizio del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mask_of_the_Avenger=La maschera del vendicatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food,_Inc.=Food, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Jesus_(film)=Seduto alla sua destra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Hours_in_the_Life_of_a_Woman_(1968_film)=Vingt-quatre heures de la vie d'une femme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Karenina_(1967_film)=Anna Karenina (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_amore_perfetto=Un amore perfetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Narnia:_The_Voyage_of_the_Dawn_Treader=Le cronache di Narnia - Il viaggio del veliero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandits_in_Milan=Banditi a Milano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Gangster=L'ultimo gangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drums_Across_the_River=Al di là del fiume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Challenge=Sfida oltre il fiume rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Upthrown_Stone=Feldobott kö
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Confrontation_(film)=Venti lucenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Play_with_Me_(1968_film)=Grazie zia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Je_t'aime,_je_t'aime=Je t'aime, je t'aime - Anatomia di un suicidio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torpedo_Bay=Finché dura la tempesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmorphers:_Fall_of_Man=Transmorphers: Fall of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notebook_on_Cities_and_Clothes=Appunti di viaggio su moda e città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_Mrs._Cheyney_(1929_film)=L'onestà della signora Cheyney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Pacific_(film)=Amore selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_(1968_film)=Joanna (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_Soldiers=Mali vojnici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Report_on_the_Party_and_the_Guests=La festa e gli invitati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedian_Harmonists_(film)=Comedian Harmonists (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Was_a_Castle_with_Forty_Dogs=C'era un castello con 40 cani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bionicle:_The_Legend_Reborn=Bionicle - La rinascita della leggenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capricious_Summer=Un'estate capricciosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tevye_and_His_Seven_Daughters=Tuvia Vesheva Benotav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trilogy_(film)=Trilogy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew's_Days=Żywot Mateusza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_the_Proud_Land=La terra degli Apaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calcutta_(1969_film)=Calcutta (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Point_(2009_film)=Breaking Point (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain_Again=España otra vez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_of_the_Bells=Il miracolo delle campane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_than_a_Game=More Than a Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_a_Priest=Morte di un parroco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashback_(1969_film)=Flashback (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graveyard_Shift_(1990_film)=La creatura del cimitero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonah_Hex_(film)=Jonah Hex (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine_Gun_McCain=Gli intoccabili (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metti,_una_sera_a_cena=Metti, una sera a cena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Days_of_Pompeii_(1935_film)=Gli ultimi giorni di Pompei (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boys_Are_Back_(film)=Ragazzi miei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior_(2011_film)=Warrior (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspiration_(1931_film)=La modella (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_Horseback=La spietata legge del ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prime_of_Miss_Jean_Brodie_(film)=La strana voglia di Jean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Leap_in_the_Dark=Salto nel vuoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Sinner_(film)=Saint Sinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Comfort_Farm_(film)=Cold Comfort Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Murder_of_Crows_(film)=Analisi di un delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Trouble_(1948_film)=Io non t'inganno, t'amo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_My_Compatriots=Cronaca morava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cell_2=The Cell 2 - La soglia del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossworlds=Crossworlds - Dimensioni incrociate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Saddle=Sella d'argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Leap=Indagine su un parà accusato di omicidio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clash_of_the_Titans_(2010_film)=Scontro tra titani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malatesta_(film)=Malatesta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metello=Metello (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miller_and_the_Sweep=The Miller and the Sweep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Secret_(film)=Il terzo segreto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike's_Murder=L'assassinio di Mike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanfan_la_Tulipe_(2003_film)=Il tulipano d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cohens_and_Kellys=The Cohens and the Kellys (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comanche_Territory_(1950_film)=Pelle di bronzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulips_of_Haarlem=I tulipani di Haarlem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Live_the_Bride_and_Groom=¡Vivan los novios!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popi=Papà... abbaia piano!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Secret=Un secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaughter_Trail=L'assalto delle frecce rosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_That_Time_Forgot_(2009_film)=The Land That Time Forgot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Pratermizzi=Maschera d'oro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Is_Where_You_Find_It=Occidente in fiamme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gazebo=Gazebo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flight_(film)=La guardia bianca (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_califfa=La Califfa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loot_(1970_film)=Loot (film 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Who_Love_Me_Can_Take_the_Train=Ceux qui m'aiment prendront le train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Here_to_Be_Loved=Je ne suis pas là pour être aimé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Married_Couple_of_the_Year_Two=Gli sposi dell'anno secondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_(film)=Mira (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Life_(1971_Polish_film)=Vita di famiglia (film 1971)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deadly_Trap=Unico indizio: una sciarpa gialla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King,_Queen,_Knave_(film)=Un ospite gradito... per mia moglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voodoo_Island=L'isola stregata degli zombies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_It_On:_Fight_to_the_Finish=Ragazze nel pallone - Lotta finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Won't_Grow_Old_Together=L'amante giovane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Day_of_the_Rest_of_Your_Life=Le premier jour du reste de ta vie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemon_Tree_(film)=Il giardino di limoni - Lemon Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Courageous_Heart_of_Irena_Sendler=Il coraggio di Irena Sendler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhouse_(1981_film)=There Was a Little Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_(2009_film)=Adam (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Glory_(2010_film)=Il buongiorno del mattino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Femme_de_nulle_part=La femme de nulle part
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambush_(1950_film)=L'imboscata (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visitors_(1972_film)=I visitatori (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_True_Nature_of_Bernadette=Una donna con tanto amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crazies_(2010_film)=La città verrà distrutta all'alba (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Night_Music_(film)=Gigi (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolution_(1978_film)=L'assoluzione (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hop-Along_Cassidy=Hop-a-long Cassidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-20:_Legend_of_the_Mask=K-20: Legend of the Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Pie_Presents:_The_Book_of_Love=American Pie presenta: Il manuale del sesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hamlet_Less=Un Amleto di meno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_(1973_film)=Belle (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Ribbon=Il nastro bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outrage_(2009_film)=Outrage (film 2009 Dick)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Red_Army_(film)=United Red Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Zahrain=Fuga da Zahrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ip_Man_2=Ip Man 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Hard_Ride=La parola di un fuorilegge... è legge!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monologue_(film)=Monolog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Want_the_Colonels=Vogliamo i colonnelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Beauty_(1971_film)=Criniera selvaggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_During_Wartime_(film)=Perdona e dimentica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_of_Gore_(2007_film)=The Wizard of Gore (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Story_of_Wine=Story of Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visions_of_Eight=Ciò che l'occhio non vede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latcho_Drom=Latcho Drom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Friend_(1971_film)=Il boy friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Hong_Kong=Hollywood Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coco_Before_Chanel=Coco avant Chanel - L'amore prima del mito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_of_the_Port_(1934_film)=La mujer del puerto (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colt_.45_(film)=Colt .45 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Venetian_(film)=Venetianskan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabies_(1958_film)=Rabies (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gardener_(1912_film)=Trädgårdsmästaren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seminole_(film)=Seminole (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_and_Omega_(film)=Alpha and Omega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lawless_Breed=Il diario di un condannato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Family_(film)=Il grugnito dell'aquila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Arrow=Il maggiore Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_Should_Listen=La signorina curiosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tooth_Fairy_(2010_film)=L'acchiappadenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Vultures=Gli avvoltoi del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Island_(film)=City Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_of_Death_(1916_film)=Il bacio della morte (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaza_Suite_(film)=Appartamento al Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_Towards_an_African_Orestes=Appunti per un'Orestiade africana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pony_Express_(film)=Pony Express (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Extra_Man_(film)=Un perfetto gentiluomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Let_Me_Go_(2010_film)=Non lasciarmi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tron:_Legacy=Tron: Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comanche_(1956_film)=La saga dei comanches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promise_Her_Anything=Spogliarello per una vedova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightwing_(film)=Le ali della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murderous_Maids=Les blessures assassines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_General_Villa=The Life of General Villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moment_After_2:_The_Awakening=The Moment After 2 - Ritorno alla vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Lordship's_Last_Will=Il testamento di sua grazia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Doll=Kūki ningyō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tormented_(2009_British_film)=Tormented (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splendor_in_the_Grass_(1981_film)=Splendore nell'erba (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin_Daughter_of_Ingmar=Karin, figlia di Ingmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_the_Alamo=Il traditore di Forte Alamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Fever_(2009_film)=Spring Fever (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_of_the_Blood_Farmers=Invasion of the Blood Farmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_Beyond_Love=Delitto d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milarepa_(1974_film)=Milarepa (film 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nickel_Ride=Il mediatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violins_at_the_Ball=I violini del ballo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_Do_It,_Bees_Do_It=Anche gli uccelli e le api lo fanno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cher_Victor=Ce cher Victor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_with_the_Dead_(film)=Living with the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Sin=Storia di un peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Journey_(film)=L'incredibile avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eclipse_(2009_film)=The Eclipse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortunes_of_Captain_Blood=Le avventure di Capitan Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariken_van_Nieumeghen_(1974_film)=Marika degli inferni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/500_Person_Sex=500 Person Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_George_Raft_Story=Testa o croce (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/92_in_the_Shade=Novantadue gradi all'ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Fought_for_Their_Country=Hanno combattuto per la patria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stripper_(film)=Donna d'estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critical_Care_(film)=Se mi amate...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunt_for_Gollum=La caccia a Gollum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Trinian's_2:_The_Legend_of_Fritton's_Gold=St.Trinian's 2 - La leggenda del tesoro segreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pippi_in_the_South_Seas_(film)=Pippi Calzelunghe e i pirati di Taka-tuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pippi_on_the_Run=Quella strega di Pippi Calzelunghe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_Street:_Money_Never_Sleeps=Wall Street - Il denaro non dorme mai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blackout_(1997_film)=Blackout (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_and_Delilah_(2009_film)=Samson and Delilah (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pray_the_Devil_Back_to_Hell=Pray the Devil Back to Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trouble_With_Money=Gli scherzi del denaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pygmalion_(1937_film)=Pygmalion (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rembrandt_(1940_film)=Rembrandt (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dokter_Pulder_zaait_papavers=Il dottor Pulder coltiva papaveri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rembrandt_fecit_1669=Rembrandt fecit 1669
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Illusionist_(1983_film)=Il giardino delle illusioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon_That_Wasn't_(Or_Was_He%3F)=Un drago, un orso ed altri animali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Dutchman_(1995_film)=L'olandese volante (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Sister_(1995_film)=Zusje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_(1995_film)=Tot ziens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inherit_the_Wind_(1960_film)=...e l'uomo creò Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Flavours_Cornetto_trilogy=Trilogia del Cornetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine-Gun_Kelly_(film)=La legge del mitra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Widow=Una giovane vedova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodyguards_and_Assassins=Bodyguards and Assassins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Lady=La donna misteriosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siesta_(film)=Siesta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_(1944_film)=Arcobaleno (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electra,_My_Love=Elettra, amore mio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuppi_du=Yuppi du (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincere=Vincere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_than_Blue=Seulpeumboda deo seulpeun i-yagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(2009_film)=Home (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampico_(film)=Il traditore dei mari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Meets_Boy_(film)=Sonyeon, sonyeon-eul mannada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Dery_Where_Are_You%3F=Déryné hol van?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Boulevard=London Boulevard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_on_the_Eiffel_Tower=L'uomo della Torre Eiffel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalee_Holloway_(film)=Natalee Holloway (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invention_of_Lying=Il primo dei bugiardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Salt_Prince=Il principe del sale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blind_Side_(film)=The Blind Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inheritance_(1976_film)=L'eredità Ferramonti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Signs=Universal Signs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Beginning_(2009_film)=À l'origine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fish_Tank_(film)=Fish Tank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinatay=Kinatay - Massacro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Grass=Gli amori folli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Map_of_the_Sounds_of_Tokyo=Map of the Sounds of Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Prophet=Il profeta (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enter_the_Void=Enter the Void
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Vices,_Public_Pleasures=Vizi privati, pubbliche virtù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Badger_Palace=Oatari Tanukigoken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Partner=Il complice segreto (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_Tales=Racconti di Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_Portrait_with_a_Lady=Foto di gruppo con signora (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.A._Martin_Photographer=J.A. Martin fotografo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunters_(1977_film)=I cacciatori (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Beneath_the_Sea_(1953_film)=La città sommersa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Proud_Ones=La grande sfida (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wounded_Game=Podranki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Quest_of_Ernest_Bliss=L'avventura di Mr. Bliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Sea_Woman=Il sergente Bum!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London's_Trafalgar_Square=London's Trafalgar Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_Seas=Nei mari dell'Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Corsair=China Corsair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Tomb=Devil's Tomb - A caccia del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bravo_maestro=Bravo maestro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Left-Handed_Woman=La donna mancina (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_Lost=Arcadia Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mother's_Heart=Cuore di madre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers_(film_series)=Transformers (serie di film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobe_Doin'_Work=Kobe Doin' Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Territory=Apache Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Khyber_Rifles_(film)=La carica dei Kyber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambush_Bay=Marines: sangue e gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisa_(film)=Amo Luisa disperatamente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_One_Knows_About_Persian_Cats=I gatti persiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrift_(2009_Brazilian_film)=À deriva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Golden_Age=Racconti dell'età dell'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona_and_Beezus=Ramona e Beezus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Question_of_Taste=Un affare di gusto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crying_Freeman_(film)=Crying Freeman (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Look_Back_(2009_film)=Non ti voltare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outcast_(1954_film)=Il cacciatore di fortuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Adventure=Avventura araba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_Play_(film)=Passion Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_That_Remains=Il tempo che ci rimane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curse_of_the_Crimson_Altar=Black Horror - Le messe nere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Bonheur_(1965_film)=Il verde prato dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Utah_(film)=I disertori di Fort Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Ami_(1939_film)=Bel Ami - L'idolo delle donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Accuse!=L'affare Dreyfus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Sioux_Uprising=Bill West fratello degli indiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coco_Chanel_&_Igor_Stravinsky=Coco Chanel & Igor Stravinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Widow_(1954_film)=L'amante sconosciuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Identity_(film)=Double Identity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Guard_(film)=La giovane guardia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goemon_(film)=Goemon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_River_(film)=Fukai kawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.F.'s_Daughter=La moglie ricca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nefertiti,_Queen_of_the_Nile=Nefertite, regina del Nilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_Crossing=Congo (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roommate=The Roommate - Il terrore ti dorme accanto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Did_I_Get_Married_Too%3F=Why Did I Get Married Too?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Dear_to_Me=Ingen tid til kærtegn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confucius_(2010_film)=Confucio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Lake=U ozera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beastly_(film)=Beastly (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_of_Sumatra=Ad est di Sumatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogtooth_(film)=Dogtooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_(2009_film)=Madre (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_Belle=La regina dei desperados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Say_Never_Mind:_The_Swedish_Bikini_Team=Never Say Never Mind: The Swedish Bikini Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police,_Adjective=Polițist, Adjectiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsar_(film)=Car'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Army_of_Crime=L'Armée du crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Town_Called_Panic_(film)=Panico al villaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman/Batman:_Public_Enemies=Superman/Batman: Nemici pubblici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_Up_3D=Step Up 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awaydays=Awaydays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashes_and_Blood=Cendres et sang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underwater!=Il tesoro sommerso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Romance=4 Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Hot_to_Handle_(1938_film)=L'amico pubblico nº 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Devil=The House of the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Moral_Night=Una notte molto morale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Recourse_to_the_Method=El recurso del método
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blindfolded_Eyes=Gli occhi bendati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_a_Crooked_Shadow=Acqua alla gola (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Moses=Il filibustiere della costa d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hunting_Accident=La mia tenera e gentile bestia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiral_(1978_film)=La spirale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taza,_Son_of_Cochise=Il figlio di Kociss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Ball_Express_(film)=L'autocolonna rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prison_Break:_The_Final_Break=Prison Break: The Final Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saturday_Night_Kid=Lui, lei, l'altra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanganyika_(film)=Tanganika (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Treasure_of_Pancho_Villa=Il tesoro di Pancho Villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchanan_Rides_Alone=Il cavaliere solitario (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arven_(1979_film)=L'eredità (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Father_(film)=Caro papà (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cattle_Drive=Il fuggiasco di Santa Fè
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_Between_Wolf_and_Dog=Donna tra cane e lupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hussy=La drôlesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Survivors_(1979_film)=Los sobrevivientes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_for_the_Gods=Il capitano dei mari del sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Occupation_in_26_Pictures=Occupazione in ventisei quadri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_(1979_film)=Victoria (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun_Fury=Il suo onore gridava vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Test_Dude=Crash Test Dude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grown_Ups_(film)=Un weekend da bamboccioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_and_the_Chipmunks:_The_Squeakquel=Alvin Superstar 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Beautiful_to_Lie=Geunyeoreul midji maseyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Please_a_Lady=Indianapolis (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Glory=La gloriosa avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_the_Irishman=Bulletproof Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Us_Two_(film)=A noi due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie_and_the_Three_Musketeers=Barbie e le tre moschettiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grendizer,_Getter_Robo_G,_Great_Mazinger:_Kessen!_Daikaijuu=UFO Robot Goldrake, il Grande Mazinga e Getta Robot G contro il Dragosauro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Mission=Missione segreta (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Killed_My_Mother=J'ai tué ma mère
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burma_VJ=Burma Vj - Cronache da un paese blindato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dedicatoria=Dedicatoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Date_Night=Notte folle a Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Her_Line_of_Fire=In Her Line of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_Out_(2010_film)=Poliziotti fuori - Due sbirri a piede libero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dug's_Special_Mission=La missione speciale di Dug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaguar_(1979_film)=Jaguar (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Put_on_Ice=Kaltgestellt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Mazinger_vs._Getter_Robo=Il Grande Mazinga contro Getta Robot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Sell_the_Dead=I Sell the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Mazinger_vs._Getter_Robo_G:_Kuchu_Daigekitotsu=Il Grande Mazinga contro Getta Robot G
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beachhead_(film)=Missione suicidio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Feather_(film)=La vergine della valle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Treatment=Poseban tretman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Week's_Vacation=Una settimana di vacanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_Crazy_Horse_(film)=Furia indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Worth_(film)=L'ultima sfida (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe_(film)=Rotaie insanguinate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decision_at_Sundown=Decisione al tramonto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Demetrio_London=Naufragio (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_(2009_film)=Visage (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Tub_Time_Machine=Un tuffo nel passato (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gamekeeper_(film)=The Gamekeeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_and_the_Marine=The Princess & the Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Following=Following
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intruder_in_the_Dust_(film)=Nella polvere del profondo Sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Love_the_Damned=Maledetti vi amerò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warrior's_Way=The Warrior's Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropia_(film)=Metropia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Photogenic=Sono fotogenico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_and_Only_(1999_film)=Den eneste ene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_of_the_Dead_(2000_film)=Island of the Dead - L'isola della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_(film)=Le giubbe rosse del Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_of_Iron=Engel aus Eisen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faktas=Faktas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_of_the_Pavements=La canzone del cuore (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neige_(film)=Neige (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_and_the_Gunfighter=Là dove non batte il sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Kiss...Bang_Bang=Kiss Kiss... Bang Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Girlfriend's_Boyfriend_(2010_film)=Il fidanzato della mia ragazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoner_of_War_(film)=Prisoner of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_of_Love=Passione d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Heritage_(film)=Patrimonio nazionale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Dodge_Stampede=Fort Dodge Stampede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_and_Child_(2009_film)=Mother and Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flame_Top=Tulipää
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_in_War=Uomini in guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_the_City_2=Sex and the City 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Fockers=Vi presento i nostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Hong_Kong=Agguato a Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamikaze_1989=Kamikaze 1989
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascali's_Island_(film)=L'isola di Pascali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acolytes_(film)=Acolytes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Street_(2010_film)=Main St. - L'uomo del futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...And_God_Created_Them=Dios los cría...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Live_with_Me_(film)=Vieni a vivere con me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_with_the_Dragon_Tattoo_(2009_film)=Uomini che odiano le donne (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_You_After_School=Banggwahu oksang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_Hills=Le colline bruciano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Fish=Killer Fish - L'agguato sul fondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_L=Lady L
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Captive_City_(1962_film)=La città prigioniera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_of_Scotland_Yard=Ricatto (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bond_Street_(film)=Vigilia di nozze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Town_on_Trial=Città sotto inchiesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Road=The Man in the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Joan_(1972_film)=La papessa Giovanna (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer's_Blood=Summer's Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Columbus_(miniseries)=Cristoforo Colombo (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Impatient_Years=Anni impazienti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Tough_Bastard=Faccia da bastardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_on_Board_(film)=Sesso, bugie e... difetti di fabbrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invitation_au_voyage=Invito al viaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dangerous_Woman_(1993_film)=Una donna pericolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Dolittle:_Million_Dollar_Mutts=Il dottor Dolittle 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permanent_Residence=Permanent Residence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guns_of_Diablo=Il californiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wicked_Lady_(1983_film)=L'avventuriera perversa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capitalism:_A_Love_Story=Capitalism: A Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsifal_(1982_film)=Parsifal (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu_Panda_2=Kung Fu Panda 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flakes_(film)=Flakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_(film)=Paul (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unnamable_(film)=La creatura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cemetery_Junction_(film)=L'ordine naturale dei sogni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Separation_City=Separation City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raffles,_the_Amateur_Cracksman_(1925_film)=Raffles (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pandora_Project=Segreto militare (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vegas,_City_of_Dreams=Vegas, City of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caught_in_the_Headlights=La formula della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_Mario_Ricci=La morte di Mario Ricci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sky_Crawlers_(film)=The Sky Crawlers - I cavalieri del cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malabar_Princess=Malabar Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters_University=Monsters University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannaja=Mannaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paa_(film)=Paa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tea_and_Sympathy_(film)=Tè e simpatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_on_Frisco_Bay=La baia dell'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secretariat_(film)=Un anno da ricordare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl,_Positive=Girl, Positive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Moon_(2007_film)=Nora Roberts - Carolina Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Wedding=Mi sposo a Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_(2006_film)=Sønner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inception=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Exit_to_Brooklyn_(film)=Ultima fermata Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detective_Dee_and_the_Mystery_of_the_Phantom_Flame=Detective Dee e il mistero della fiamma fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_Years_After=20 Years After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nightmare_on_Elm_Street_(2010_film)=Nightmare (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pool_Hustlers=Io, Chiara e lo Scuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_(film)=Mayumi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goods:_Live_Hard,_Sell_Hard=La concessionaria più pazza d'America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_My_Love=Angelo, amore mio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hangover_Part_II=Una notte da leoni 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Land_of_the_Deaf=Nel paese dei sordi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking,_Walking=Camminacammina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_in_Joburg=Alive in Joburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fimpen=Fimpen il goleador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Lightfoot=Il ribelle d'Irlanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Superfly=Il ritorno di Superfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missionary_Man_(film)=Missionary Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_Action_(film)=Direct Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retrograde_(film)=Retrograde (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Very_Own_(1950_film)=Noi che ci amiamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Men_Who_Stare_at_Goats_(film)=L'uomo che fissa le capre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Back-up_Plan=Piacere, sono un po' incinta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ugly_Duckling_and_Me!=Nome in codice: Brutto Anatroccolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_for_My_Children=Diario per i miei figli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quilombo_(film)=Quilombo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Success_Is_the_Best_Revenge=Il successo è la miglior vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulevard_(1960_film)=Boulevard (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beloved_Vagabond_(1936_film)=L'amato vagabondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragnet_(1947_film)=Dragnet (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gun_That_Won_the_West=L'arma che conquistò il West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doctor's_Dilemma_(film)=Il dilemma del dottore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_tartuffe=Le tartuffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_in_Paradise_(2010_film)=Shadows in Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spikes_Gang=La banda di Harry Spikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanny_McPhee_and_the_Big_Bang=Tata Matilda e il grande botto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirteenth_Guest=Il tredicesimo invitato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_England_(film)=Tell England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khatta_Meetha_(2010_film)=Khatta Meetha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Saganne=Fort Saganne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Such_Good_Friends=Ma che razza di amici!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adieu_Bonaparte=Adieu Bonaparte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood:_The_Last_Vampire_(2009_film)=The Last Vampire - Creature nel buio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_of_the_Guardians=Le 5 leggende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swissmakers=I fabbricasvizzeri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_Question=Donna nel fango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_the_Purple_Reef=Il mistero dello scoglio rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madman_at_War=Scemo di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arab_(1924_film)=L'arabo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mademoiselle_Midnight=La signorina Mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Light_(1932_film)=La bella maledetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rag_Man=The Rag Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_Came_Ruth=Along Came Ruth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_Flirts=Tra moglie e marito (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheaper_to_Marry=Costa meno a prender moglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winged_Victory_(film)=Vittoria alata (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Corn_Is_Green_(1979_film)=Il grano è verde (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Meantime,_Darling=Nel frattempo, cara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underground_(1928_film)=Underground (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Man_(2009_film)=Paper Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_A=Easy Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_We_Were_Beautiful=When We Were Beautiful (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Dada=Swami Dada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear,_Dearest,_Beloved,_Unique...=Milyj, dorogoj, ljubimyj, edinstvennyj...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_the_Black_Cat=Il mistero del gatto grigio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupin_the_3rd_vs._Detective_Conan=Lupin III vs Detective Conan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Sawyer_(1930_film)=Tom Sawyer (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trojan_Women_(film)=Le troiane (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rope_(film)=Nodo alla gola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ambition_of_the_Baron=The Ambition of the Baron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweedie_Goes_to_College=Sweedie Goes to College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romance_of_an_American_Duchess=The Romance of an American Duchess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myriad_of_Lights=Wanjia denghuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Quite_Paradise=Not Quite Jerusalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_of_Midnight=La maschera di mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_(film)=Alien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Pledge=The Broken Pledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dash_of_Courage=A Dash of Courage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Danger_Girl=The Danger Girl (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_of_Angels=La voce degli angeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whose_Baby%3F=Whose Baby?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sultan's_Wife=The Sultan's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pullman_Bride=The Pullman Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Decision=Her Decision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colpo_di_luna=Colpo di luna (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Code_(film)=The Secret Code (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Tell_Everything=Mezza pagina d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Gilded_Cage=La gabbia dorata (film 1922 Wood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Husband's_Trademark=Un sogno d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Rocks_(film)=L'età di amare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Impossible_Mrs._Bellew=Una donna impossibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_American_Wife=La mia sposa americana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolan's_Cadillac_(film)=Dolan's Cadillac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_Me_(2010_film)=Remember Me (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_Alexina=Il segreto di Alexina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heads_I_Win,_Tails_You_Lose=Testa o croce (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Karate_Kid_(2010_film)=The Karate Kid - La leggenda continua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante's_Inferno_(1924_film)=L'Inferno (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shocking_Miss_Pilgrim=The Shocking Miss Pilgrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Ever_After_(1954_film)=L'eredità di un uomo tranquillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Command_Performance_(2009_film)=Command Performance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bounty_Hunter_(2010_film)=Il cacciatore di ex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Hair=Il mistero dei capelli scomparsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Kahn=Esther Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nice_Girl%3F=Una ragazza per bene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukeban_Deka_The_Movie=Sukeban Deka The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukeban_Deka_the_Movie_2:_Counter-Attack_from_the_Kazama_Sisters=Sukeban Deka the Movie 2: Counter-Attack from the Kazama Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofiya_Perovskaya_(film)=Sof'ja Perovskaja (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Lear_(1971_USSR_film)=Re Lear (film sovietico 1971)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belinsky_(film)=Belinskij (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Overcoat_(1926_film)=Il cappotto (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cent_briques_et_des_tuiles=Colpo grosso a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100.000_dollari_per_Ringo=100.000 dollari per Ringo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Chant_du_monde_(film)=Ossessione nuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freakdog=Freakdog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hate_Valentine's_Day=5 appuntamenti per farla innamorare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_and_Punishment_(1970_film)=Prestuplenie i nakazanie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blizzard_(1964_film)=La tormenta (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirty_Three_(film)=Tridcat' tri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michurin_(film)=Mičurin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alive_and_the_Dead=Živye i mёrtvye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_(2010_film)=Stone (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Godunov_(1986_film)=Boris Godunov (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosa_Luxemburg_(film)=Rosa L.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golgo_13:_The_Professional=Golgo 13 (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirogov_(film)=Pigorov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_Forever_or_Never=Eu sei que vou te amar (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You_(1986_film)=I Love You (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borsalino_(film)=Borsalino (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milano_trema:_la_polizia_vuole_giustizia=Milano trema: la polizia vuole giustizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Gear_Solid:_Philanthropy=Metal Gear Solid: Philanthropy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collector_(2009_film)=The Collector (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Innocents_(film)=Les Innocents (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels_(2010_film)=I fantastici viaggi di Gulliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fury_at_Smugglers'_Bay=La baia dei pirati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Overcoat_(1959_film)=Šinel'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Hearts_Dance=Ancora insieme (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kreutzer_Sonata_(1987_film)=Krejcerova sonata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Command=Comando segreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Rock_2:_The_Final_Jam=Camp Rock 2: The Final Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killjoy_2:_Deliverance_from_Evil=Killjoy 2: Deliverance from Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Raiders_(film)=L'azione continua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_People=Gente semplice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Mountain_(film)=Under the Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_In_(film)=Blood Story (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mirror_(1997_film)=Lo specchio (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Fort_Bravo=L'assedio delle sette frecce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anger_Management_(film)=Terapia d'urto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppet_Master:_Axis_of_Evil=Puppet Master: Axis of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Youth_of_Maxim=La giovinezza di Massimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Maxim=Il ritorno di Massimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vyborg_Side=Il quartiere di Vyborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_Ashes=L'Homme de cendres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_volpone=Il volpone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Bluest_of_Seas=Vicino al mare più azzurro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_and_a_Woman:_20_Years_Later=Un uomo, una donna oggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fighter=The Fighter (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Minutes_to_Live=Five Minutes to Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita's_Great_Battle_of_the_Mermaid_King=Doraemon: Nobita no ningyo taikaisen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrong_Turn_3:_Left_for_Dead=Wrong Turn 3 - Svolta mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Make_Love_to_a_Woman=How to Make Love to a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Planted_Trees_(film)=L'uomo che piantava gli alberi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Menagerie_(1987_film)=Lo zoo di vetro (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonshot_(film)=Moonshot - L'uomo sulla luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Layton_and_the_Eternal_Diva=Il professor Layton e l'eterna Diva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_donnaccia=La donnaccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Parachutists=I due parà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Sergeants_of_General_Custer=I due sergenti del generale Custer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_due_toreri=I due toreri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duel_at_Sundown_(film)=Sparate a vista su Killer Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_of_Fort_Worth=Gli eroi di Fort Worth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_the_Magnificent=Le meravigliose avventure di Marco Polo (Lo scacchiere di Dio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_criminali_della_metropoli=I criminali della metropoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_figli_del_leopardo=I figli del leopardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Days_to_Die=Agente S3S: operazione Uranio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenge_of_the_Gladiator=Il gladiatore che sfidò l'impero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_from_Cocody=Donne, mitra e diamanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Kill,_You_Kill=Io uccido, tu uccidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idoli_controluce=Idoli controluce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_and_Retreat=Italiani, brava gente (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tont_operazione_D.U.E.=James Tont operazione D.U.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tont_operazione_U.N.O.=James Tont operazione U.N.O.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letti_sbagliati=Letti sbagliati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Double_Bed=Racconti a due piazze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Cuckold=Il magnifico cornuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcia_nuziale=Marcia nuziale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menage_all'italiana=Ménage all'italiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Chantal_contre_le_docteur_Kha=Marie Chantal contro il dr. Kha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Canyon_Massacre=Massacro al Grande Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_for_Your_Wife_(1965_film)=Una moglie americana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Majordome=Operazione maggiordomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_of_the_Evil_Island=Il mistero dell'isola maledetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Adventurer=La montagna di luce (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_the_Forty_Year_Old_Man=Jacqueline e gli uomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidnapped_to_Mystery_Island=I misteri della giungla nera (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non_son_degno_di_te=Non son degno di te
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_Violence=Le notti della violenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklahoma_John=Il ranch degli spietati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_of_a_Gunfighter=Mani di pistolero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Tom's_Cabin_(1965_film)=La capanna dello zio Tom (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_un_pugno_nell'occhio=Per un pugno nell'occhio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impossible_on_Saturday=Di sabato mai!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_in_the_Flesh=Il piombo e la carne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_predoni_del_Sahara=I predoni del Sahara (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Relentless_Four=I quattro inesorabili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Questa_volta_parliamo_di_uomini=Questa volta parliamo di uomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheriff_Won't_Shoot=Lo sceriffo che non spara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Questo_pazzo,_pazzo_mondo_della_canzone=Questo pazzo, pazzo mondo della canzone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_scippo=Lo scippo (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shots_in_Threequarter_Time=Operazione terzo uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Questi_pazzi,_pazzi_italiani=Questi pazzi, pazzi italiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Eagle_of_Santa_Fe=I Gringos non perdonano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_sedicenni=Le sedicenni (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Golden_Men=Sette uomini d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_the_Avenger=La sfida dei giganti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_soldi=I soldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_James'_Kid=Solo contro tutti (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Location_Hunting_in_Palestine=Sopralluoghi in Palestina per il Vangelo secondo Matteo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Camp_Followers=Le soldatesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldati_e_caporali=Soldati e caporali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiaggia_libera=Spiaggia libera (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_in_Sacramento=Uno straniero a Sacramento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seasons_of_Our_Love=Le stagioni del nostro amore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Agent_Fireball=Le spie uccidono a Beirut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Seven_Calling_Cairo=Superseven chiama Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_tango_dalla_Russia=Un tango dalla Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_lo_leggo_negli_occhi=Te lo leggo negli occhi (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_of_the_Petrified_Forest=Il tesoro della foresta pietrificata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Thunder=Matrimonio alla francese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrilling=Thrilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Faces=I tre volti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Humor_(film)=Umorismo in nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_of_the_Mohicans=L'ultimo dei Mohicani (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gli_uomini_dal_passo_pesante=Gli uomini dal passo pesante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_vendetta_di_Lady_Morgan=La vendetta di Lady Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revenge_of_Spartacus=La vendetta di Spartacus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veneri_al_sole=Veneri al sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viale_della_canzone=Viale della canzone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_voglia_da_morire=Una voglia da morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Desperado_Trail=Desperado Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Mask_of_Zorro=Il giuramento di Zorro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devotion_(1950_film)=L'edera (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Is_Too_Late=Domani è troppo tardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Forever_Springtime=È primavera...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_falsari=I falsari (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thief_of_Venice=Il ladro di Venezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_of_Amalfi=Il leone di Amalfi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_nido_di_Falasco=Il nido di falasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Mulatto=Il mulatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Peace_Under_the_Olive_Tree=Non c'è pace tra gli ulivi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mater_dei_(1950_film)=Mater Dei (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_of_Unknown_Father=I bastardi (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peppino_e_Violetta=Peppino e Violetta (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romanzo_d'amore=Romanzo d'amore (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romanticismo_(film)=Romanticismo (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cliff_of_Sin=La scogliera del peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapture_(1950_film)=Sangue sul sagrato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strano_appuntamento=Strano appuntamento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebeard's_Six_Wives=Le sei mogli di Barbablù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormbound=La strada finisce sul fiume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vendetta_di_zingara=Vendetta di zingara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_Zappatore=Lo zappatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Friends_(1936_film)=Podrugi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_(1938_film)=Druz'ja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Wonderland_(1915_film)=Alice in Wonderland (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_2=Don 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocence_Unprotected=Verginità indifesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gathering_of_Old_Men_(film)=Tutti colpevoli (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cage_of_Gold=La gabbia d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appunti_su_un_fatto_di_cronaca=Appunti su un fatto di cronaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguri_e_figli_maschi!=Auguri e figli maschi!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buon_viaggio_pover'uomo=Buon viaggio, pover'uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_caimano_del_Piave=Il caimano del Piave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_bruna_indiavolata!=Una bruna indiavolata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Ways_Out=La città si difende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cento_piccole_mamme=Cento piccole mamme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_due_derelitti=I due derelitti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Sergeants_(1951_film)=I due sergenti (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Caruso=Enrico Caruso, leggenda di una voce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiamme_sulla_laguna=Fiamme sulla laguna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crowd_(1951_film)=La folla (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Fire_(film)=Fuoco nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gli_innocenti_pagano=Gli innocenti pagano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malavita_(1951_film)=Malavita (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha_fatto_tredici=Ha fatto 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milano_miliardaria=Milano miliardaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Miracles_n'ont_lieu_qu'une_fois=I miracoli non si ripetono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O.K._Nerone=O.K. Nerone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_monello_della_strada=Il monello della strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_paura_fa_90=La paura fa 90
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvate_mia_figlia=Salvate mia figlia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Dwarfs_to_the_Rescue=I sette nani alla riscossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stasera_sciopero=Stasera sciopero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tizio,_Caio,_Sempronio=Tizio Caio Sempronio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Steps_North=Tre passi a nord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto_and_the_King_of_Rome=Totò e i re di Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trieste_mia!=Trieste mia!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Forbidden_Stories=Tre storie proibite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gli_uomini_non_guardano_il_cielo=Gli uomini non guardano il cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_Black_Eagle=La vendetta di Aquila Nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Sword's_Edge=A fil di spada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amore_rosso_(Marianna_Sirca)=Amore rosso - Marianna Sirca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gli_Angeli_del_quartiere=Gli angeli del quartiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_bandolero_stanco=Il bandolero stanco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art._519_codice_penale=Art. 519 codice penale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_avventure_di_Mandrin=Le avventure di Mandrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milady_and_the_Musketeers=Il boia di Lilla - La vita avventurosa di Milady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Elephant=Buongiorno, elefante!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cani_e_gatti=Cani e gatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroic_Charge=Carica eroica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carne_inquieta=Carne inquieta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delitto_al_luna_park=Delitto al luna park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_of_Love_(1952_film)=Città canora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blind_Woman_of_Sorrento_(1952_film)=La cieca di Sorrento (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Lorenzo_(film)=Don Lorenzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Er_fattaccio=Er fattaccio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_Who_Invented_Love=La donna che inventò l'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Era_lei_che_lo_voleva=Era lei che lo voleva!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eran_trecento=Eran trecento... (La spigolatrice di Sapri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ergastolo=Ergastolo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_figli_non_si_vendono=I figli non si vendono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_figlia_del_diavolo=La figlia del diavolo (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_on_the_Prowl=Imbarco a mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infame_accusa=Infame accusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inganno_(film)=Inganno (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolanda,_the_Daughter_of_the_Black_Corsair=Jolanda, la figlia del Corsaro Nero (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_sai_che_i_papaveri=Lo sai che i papaveri...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_Ladro_in_paradiso=Un ladro in paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maschera_nera=Maschera nera (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_morti_non_pagano_tasse=I morti non pagano tasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_nemica=La nemica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nessuno_ha_tradito=Nessuno ha tradito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non_ho_paura_di_vivere=Non ho paura di vivere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ombre_su_Trieste=Ombre su Trieste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_peccatrice_dell'isola=La peccatrice dell'isola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mademoiselle_Gobete=La presidentessa (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_prezzo_dell'onore=Il prezzo dell'onore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prigionieri_delle_tenebre=Prigionieri delle tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragazze_da_marito=Ragazze da marito (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_of_Sheba_(1952_film)=La regina di Saba (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redenzione_(1952_film)=Redenzione (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalba,_la_fanciulla_di_Pompei=Rosalba, la fanciulla di Pompei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimorso=Rimorso (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serenata_amara=Serenata amara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_stazione_(1952_film)=La stazione (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_tallone_di_Achille=Il tallone d'Achille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Tenente_Giorgio=Il tenente Giorgio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gli_undici_moschettieri=Gli 11 moschettieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto_and_the_Women=Totò e le donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_il_cinema!=Viva il cinema!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_voce_del_sangue=La voce del sangue (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutto_il_mondo_ride=Tutto il mondo ride (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abracadabra_(1952_film)=Abracadabra (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Horse_Rodeo=Wild Horse Rodeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Wyoming_Trail=The Old Wyoming Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Barn_Dance=The Old Barn Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Western_Stars=Under Western Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southward_Ho=Southward Ho!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_On,_Rangers=Come On, Rangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_Riders'_Round-up=Rough Riders' Round-up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_the_Kid_Returns=Billy the Kid Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Pony_Express=Frontier Pony Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Old_Caliente=In Old Caliente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_Street_Cowboy=Wall Street Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saga_of_Death_Valley=Saga of Death Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Jesse_James=Days of Jesse James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Buffalo_Bill=Young Buffalo Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carson_City_Kid=The Carson City Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Bill_Hickok=Young Bill Hickok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_of_the_Pecos=Robin Hood of the Pecos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ranger_and_the_Lady=The Ranger and the Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Old_Cheyenne_(1941_film)=In Old Cheyenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkansas_Judge=Arkansas Judge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheriff_of_Tombstone=Sheriff of Tombstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Man_of_Deadwood=Bad Man of Deadwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_from_Cheyenne=Man from Cheyenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_James_at_Bay=Jesse James at Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_the_Golden_West=Heart of the Golden West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_on_the_Desert=Sunset on the Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_on_the_Range_(film)=Romance on the Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Serenade=Sunset Serenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_Texas=Song of Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridin'_Down_the_Canyon=Ridin' Down the Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboy_and_the_Senorita=Cowboy and the Senorita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_Across_the_Border=Hands Across the Border
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lights_of_Old_Santa_Fe=Lights of Old Santa Fe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_Nevada=Song of Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Oklahoma=Man from Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_in_El_Dorado=Sunset in El Dorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Pal_Trigger=Trigger, il cavallo prodigio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bells_of_Rosarita=Bells of Rosarita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Nevada_Skies=Under Nevada Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roll_on_Texas_Moon=Roll on Texas Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_Arizona=Song of Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_in_Oklahoma=Home in Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heldorado=Heldorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Rose=Apache Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bells_of_San_Angelo=Bells of San Angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Ranchero=The Gay Ranchero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_California_Stars=Sotto le stelle della California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Canyon_Trail=Grand Canyon Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Old_Spanish_Trail=On the Old Spanish Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanna_Pass=Susanna Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Far_Frontier=The Far Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Time_in_Nevada=Night Time in Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_Dakota_Way=Down Dakota Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bells_of_Coronado=Bells of Coronado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_in_the_Sierras=Twilight in the Sierras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_in_the_West=Sunset in the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trigger,_Jr.=Trigger, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trail_of_Robin_Hood=Trail of Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spoilers_of_the_Plains=Spoilers of the Plains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_of_the_Great_Divide=North of the Great Divide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Old_Amarillo=In Old Amarillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pals_of_the_Golden_West=Pals of the Golden West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_of_Caliente=South of Caliente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_(film)=Colorado (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Mail=California Mail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_Saddle=Song of the Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Corral=The Old Corral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horse_Boy=The Horse Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Postcards=Cartoline italiane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Act_of_God_(film)=Act of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhukovsky_(film)=Žukovskij (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minin_and_Pozharsky_(film)=Minin i Požarskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suvorov_(film)=Suvorov (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mai_Mai_Miracle=Shinko e la magia millenaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_in_Havana=Chiaro di luna all'Avana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_of_the_Wild_Horses=Sfida all'ultimo sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle:_Los_Angeles=World Invasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Without_a_Star=L'uomo senza paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passing_Fancy=Capriccio passeggero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo_Legends=Halo: Legends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Simple_Death=Prostaja smert'...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinsonada_or_My_English_Grandfather=Robinzoniada, anu chemi ingliseli Papa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldengirl=Goldengirl - La ragazza d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio,_I_Love_You=Rio, eu te amo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtles_Forever=Turtles Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_School=Dubitando di Thomas - Bugie e spie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blame_It_on_the_Bellboy=Tutta colpa del fattorino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sum_of_Us_(film)=Tutto ciò che siamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Godunov_(1954_film)=Boris Godunov (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_(1992_American_film)=Il segreto (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Lullaby=The Last Lullaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_(film)=Somewhere (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walking_Hills=Le colline camminano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kind_Lady_(1951_film)=Kind Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curious_George_2:_Follow_That_Monkey!=Curioso come George 2 - Missione Kayla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_in_White=La dama bianca (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_(1939_film)=Luisa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagliacci_(1982_film)=Pagliacci (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gena_the_Crocodile_(film)=Il coccodrillo Gena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuo:_The_Bullet_Man=Tetsuo: The Bullet Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Lions=Four Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheburashka_(film)=Čeburaška (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'enfance_de_l'art=L'Enfance de l'art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Frills=Falbalas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_Wolf_(1947_film)=Il grido del lupo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ever_in_My_Heart=Sempre nel mio cuore (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Broken_(2009_film)=House Broken - Una casa sottosopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abyss_(1988_film)=L'opera al nero (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cannibals_(1988_film)=I cannibali (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World's_End_(film)=La fine del mondo (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Is_Not_a_Bird=Čovek nije tica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shapoklyak_(film)=Šapokljak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheburashka_Goes_to_School=Čeburaška va a scuola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_the_Single_Girl_(film)=Donne, v'insegno come si seduce un uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Fritz=Il giovane Fritz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Club_of_the_Big_Deed=S.V.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Affairs_of_Bel_Ami=Il disonesto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Justice_Raffles_(film)=Mr. Justice Raffles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_September_Issue=The September Issue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Happening_Tomorrow=Domani accadrà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adjustment_Bureau=I guardiani del destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_to_My_Heart=Figlio di ignoti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counterplan_(film)=Contropiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Brother_(1927_film)=Bratiška
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diagnosis:_Death=Diagnosis: Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehilim_(film)=Tehilim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_of_Pearls=Ocean of Pearls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_(1988_film)=La maschera (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Wheel=La grande ruota (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mishki_versus_Yudenich=Miški contro Judenič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Novia=La novia (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Troublesome_Heads=Un homme de têtes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Nights=Notti nel deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_&_Ted's_Excellent_Adventure=Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sealed_Cargo=Il vascello misterioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_in_the_Air_(2009_film)=Tra le nuvole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_a_Small_Mountain=Questione di punti di vista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentine's_Day_(2010_film)=Appuntamento con l'amore (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_Grey_Stones=Tra le pietre grigie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Greatest_Dad=Il papà migliore del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl_Named_Tamiko=Una ragazza chiamata Tamiko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulysses_(1967_film)=Ulysses (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Chaser=Oltre ogni rischio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_Circus_(film)=Verità apparente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Due_Date=Parto col folle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiem_for_a_Dream=Requiem for a Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Show_(1936_film)=The Big Show (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sin=Schwarze Sünde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treffen_in_Travers=Treffen in Travers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Beach=Spiaggia di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Side,_West_Side_(1949_film)=I marciapiedi di New York (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Relatives=Rosso nel buio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Double_Hour=La doppia ora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triangle_(2009_British_film)=Triangle (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_(2008_film)=Cash - Fate il vostro gioco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_and_the_Innocent=Il selvaggio e l'innocente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merantau=Merantau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Held_Hostage=Tenuta in ostaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_Nostalgie=Daddy Nostalgie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Inn_in_Tokyo=Una locanda di Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Walking_(film)=Aruitemo aruitemo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jackson's_This_Is_It=Michael Jackson's This Is It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Last_Man_(2008_film)=To the Last Man (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captive_of_the_Desert=La prigioniera del deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_(1990_film)=La madre (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Trip:_Beer_Pong=Road Trip: Beer Pong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasreddin_in_Bukhara=Nasreddin v Buchare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salavat_Yulayev_(film)=Salavat Julaev (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unstoppable_(2010_film)=Unstoppable - Fuori controllo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Death_(film)=Black Death - ...un viaggio all'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_Blues=Taxi Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trash_Humpers=Trash Humpers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marionettes_(film)=Marionetki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_(1931_film)=Tommi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Starr_(film)=La ribelle del Sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Yukong_Moved_the_Mountains=Come Yukong spostò le montagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rose_Is_an_Emblem_of_Sorrow,_Red_Rose_Is_an_Emblem_of_Love=Čёrnaja roza - ėmblema pečali, krasnaja roza - ėmblema ljubvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Four_Seven_(film)=Ventiquattrosette (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Tour_(1990_film)=Turné
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeze_Die_Come_to_Life=Sta' fermo, muori e resuscita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_the_Invincible=Ercole l'invincibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streets_of_New_York_(1939_film)=Gli eroi della strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_Also_Shines_at_Night=Il sole anche di notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dirty_Dozen:_Next_Mission=Quella sporca dozzina II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Karamazoff=Anna Karamazoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bix_(film)=Bix (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yes_Man=Il portaborse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flesh=La carne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Calamity_(film)=Captain Calamity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_Hill_(film)=Vendetta (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Moon=Lune froide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malina_(film)=Malina (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housefull_(2010_film)=Housefull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assault!_Jack_the_Ripper=Assault! Jack the Ripper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Certain_Fury=Ore 13: dopo il massacro la caccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_of_a_Gaucho=Il grande gaucho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Empire_(film)=Terra di conquista (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson's_Bay_(film)=La baia di Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Americano_(1916_film)=L'americano (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tailor_from_Torzhok=Il sarto di Toržok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horseman_(film)=The Horseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Soft_Touch=Purificazione (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sign_of_Four_(1932_film)=Il segno dei quattro (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Ark=Monster Ark - La profezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_in_Bondage=Hearts in Bondage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_War=The Way of War - Sentieri di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Blues_(2008_film)=Baby Blues (film 2008 Jacobson e Kaleka)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malibu_(film)=Malibu (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_of_the_Port_(1991_film)=La mujer del puerto (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immortals_(2011_film)=Immortals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munchie=Il mio amico Munchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2001:_A_Space_Odyssey_(film)=2001: Odissea nello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Miss_Millions=La piccola milionaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunsmoke_Ranch=Gunsmoke Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balalaika_(film)=Balalaika (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbeat_(1946_film)=Ladra di cuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Million_Trial=Process o trёch millionach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Blaze_(1937_film)=Silver Blaze (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_from_the_Restaurant=Čelovek iz restorana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_&_Courtney=Kurt & Courtney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Complicated_(film)=È complicato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_the_'Liberty'_Cinema=Ucieczka z kina "Wolnosc"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_of_the_Border_(2009_film)=A sud del confine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacquot_de_Nantes=Garage Demy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serafino_(film)=Serafino (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Live_Wire_(1935_film)=The Live Wire (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Wars=Summer Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Wind_to_Java=Il ribelle di Giava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Country_of_Juliets=Au pays des Juliets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sundowners_(1950_film)=La frusta di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dear_Secretary=La cara segretaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_and_the_Conquest_of_Atlantis=Ercole alla conquista di Atlantide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misbehaving_Husbands=Misbehaving Husbands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Double_Life=His Double Life (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aro_Tolbukhin._En_la_mente_del_asesino=Aro Tolbukhin - Nella mente di un assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Admiral_Nakhimov_(film)=L'ammiraglio Nachimov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_(1938_film)=Vittoria (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Face_Morgan=Morgan il bandito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Murderer_Lives_at_Number_21=L'assassino abita al 21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Defends_Sarajevo=Valter difende Sarajevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hate_Luv_Storys=I Hate Luv Storys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telling_You=Telling You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priest_(2011_film)=Priest (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_the_Wild=Le ali degli angeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Brown_(film)=Harry Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crush_(1992_film)=Sposami, Kate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journey_(1992_film)=Il viaggio (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Says_No=Innamorati dispettosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frieda_(film)=Frida, l'amante straniera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_Winter_Comes=Prima che venga l'inverno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renfrew_of_the_Royal_Mounted_(1937_film)=I falsari (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sentinel_(1992_film)=La sentinelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Casanova=Il ritorno di Casanova (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2001_Maniacs:_Field_of_Screams=2001 Maniacs: Field of Screams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Personal_(2009_film)=Nothing Personal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_Kind=Il quarto tipo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beirut_Apt=The Beirut Apt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plots_with_a_View=Bara con vista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Bayou=Nora Roberts - La palude della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Boone,_Trail_Blazer=La lunga valle verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaving_Normal_(film)=Fuga per un sogno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Only_Son_(1936_film)=Figlio unico (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Days_(1991_film)=Sčastlivye dni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribute_(2009_film)=Nora Roberts - Un dono prezioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chekist=Čekist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_Turtle=Geobug-i dallinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gaunt_Stranger=Ossessione (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oak=La bilancia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endless_Night_(1972_film)=Champagne per due dopo il funerale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Simple_Case=Prostoj slučaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gang_Bullets=Gang Bullets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martyrs_of_the_Alamo=Sotto l'unghia dei tiranni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Illusion=Sangue nel sogno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deserter_(1933_film)=Il disertore (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Vasili_Bortnikov=Il ritorno di Vasili Bortnikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Raven=The Black Raven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Murderers_are_Coming=Gli assassini scendono in strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Name_of_the_Fatherland=In nome della patria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carriers_(film)=Carriers - Contagio letale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Live_Ghosts_(1929_film)=Three Live Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Highway=Broken Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyuba-Dyuba=Dyuba-Dyuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walls_of_Glass=Walls of Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Wright=Rimbalzi d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Be_Afraid_of_the_Dark_(2010_film)=Non avere paura del buio (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess_Fever=La febbre degli scacchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Laughs_at_Andy_Hardy=Carambola d'amore (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_of_the_Desert_Against_the_Son_of_Hercules=Anthar l'invincibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_of_Desire=Chain of Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother's_Day_(2010_film)=Mother's Day (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_(1993_film)=Friends (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Catch_a_Spy=Per amore ho catturato una spia russa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raiders_of_Old_California=Lungo il fiume rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_98_(film)=Power 98
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doll_Face=Doll Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lies_of_the_Heart:_The_Story_of_Laurie_Kellogg=La mia piccola donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Rage=Con la rabbia agli occhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maclovia_(1948_film)=Feudalismo messicano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_End_(2009_film)=Les derniers jours du monde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_a_Teenage_Amnesiac=Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_and_the_Revenge_of_Maltazard=Arthur e la vendetta di Maltazard (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid-August_Lunch=Pranzo di ferragosto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grotesque_(2009_film)=Grotesque (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamagotchi:_Happiest_Story_in_the_Universe!=Eiga! Tamagotchi - Uchū ichi happy na monogatari!?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_by_the_Shore=L'uomo sulla banchina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_and_Bruce=Marie e Bruce - Finché divorzio non vi separi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buried_(film)=Buried - Sepolto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_from_the_Urals=Siamo degli Urali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_Green_Lights=Behind Green Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kennel_Murder_Case_(film)=Il pugnale cinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Reason_to_Believe=A Reason to Believe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daughters_(film)=Fra le braccia dell'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Voyou=La canaglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libera_me_(1993_film)=Libera me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borderline_(1950_film)=Guerra di sessi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Zombie=L.A. Zombie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Killed_Wild_Bill_Hickok=I Killed Wild Bill Hickok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crooked_Circle_(1932_film)=The Crooked Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_Zen_III=Sex and Zen III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sins_of_Silence=Un angelo di cristallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_(1929_film)=Diavoli volanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost-Town_Gold=Ghost-Town Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sister_Eileen_(1955_film)=Mia sorella Evelina (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sister_Eileen_(1942_film)=Mia sorella Evelina (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fig_Leaf_for_Eve=A Fig Leaf for Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Java_Head_(1923_film)=Java Head (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Rain_(2006_film)=El camino de los ingleses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surprise_Package_(film)=Pacco a sorpresa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folks!=Guai in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis,_the_Child_King=Louis, enfant roi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnificat_(film)=Magnificat (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zookeeper_(film)=Il signore dello zoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney's_Version_(film)=La versione di Barney (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Secret_Garden=Ritorno al giardino segreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vengo_(film)=Vengo - Demone flamenco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_Pray_Love=Mangia prega ama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Highness=Sua Maestà (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Pumpkin_(film)=Il grande cocomero (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Tower_(film)=Tokyo Tower (film 2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Who_Dare=Operazione commandos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Girls_Turn_25=Les Demoiselles ont eu 25 ans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_at_Sea_(film)=Un dottore in altomare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moulin_Rouge_(1928_film)=Moulin Rouge (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prophet_Without_Honor=Prophet Without Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transylmania=Transylmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Raptor=Planet Raptor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyrunners=Skyrunners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Godunov_(1989_film)=Boris Godunov (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Man_(1928_film)=My Man (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Missing_Girls=La città delle donne rapite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Italian_Barber=The Italian Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Music_of_Chance_(film)=La musica del caso (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_or_Shine_(film)=Luci del circo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kichiku_Dai_Enkai=Kichiku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_Maker_(1922_film)=Il taumaturgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Babies=Ragazze d'America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon_Movie_Tales=Cannon Movie Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagle_(2011_film)=The Eagle (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Raincoat=L'uomo dall'impermeabile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnabo_of_the_Mountains=Barnabo delle montagne (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaving_(2009_film)=L'amante inglese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_V-1=La battaglia del V-1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Best:_Fun_Begins=All the Best: Fun Begins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Confucian_Confusion=A Confucian Confusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soleil_O=Sole O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Deception=L'allegro inganno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_&_the_Briefcase=Un principe in giacca e cravatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ward_(film)=The Ward - Il reparto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assia_and_the_Hen_with_the_Golden_Eggs=Asja e la gallina dalle uova d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_of_the_Night=La reina de la noche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Boy_(1939_film)=Quelli che non si salvano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whores=Le buttane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actrices=Actrices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Alligator_Named_Daisy=An Alligator Named Daisy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqui_na_Terra=Qui sulla terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outer_Gate=The Outer Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_to_Bataan=Texas to Bataan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turin_Horse=Il cavallo di Torino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Dan_Patch=The Great Dan Patch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/September_Affair=Accadde in settembre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_(2010_film)=Twelve (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fighting_Stallion=The Fighting Stallion (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulldog_Drummond_Escapes=La fuga di Bulldog Drummond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delightfully_Dangerous=Deliziosamente pericolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Played_with_Fire_(film)=La ragazza che giocava con il fuoco (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Legend=True Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Kicked_the_Hornets'_Nest_(film)=La regina dei castelli di carta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Violin_Player_(film)=Il suonatore di violino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldstein_(film)=Goldstein (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearless_Frank=Fearless Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Two_Hats=La mia pistola per Billy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_People=Gente del Nord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stoolie=The Stoolie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okay_Bill=Okay Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Dancing_in_the_Big_City=Ballando lo slow nella grande città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stony_Island_(film)=Stony Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steal_Big_Steal_Little=Il gemello scomodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Fine_(film)=Jeans dagli occhi rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peeper_(film)=Una valigia piena di dollari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_the_Line_(1987_film)=Fine della linea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_and_Tomorrow_(1912_film)=Ma és holnap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Husband's_Getting_Married=Házasodik az uram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exile_(1914_film)=A tolonc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borrowed_Babies=A kölcsönkért csecsemök
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_in_a_Nightrobe=A hercegnö pongyolája
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_of_the_West=Pazzo pazzo West!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoner_of_the_Night_(film)=Az éjszaka rabja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golddigger_(film)=Az aranyásó
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Who_Is_Loved_By_Two=Akit ketten szeretnek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Point_(1976_film)=Punto di rottura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Double_Man_(1967_film)=Doppio bersaglio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphinx_(film)=Sfinge (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolf_(1916_film)=Farkas (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Medic_(1916_film)=Az ezüst kecske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boccaccio_(1920_film)=Boccaccio (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harun_al_Raschid_(film)=Harun al Raschid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cab_No._13=Fiaker Nr. 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Million_Bid=A Million Bid (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Horde_(1930_film)=Un dramma nell'Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glad_Rag_Doll_(film)=Gioco di bambole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Soldier's_Plaything=A Soldier's Plaything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_the_Distance_(2010_film)=Amore a mille... miglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Scandals=Scandalo di Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_the_Saddle=Pistole infallibili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena_(1953_film)=Arena (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_in_the_Red_Velvet_Swing=L'altalena di velluto rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Don_Is_Dead=Il boss è morto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Truth_(1958_film)=Tutta la verità (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapture_(1965_film)=Rapimento (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butterfly's_Dream_(1994_film)=Il sogno della farfalla (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Condor_(film)=El Condor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossover_(1980_film)=Mr. Patman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Neptune_Factor=L'odissea del Neptune nell'impero sommerso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spy_with_a_Cold_Nose=La spia dal naso freddo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Menagerie_(1950_film)=Lo zoo di vetro (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Life_at_Stake=L'ultimo agguato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Girl_vs._Frankenstein_Girl=Vampire Girl vs. Frankenstein Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Alley_(film)=Vicolo cieco (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_One-Armed_Swordsman=La sfida degli invincibili campioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Peyton_Place_(film)=Ritorno a Peyton Place (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Lines_(1977_film)=Between the Lines (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Hornet_(2011_film)=The Green Hornet (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lego_Star_Wars:_The_Quest_for_R2-D2=LEGO Star Wars: La ricerca di R2-D2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panique=Panico (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Crossing=Traversata pericolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Movietone_Follies_of_1929=Follie del giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Bluff=The Big Bluff (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_(film)=Il colonnello Hollister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Devil_and_the_Deep_Blue_Sea_(film)=Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Dandelion_Dust=Un soffio per la felicità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Single_Man=A Single Man (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time,_the_Place_and_the_Girl_(1946_film)=L'ora, il luogo e la ragazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borderline_(1980_film)=L'uomo del confine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stories_from_the_Kronen=Historias del Kronen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasty_Love=L'amore molesto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parole,_Inc.=Parole, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Be_Dragons=There Be Dragons - Un santo nella tempesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_a_Mother=Solo una madre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughter_in_the_Dark_(film)=In fondo al buio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_(1989_film)=Sing - Il sogno di Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saddle_Mountain_Roundup=Saddle Mountain Roundup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trail_Riders=Trail Riders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_of_the_Sea=Moby Dick, il mostro del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Specimen=Milionario su misura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janie_(1944_film)=Janie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Hour=L'ora scarlatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Things_in_Life_Are_Free_(film)=La felicità non si compra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hangman_(1959_film)=Il boia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Huckleberry_Finn_(1960_film)=Le avventure di Huck Finn (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Lights_(1935_film)=Il re della risata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Company_Men=The Company Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biutiful=Biutiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Town_(2010_film)=The Town (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snails'_Senator=Senatorul melcilor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Other_Drugs=Amore & altri rimedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharaku_(film)=Sharaku (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waati=Il tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Courageous_Dr._Christian=The Courageous Dr. Christian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Reason_to_Live,_a_Reason_to_Die=Una ragione per vivere e una per morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munchie_Strikes_Back=Munchie Strikes Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massacre_Time=Le colt cantarono la morte e fu... tempo di massacro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiescant=Requiescant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meeting_Venus=Tentazione di Venere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_&_Boots=Charlie & Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother's_Boy_(1929_film)=Mother's Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil-May-Care=Il tenente di Napoleone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Were_the_Days_(1995_French_film)=Le plus bel âge...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondo_Cannibale=La dea cannibale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_at_Seven_(film)=Il signore che rincasava alle sette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_City_(film)=La città dei diamanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_and_Bone=Blood and Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ace_of_Hearts_(1921_film)=L'asso di cuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_and_Charlie=Amico, stammi lontano almeno un palmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Live_Your_Death=Viva la muerte... tua!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Videocracy_(film)=Videocracy - Basta apparire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_Girl=La donna del fiume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiling_Irish_Eyes=Smiling Irish Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rainbow_Man=La valle delle rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo_Road_(film)=Cairo Road - Sulla via del Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Careless_Years=The Careless Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_(2009_film)=Ricky - Una storia d'amore e libertà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_29=Mille pezzi di un delirio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_Vultures=Là dove scende il sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_of_a_Soul=I misteri di un'anima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_the_Caribbean:_On_Stranger_Tides=Pirati dei Caraibi - Oltre i confini del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_(2009_film)=Nord (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_of_Jeanne_Ney=Il giglio nelle tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devious_Path=Crisi (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Social_Network=The Social Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Atlantide_(1932_film)=L'Atlantide (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_and_Low_(1933_film)=Dall'alto in basso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_of_Shadows_(1937_film)=Mademoiselle Docteur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shanghai_Drama=Il dramma di Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_House_(2006_film)=La vita che sognavo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_the_Valiant=L'avamposto degli uomini perduti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plough_and_the_Stars_(film)=L'aratro e le stelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon_(2009_film)=Lebanon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comedians_(1941_film)=I commedianti (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Moon_(1930_film)=Passione cosacca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paracelsus_(film)=Paracelsus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trial_(1948_film)=Il processo (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_of_Silence_(1953_film)=La voce del silenzio (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cose_da_pazzi=Cose da pazzi (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Ten_Days=L'ultimo atto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballerina_(1956_film)=Bolero (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_geheimnisvolle_Villa=La villa misteriosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disappearance_of_Alice_Creed=La scomparsa di Alice Creed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_of_Horror=Nächte des Grauens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Hunter=L'ultimo cacciatore (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Low_(film)=The Funeral Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Tanino=My Name Is Tanino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_Times_Seven=Sette volte donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_Rehearsal=Sposatevi ragazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Much_Harmony=Too Much Harmony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saw_3D=Saw 3D - Il capitolo finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbit_Hole_(film)=Rabbit Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_League:_Crisis_on_Two_Earths=Justice League: La crisi dei due mondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invincible_Six=6 dannati in cerca di gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sex_Life..._or_How_I_Got_into_an_Argument=Comment je me suis disputé... (ma vie sexuelle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dawn_(2012_film)=Red Dawn - Alba rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Bank_Robbery_(1969_film)=Quel fantastico assalto alla banca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Beast_(1987_film)=La bella e la bestia (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Bring_That_Up%3F=La piovra (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Pica_sul_Pacifico=La Pica sul Pacifico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranormal_Activity=Paranormal Activity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Time_(film)=La seconda volta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dunwich_Horror_(film)=Le vergini di Dunwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Simple_Noodle_Story=Sangue facile (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_(film)=Mac (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambling_City=La città gioca d'azzardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hereafter_(film)=Hereafter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Unknown_Origin=Di origine sconosciuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thieves_(1996_film)=Les Voleurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Late_(1996_film)=Prea târziu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Soon_the_Darkness_(2010_film)=And Soon the Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Human_(1974_film)=Milano odia: la polizia non può sparare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vagabond_Lover=The Vagabond Lover (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveling_Companion=Compagna di viaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Few_of_Us=Lontano da Dio e dagli uomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Weekend_(1978_film)=Long Weekend (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cemetery_Club=Il club delle vedove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourbi=Fourbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opening_Day_of_Close-Up=Il giorno della prima di Close Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elective_Affinities=Le affinità elettive (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassin(s)=Assassin(s)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Rider_(1938_film)=The Mysterious Rider (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Salina=Quando il sole scotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Republic_of_Love=The Republic of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_of_Homburg_(film)=Il principe di Homburg (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Dead_Than_Alive=Meglio morto che vivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_(1929_film)=Pioggia (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Had_Everything=Vita inquieta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangster's_Paradise:_Jerusalema=Jerusalema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equinox_(1992_film)=Equinox (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Bounce_(1969_film)=Io sono perversa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_to_God=Letters to God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Did_You_Hear_About_the_Morgans%3F=Che fine hanno fatto i Morgan?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo_Time=Cairo Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumberjack_(film)=Lumberjack (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dread_(film)=Dread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underground_Rustlers=Underground Rustlers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_of_a_Gunman=Ballata per un pistolero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aenigma_(film)=Aenigma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Big_Soldier=Little Big Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kate_Logan_Affair=The Kate Logan Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bandolero=The Bandolero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Divide_(1925_film)=Frontiera d'anime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beauty_Prize_(film)=Miss America (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Firm_(2009_film)=The Firm (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bread_(1924_film)=Il pane quotidiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snob_(1924_film)=L'arrivista (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highball_(film)=Highball (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_Leaves_(1912_film)=Falling Leaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peck's_Bad_Boy_(1934_film)=Peck's Bad Boy (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbed_Wire_(1927_film)=Reticolati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitter_Victory=Vittoria amara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megafault=MegaFault - La terra trema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captured!=Catturato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vispa_Teresa=La vispa Teresa (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Womb_(film)=Womb (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Sense=Perfect Sense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delirium_(1987_film)=Le foto di Gioia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_of_Leisure=Femmine di lusso (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlesque_(2010_American_film)=Burlesque (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebeard_(1972_film)=Barbablù (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coward_(1915_film)=Il vile (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Desert=Il deserto bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Circus=The Devil's Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zander_the_Great=Zander the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Lights_(1925_film)=Bright Lights (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Swan_(film)=Il cigno nero (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagon_Tracks=Wagon Tracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunting_Sarah=Nella mente di Sarah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Bullets=La colpa di Rita Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Successful_Failure=A Successful Failure (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagles_Over_London=La battaglia d'Inghilterra (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Swamp=The Green Swamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Draw_Egan=The Return of Draw Egan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shell_43=Shell 43
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_(2009_film)=L'affaire Farewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcello_Mastroianni:_I_Remember=Marcello Mastroianni - Mi ricordo, sì, io mi ricordo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_(1997_film)=Namai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witman_Boys=I fratelli Witman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_and_Maid=Il trionfo dell'onestà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun-Up=Sun-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tower_of_Lies=La torre delle menzogne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Madness=Dance Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_of_Israel=Men of Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Masque_de_fer=L'uomo dalla maschera di ferro (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny_(1997_film)=Il destino (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Piscine_(film)=La piscina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endangered_Species_(1982_film)=L'esperimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Rollers_(film)=Holy Rollers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Claw=The Golden Claw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Dolan=Claire Dolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Marine_Story=A Marine Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulcy_(1923_film)=Dulcy (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convoy_Busters=Un poliziotto scomodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbit,_Run_(film)=Coniglio, non scappare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Yakuza=American Yakuza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anjaana_Anjaani=Anjaana Anjaani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crimson_Wing:_Mystery_of_the_Flamingos=Il mistero dei fenicotteri rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.W._and_the_Dixie_Dancekings=Un uomo da buttare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Me_to_My_Song=Balla la mia canzone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Face_(film)=A faccia nuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lolly-Madonna_XXX=La terra si tinse di rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Called_Magnum=Napoli si ribella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu-Gi-Oh!:_Bonds_Beyond_Time=Gekijōban Yu-Gi-Oh! - Chōyūgō! Jikū o koeta kizuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trancers_4:_Jack_of_Swords=I cavalieri interstellari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trancers_5:_Sudden_Deth=Cavalieri interstellari: Ultimo atto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_in_Their_Eyes=Il segreto dei suoi occhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strangler=Le bambole del desiderio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_School_of_Flesh=L'École de la chair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_at_Melody_Mesa=Trouble at Melody Mesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blume_in_Love=Una pazza storia d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Rhino=Super Rhino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wiggles_Movie=The Wiggles - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Summertime_Killer=Ricatto alla mala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hills_Run_Red_(2009_film)=Le colline sanguinano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen's_Babies_(film)=Helen's Babies (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_About_Love=Bebè mania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil_(1944_film)=Brazil (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lieutenant_Wore_Skirts=Mia moglie è di leva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dance_of_Life=La danza della vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehearsals_for_War=Teatro di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marrakech_Express=Marrakech Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scared_Shrekless=Shrekkato da morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_32nd_on_Earth=Un 32 août sur terre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel_Restaurant=Cruel Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy's_Gone_A-Hunting=Il babbo andò a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footloose_(2011_film)=Footloose (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Auction_Block=The Auction Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circle_(1925_film)=The Circle (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time,_the_Comedian=Time, the Comedian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Secretary=La sua segretaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Carlo_(1926_film)=Montecarlo (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Deceiver=The Gay Deceiver (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Kish=Ghessé hayé kish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Blindness=Un marito da vendere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watcher_in_the_Attic=La casa delle perversioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fire_Brigade=La brigata del fuoco (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_Talks_(1926_film)=Money Talks (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Certain_Young_Man=L'elegante scapestrato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Friend_(1926_film)=The Boy Friend (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Waning_Sex=The Waning Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upstage_(film)=Music-Hall (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_Smiling=Exit Smiling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altars_of_Desire=L'altare dei desideri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovey_Mary=Mammina (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demi-Bride=Tua moglie ad ogni costo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_You_Are!=There You Are!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Midnight_(1927_film)=Sigari e sigarette, signori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Exposure=Love Exposure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_Hearts=Destini incrociati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_a_Thief_(1965_film)=L'ultimo omicidio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temptation_of_St._Tony=Püha Tõnu kiusamine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_and_Day=Innocenti bugie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_of_Affairs=Il destino (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Orchids_(film)=Orchidea selvaggia (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria's_Lovers=Maria's Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Blue_(1947_film)=Fulmini a ciel sereno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tree_(2010_film)=L'albero (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_Days=Le cinque giornate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_to_Silence=Le porte del silenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/40_Pounds_of_Trouble=20 chili di guai!... e una tonnellata di gioia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_for_Paris=Fifì dimmi di sì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegade_Girl=Rinnegata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Will_Tear_Us_Apart_(1999_film)=Tin seung yan gaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Bodas_de_Deus=Lo sposalizio di Dio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_and_the_Pea_(2002_film)=La principessa sul pisello (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Dirtbag_(film)=Teenage Dirtbag (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predators_(film)=Predators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_a_Funny_Thing=Un tipo che mi piace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Love_Death=La vita, l'amore, la morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Effect_of_Gamma_Rays_on_Man-in-the-Moon_Marigolds_(film)=Gli effetti dei raggi gamma sui fiori di Matilda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harem_Suare=Harem Suare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Had_to_Do_It_All_Over_Again=Chissà se lo farei ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marana_Simhasanam=Marana Simhasanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attention_bandits!=Una storia dei nostri giorni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Centipede_(First_Sequence)=The Human Centipede (First Sequence)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chance_or_Coincidence=Per caso o per azzardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Contract=Uno sporco contratto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell,_Home_Sweet_Home=Addio terraferma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbulence_(2000_film)=Estorvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Animal_Kingdom=The Animal Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_Kid=Quarta ripresa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_War_May_Bring=Ces amours-là
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_the_Renegade=Son of the Renegade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/35_Shots_of_Rum=35 rhums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentimental_Destinies=Les Destinées sentimentales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_(2000_film)=Le nozze (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Helpful_Sisterhood=A Helpful Sisterhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadgirl=Deadgirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_of_the_Wild_(2009_film)=Il richiamo della foresta 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disappearance_of_Haruhi_Suzumiya=Suzumiya Haruhi no shōshitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smother_(film)=Mamma ho perso il lavoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coroner_Creek=Il pugnale del bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Marriage=Matrimonio tardivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_Ivan,_You_Abraham=Moi Ivan, toi Abraham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_brug=Il ponte (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Knew_It_Was_You=I Knew It Was You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loch_Ness_Horror=The Loch Ness Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ash_Wednesday_(1973_film)=Mercoledì delle ceneri (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djomeh=Djomeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idiot_(1958_film)=Idiot (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyson_(1995_film)=Tyson (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saluti_e_baci=Saluti e baci (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironclad_(film)=Ironclad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajami_(film)=Ajami (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conspirator=The Conspirator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Prefer_the_Sound_of_the_Sea=Preferisco il rumore del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Daughters=Saint-Cyr (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Wimpy_Kid_(film)=Diario di una schiappa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Replay_(2001_film)=La répétition - L'altro amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror_in_the_Family=Terror in the Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leap_Year_(2010_film)=Una proposta per dire sì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pau_and_His_Brother=Pau i el seu germà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosh_ba_kosh=Pari e patta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Corn_(2009_film)=Campi insanguinati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraordinary_Measures=Misure straordinarie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RoboGeisha=RoboGeisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taurus_(film)=Toro (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyhood_Loves=Amour d'enfance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_(2001_film)=Domani (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dying_to_Belong=Prove mortali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Days_of_Night:_Dark_Days=30 giorni di buio II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanu_Weds_Manu=Tanu Weds Manu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Man=L'uomo perduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BirdWatchers=La terra degli uomini rossi - Birdwatchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassin's_Creed:_Lineage=Assassin's Creed: Lineage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_Child=L'Enfant du miracle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_the_Whitechapel_Vampire=Il vampiro di Whitechapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Raiders_(1985_film)=La leggenda del rubino malese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinker_Bell_and_the_Lost_Treasure=Trilli e il tesoro perduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Kitchen_(film)=Soul Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Words_of_My_Father=Le parole di mio padre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buy_&_Cell=Sing Sing chiama Wall Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweet_House_of_Horrors=La dolce casa degli orrori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maid_(2009_film)=Affetti & dispetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'R_Xmas=Il nostro Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraordinary_Women=Mujeres Extraordinarias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Dope=Il magnifico fannullone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_(2009_film)=Boy (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Souls_(film)=Les âmes fortes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Billion=Mister Miliardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Student_Teachers=The Student Teachers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Bridge_(film)=Al di là del ponte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iguana_(film)=Iguana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strategy_of_Terror=Strategy of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobbie_Jo_and_the_Outlaw=Il mondo violento di Bobbie Jo ragazza di provincia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Certain_Feeling_(film)=Quel certo non so che (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Circle_(1977_film)=Demonio dalla faccia d'angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beating_Heart_(film)=Piccola ladra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Jo_and_Her_Two_Lovers=Marie-Jo e i suoi due amori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Uncertainty_Principle_(film)=Il principio dell'incertezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abused_Confidence=L'intrusa (Abuso di fiducia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnage_(2002_film)=Carnages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Belle_Verte=Il pianeta verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Sad_Tigers=Tre tristi tigri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Shadows_in_the_South_Seas=Ombre bianche (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampage_(1963_film)=Il grande safari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrill_of_a_Romance=Luna senza miele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goliath_and_the_Dragon=La vendetta di Ercole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Did_the_Lady_Forget%3F=La ragazza che cosa ha dimenticato?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Three_Days=The Next Three Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Missouri_Traveler=The Missouri Traveler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Home_Should_Have_One=Ogni uomo dovrebbe averne due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Battleship_Yamato_(2010_film)=Space Battleship Yamato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_Days_of_War=Linea nemica - 5 Days of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Will_Meet_a_Tall_Dark_Stranger=Incontrerai l'uomo dei tuoi sogni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthly_Love=Ljubov' zemnaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny_(1977_film)=Sud'ba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cracks_(film)=Cracks (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Helsing=Horror Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Soul_to_Take=My Soul to Take - Il cacciatore di anime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orphans_(1987_film)=Un ostaggio di riguardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_Probably=Il diavolo probabilmente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Pinocchio_(film)=Il mondo è magia - Le nuove avventure di Pinocchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_You_in_the_Morning_(film)=Ci penseremo domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nora's_Will=Cinco días sin Nora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locked_In_(film)=Locked In (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Door_III=Il treno (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquis_(film)=Marquis (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_Ship_(1959_film)=S.O.S. York!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chairman_(1964_film)=Predsedatel'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Friend,_Kolka!=Drug moj, Kol'ka!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brotherhood_(2009_film)=Fratellanza - Brotherhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosperity_(film)=Prosperity (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nema_problema_(2004_film)=Nema problema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hole_(2009_film)=The Hole (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Giuliani,_Boy=Carlo Giuliani, ragazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Player=Best Player
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Little_Rich_Girl_(1936_film)=Una povera bimba milionaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow,_When_the_War_Began_(film)=Il domani che verrà - The Tomorrow Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alegre_ma_non_troppo=Allegro ma non troppo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balzaminov's_Marriage=Ženit'ba Bal'zaminova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sinking_of_the_Laconia=L'affondamento del Laconia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiesta_(1947_film)=La matadora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romantics_(film)=The Romantics (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Shadowchaser_III=Terrore sull'astronave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Shadowchaser_IV=Assedio alieno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Day_(film)=Quel giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shocking_Dark=Terminator 2 (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hack!=Hack!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ink_(film)=Ink (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Trabi_Go=Quella Trabant venuta dall'Est
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guess_What_We_Learned_in_School_Today%3F=Ore 10 lezione di sesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incantato=Il cuore altrove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalanche_(1978_film)=Valanga (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journey_(1959_film)=Il viaggio (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lourdes_(film)=Lourdes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Heart=Crazy Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mountain_Calls=La grande conquista (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Warrior=Forbidden Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strayed_(2003_film)=Anime erranti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_and_Son_(2003_film)=Padre e figlio (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shara_(film)=Sharasôju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Those_I_Loved=Sogno di una notte di mezza estate (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Day_of_Peace=Gott mit uns (Dio è con noi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_'In_the_Company_of_Men'=I segreti degli uomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Air_Mail=Sparvieri d'acciaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housewife_(film)=Housewife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_Dark_of_the_Moon=Transformers 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Country_(film)=Il meraviglioso paese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Concert=Il concerto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starstruck_(2010_film)=StarStruck - Colpita da una stella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodbrothers_(1978_film)=Una strada chiamata domani (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Me_Goodbye_(film)=C'è... un fantasma tra noi due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hook_(1963_film)=L'uncino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavalleria_rusticana_(1982_film)=Cavalleria rusticana (film 1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Toscanini=Il giovane Toscanini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparrow_(1993_film)=Storia di una capinera (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_in_the_Night=Girls in the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Web=Delitto alla televisione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Bitter_Ridge=Duello a Bitter Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sundown=Tramonto di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tattered_Dress=Il vestito strappato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Space_Children=I figli dello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Global_Affair=I guai di papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lively_Set=Gli impetuosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Eye_(film)=Con tanti cari... cadaveri detective Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Cage_aux_Folles_II=Il vizietto II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tougher_Than_Leather_(film)=Tougher Than Leather (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Round_Up_(2010_film)=Vento di primavera (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Tutor_Friend_2=Donggamnaegi gwa-oehagi: Lesson II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Killed_Bambi%3F_(2003_film)=Qui a tué Bambi?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Cat_(film)=La montagna rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area_51_(film)=Area 51 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caprices_(film)=Capricci (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Worlds_(1953_film)=La guerra dei mondi (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dennis_the_Menace_Christmas=Dennis - La minaccia di Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katia_(film)=Katia (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body_Stealers=Galaxy Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Uh-Oh!_Show=The Uh-Oh Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Needles=I sette aghi d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Winter_Comes=Peccatori senza peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courageous_(film)=Courageous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Guns_West=Cinque colpi di pistola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Woman=La meticcia di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oklahoma_Woman=La pantera del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Paradise=Paradiso nudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_Rock=Carnevale rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Doll=L'adolescente bambola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saga_of_the_Viking_Women_and_Their_Voyage_to_the_Waters_of_the_Great_Sea_Serpent=La leggenda vichinga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Mobster=La vita di un gangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Satellites=Guerra dei satelliti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ski_Troop_Attack=Assalto della fanteria di montagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_(film)=Atlas, il trionfatore di Atene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Racers=I diavoli del Grand Prix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target:_Harry=Bersaglio umano (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Candlelight=A lume di candela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Better,_for_Worse_(1954_film)=Sposi in rodaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Long_as_They're_Happy=La pace torna in casa Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_from_the_Ashes=Dimensione della paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Ives_(1976_film)=Candidato all'obitorio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Won_Ton_Ton,_the_Dog_Who_Saved_Hollywood=Won Ton Ton, il cane che salvò Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_for_Help=La casa in Hell Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyewitness_(1970_film)=Il ragazzo ha visto l'assassino e deve morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Karma_(2002_film)=Bad Karma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angry_Hills_(film)=Le colline dell'odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Lylah_Clare=Quando muore una stella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hell_with_Heroes=I contrabbandieri del cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Speech=Il discorso del re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Soeurs_Soleil=Les soeurs Soleil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defenseless=Senza difesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antibodies_(film)=Antikörper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempest_in_the_Flesh=Rabbia in corpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_the_Conqueror=Giulio Cesare, il conquistatore delle Gallie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Red_Robe_(1937_film)=Il manto rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_War=La quarta guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Peter_(film)=L'asso di picche (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Much_Do_You_Love_Me%3F=Per sesso o per amore?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinker_Bell_and_the_Great_Fairy_Rescue=Trilli e il grande salvataggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guard_(2011_film)=Un poliziotto da happy hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wait_Until_Spring,_Bandini=Le ragioni del cuore (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Men_of_Sherwood_Forest=La spada di Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunless=Django Gunless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stomp_the_Yard:_Homecoming=Stepping 2 - La strada del successo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming_Renegades=I rinnegati del Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Shadows_(film)=Dark Shadows (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cattle_Annie_and_Little_Britches=Branco selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Betrayed_(1936_film)=A Man Betrayed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Risk_(1981_film)=Ad alto rischio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elle:_A_Modern_Cinderella_Tale=Elle-L'ultima Cenerentola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein's_Castle_of_Freaks=Terror! Il castello delle donne maledette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdie_&_Bogey=Birdie & Bogey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Willy:_Escape_from_Pirate's_Cove=Free Willy - La grande fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_of_a_Stranger=Le mani dell'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Macs=The Mighty Macs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Triumph_of_Sherlock_Holmes=Il trionfo di Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twilight_Saga_(film_series)=The Twilight Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Girlfriends=Seven Girlfriends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Summer_in_La_Goulette=Un été à La Goulette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dangerous_Man=A Dangerous Man - Solo contro tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wicker_Tree=The Wicker Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelling_with_Pets=In viaggio con gli animali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Madagascar=Buon Natale, Madagascar!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenberg_(film)=Lo stravagante mondo di Greenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Street_to_Die=Una strada per morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabaka=Sabaka - Il demone del fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No,_No,_Nanette_(1940_film)=No, No, Nanette (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joy_Girl=Sogni dorati (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_for_Her=Anything for Her
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Murder_Me=Mi dovrai uccidere!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fugitive_Valley=Fugitive Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Spit_on_Your_Grave_(2010_film)=I Spit on Your Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Raise_Hell_(film)=Born to Raise Hell (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_and_Goliath_(1960_film)=David e Golia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_of_Scotland_Yard_(1937_film)=Blake of Scotland Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patiala_House_(film)=Patiala House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Law_(film)=Il cittadino si ribella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StreetDance_3D=StreetDance 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescued_by_Rover=Rescued by Rover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_in_the_Night=Occhi nella notte (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Feet_Two=Happy Feet 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Came_from_Beyond_Space=La morte scarlatta viene dallo spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhootha_Hi_Sahi=Jhootha Hi Sahi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mill_of_the_Stone_Women=Il mulino delle donne di pietra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked,_Wicked=Wicked, Wicked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabangg=Dabangg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/127_Hours=127 ore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whistleblower=The Whistleblower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardwired_(film)=Hardwired - Nemico invisibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Diables=Devils (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampage_(2009_film)=Rampage (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_(2004_film)=Hotel (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Valentine_for_You=Winnie the Pooh: L'avventura di San Valentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passages_(film)=Lu Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amer_(film)=Amer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_(2010_film)=Cash Game - Paga o muori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_of_the_Dead=De dødes tjern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Marie_du_port=La vergine scaltra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celine:_Through_the_Eyes_of_the_World=Celine: Through the Eyes of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsy_(1993_film)=Gypsy (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invincible_Gladiator=Il gladiatore invincibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Prey_3=Fritt vilt III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_(2009_film)=Welcome (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_at_a_Funeral_(2010_film)=Il funerale è servito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Before_Christmas_(1905_film)=The Night Before Christmas (film 1905)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hawk_of_Powder_River=The Hawk of Powder River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinner_with_a_Vampire=A cena col vampiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graveyard_Disturbance=Una notte al cimitero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Is_Not_the_Homosexual_Who_Is_Perverse,_But_the_Society_in_Which_He_Lives=Non è l'omosessuale ad essere perverso, ma la situazione in cui vive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Boulet=In fuga col cretino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_&_Bash=Un poliziotto per amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slightly_Honorable=L'assassino è in casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_of_the_Dawn=La frontière de l'aube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Headless_Woman_(2008_film)=La mujer sin cabeza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Clowns=I re della risata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peepli_Live=Peepli Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afterschool=Afterschool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Mend=Miss Mend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merchant_of_Four_Seasons=Il mercante delle quattro stagioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_Conduct=Laissez-passer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Dancing_Slaves=Le Clan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Mother's_Worst_Fear=Trappola in rete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Consent=I dannati di Meadowbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_(2010_film)=Sherlock Holmes (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infidel_(2010_film)=Infedele per caso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Valiant_(1997_film)=Il mistero del principe Valiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Killer_Among_Friends=Chi ha ucciso mia figlia?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buried_Secrets_(film)=La casa di Mary (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Dreams_(1996_film)=Frammenti di passato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Unfinished_Affair=Bionda e pericolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Evening,_Mr._Wallenberg=God afton, Herr Wallenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whisper_of_the_Heart=I sospiri del mio cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunting_of_Winchester_House=Haunting of Winchester House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrooge,_or,_Marley's_Ghost=Scrooge, or, Marley's Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ourselves_Alone_(film)=Il castello del mistero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OceanWorld_3D=Oceani 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmaduke_(film)=Sansone (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Avenger=Il vendicatore nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_White_Lies_(2010_film)=Piccole bugie tra amici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_If..._(2010_film)=E se... fosse andata diversamente?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forsaken_Land=Sulanga Enu Pinisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zim_and_Co.=Zim and Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_House_(film)=Crisantemi per un delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_Is_West=Verso l'Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colossus_and_the_Amazon_Queen=La regina delle Amazzoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drums_in_the_Deep_South=A sud rullano i tamburi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restless_Breed=Stirpe maledetta (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_of_the_Weakest=La raison du plus faible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_the_Stranger=Clint il solitario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Friend's_Wife=His Friend's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Man_(2008_film)=L'ombra del sospetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranormal_Entity=Paranormal Entity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dirty_Outlaws=El Desperado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cjamango=Cjamango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloma_of_the_South_Seas_(1926_film)=La danzatrice dei tropici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozen_(2010_American_film)=Frozen (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smokin'_Aces_2:_Assassins'_Ball=Smokin' Aces 2: Assassins' Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Love_(film)=Io sono l'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_of_Harvard_(1911_film)=Brown of Harvard (film 1911)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_of_Harvard_(1918_film)=Brown of Harvard (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_Back=Otvetnyj chod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Zone_of_Special_Attention=V zone osobogo vnimanija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Map_of_the_World_(film)=La mappa del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackass_3D=Jackass 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piano_Blues_(film)=Piano Blues (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blizzard_(film)=Blizzard - La renna di Babbo Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Beginner's_Guide_to_Endings=Guida alla morte per principianti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladiator_of_Rome=Il gladiatore di Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antham=Drohi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Range_Defenders=Range Defenders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Movie=Spanish Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_(1974_film)=Il bestione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Open_till_Christmas=Non aprite prima di Natale!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Crocodile=Killer Crocodile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia_(1989_film)=Australia (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dieu_a_besoin_des_hommes=Dio ha bisogno degli uomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Holl=Malata d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Someone_Had_Known=Nessuno sapeva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maneater_(2009_film)=Maneater (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrietty=Arrietty - Il mondo segreto sotto il pavimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Man_with_Ideas=Avvocato di me stesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaolin_(film)=Shaolin - La leggenda dei monaci guerrieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Not_Disturb_(1965_film)=Non disturbate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Simon's_I_Ought_to_Be_in_Pictures=Quel giardino di aranci fatti in casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinner_for_Schmucks=A cena con un cretino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casablanca_Express=Casablanca Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baby_(film)=Baby (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_Beside_Me_(film)=Uno sconosciuto accanto a me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solitary_Man_(film)=Solitary Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unfrocked_One=Lo spretato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacGruber_(film)=MacGruber (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Nymphomaniac=Valérie - Diario di una ninfomane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Street=Dedizione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adieu_Gary=Adieu Gary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_of_Hope=Born of Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Wonderful_Time_of_the_Year_(film)=Un ospite a sorpresa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gruffalo_(film)=Il Gruffalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donatella_(film)=Donatella (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_of_Life=El camino de la vida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Hyacynth=Mio zio Giacinto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_King=The Fourth King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rythmetic=Rythmetic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mouse_That_Roared_(film)=Il ruggito del topo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_in_Normandy=Testa di sbarco per otto implacabili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_Sundown=Vor Sonnenuntergang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Time_Around_(film)=134 modi per innamorarsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanity_Fair_(1923_film)=La fiera delle vanità (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdemic:_Shock_and_Terror=Birdemic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_My_Affair=Sigillo segreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inspector_(1962_film)=L'ispettore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice's_Adventures_in_Wonderland_(1910_film)=Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Flight_(2009_film)=L'ultimo volo (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whom_God_Forgives=Il bandito di Sierra Morena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alias_the_Doctor=Il segreto del dottore (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Ones_Shall_Be_First=Gli ultimi saranno i primi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Millions=Milioni che scottano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Dagenham=We Want Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Harvest_Moon=L'alba di un vecchio giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_(2011_film)=Rio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Window_to_Luna_Park=La finestra sul Luna Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matinee_Idol=Il teatro di Minnie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Spider's_Web=Caccia al ragno assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apparition=The Apparition (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuela_(1957_film)=Manuela (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Sun_in_Venice=Un colpo da due miliardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illegal_(1955_film)=Voi assassini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_of_the_World=Donna di mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beaver_(film)=Mr. Beaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tizoc_(film)=Tizoc (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Married_an_Angel_(film)=Musica sulle nuvole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stark_Love=Stark Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Captivating_Star_of_Happiness=Una stella di affascinante felicità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_Season_(1994_film)=Il fuoco della resistenza - La vera storia di Chico Mendes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dirty_Dozen:_The_Deadly_Mission=Quella sporca dozzina - Missione mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun'ai_Monogatari=Storia di un amore puro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_Is_the_Law=La legge è legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furry_Vengeance=Puzzole alla riscossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Save_a_Life=To Save a Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_French_Kissers=Il primo bacio (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oi_paranomoi=Oi paranomoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxury_Hotel=Hotel di lusso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_the_Spy:_Blog_Wars=Harriet the Spy (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keeper_(2004_film)=The Keeper (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Pony_(1949_film)=Minuzzolo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shank_(2010_film)=Shank (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Sandwiches=Making Sandwiches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Doctor_(film)=Dea dokuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Men_Don't_Make_Shadows=Inginocchiati straniero... I cadaveri non fanno ombra!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canone_inverso=Canone inverso - Making Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Faces_West=Le quattro facce del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girlfriend_(2004_film)=Girlfriend (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klimt_(film)=Klimt (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_to_Juliet=Letters to Juliet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daylight_Robbery_(2008_film)=Daylight Robbery - Un colpo british style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rest_Is_Silence_(1959_film)=Il resto è silenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Ready_Rifles=Zoras il ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_Men's_Women=Donne di altri uomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Against_Fear=Innocenti paure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_into_Darkness=Una ragazza in trappola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Single_White_Female_2:_The_Psycho=Inserzione pericolosa 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dirty_Dozen:_The_Fatal_Mission=Quella sporca dozzina - Missione nei Balcani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunslinger's_Revenge=Il mio West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_Sleeping_Beauty=Il risveglio della magia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_Needs_Moms=Milo su Marte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killers_(2010_film)=Killers (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wooly_Boys=Wooly Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Is_the_Hero=Home Is the Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_(film)=The Final (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante's_Inferno:_An_Animated_Epic=Dante's Inferno: An Animated Epic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_Up_(film)=Falling Up (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_of_Cops=Sospetti in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncovered_(film)=Scacco matto (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_Command=Ritorna se mi ami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_in_the_Money_(film)=We're in the Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Criminal_Life_of_Archibaldo_de_la_Cruz=Estasi di un delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolves_of_the_Deep=Lupi nell'abisso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Uprising_(film)=Torce rosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_Her_Will:_An_Incident_in_Baltimore=Incidente a Baltimora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Siege_of_Pinchgut=Gli evasi di Fort Denison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_That_on_Monday_Morning=E ciò al lunedì mattina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duel_at_Silver_Creek=Duello al Rio d'argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Time_for_Flowers=Fuga all'ovest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_in_the_Streets=Delitto nella strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scusa_ma_ti_chiamo_amore=Scusa ma ti chiamo amore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utz_(film)=Utz (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie's_World_(film)=Il mondo di Sophie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_(1926_film)=Irene non ti spogliare!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Ami_(2012_film)=Bel Ami - Storia di un seduttore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chain_Reaction=Detector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organ_(film)=Organ (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes:_A_Game_of_Shadows=Sherlock Holmes - Gioco di ombre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Shoot_an_Elephant=To Shoot an Elephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Piranha=Mega Piranha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_of_a_Jewess=Romance of a Jewess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shooting_of_Dan_McGrew_(1924_film)=The Shooting of Dan McGrew (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blessings_of_the_Land=Biyaya ng Lupa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Elmo_(1923_American_film)=Il conte di S. Elmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trifling_Women=Trifling Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quincy_Adams_Sawyer=Lo sciacallo (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drums_of_Love=La legge dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Stop_174=Última Parada 174
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenth_Avenue_Angel=Tenth Avenue Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Mary_Explains_It_All=Sister Mary Explains It All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Last_Spring=Eroica (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Party_Is_Over=Fin de fiesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snake_Woman=La figlia del serpente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Hearts_(film)=Dimensione inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lawyer_(film)=Al di là di ogni ragionevole dubbio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rage_(1997_film)=Confronto finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_You_(1951_film)=Di fronte all'uragano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limbo_(1972_film)=Limbo (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy's_Gone_A-Hunting_(1969_film)=Minuto per minuto senza respiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_of_Dreams=Village of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Target=Giochi di potere (film 2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fair_(film)=Storia di un disertore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Game=I giochi dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Ten_Flags=Sotto dieci bandiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stone_Boy_(film)=The Stone Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_(2010_film)=Red (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Totale!=La totale!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisaragi_(film)=Kisaragi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Pointe_Courte=La pointe courte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_(2009_film)=Passage (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaboom_(film)=Kaboom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Misfortunates=De helaasheid der dingen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butterfly_Lovers_(2008_film)=Butterfly Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lightkeepers=I guardiani del faro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lovers_(1994_film)=Liang zhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_Through_the_Gift_Shop=Exit Through the Gift Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Be_Heaven=Un pezzo di paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happythankyoumoreplease=Happythankyoumoreplease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easier_with_Practice=Easier with Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superfantagenio=Superfantagenio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_of_the_Sawdust=Zingaresca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_for_Elephants_(film)=Come l'acqua per gli elefanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_(1923_film)=Hollywood (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Day_Lover=L'amante di 5 giorni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miral=Miral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makkers_Staakt_uw_Wild_Geraas=Makkers, staakt uw wild geraas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Force_One:_The_Lost_Patrol=Delta Force One: The Lost Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Oxen=Black Oxen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Source_Code=Source Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_Abracadabra-Doo=Scooby-Doo Abracadabradoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphonie_diagonale=Symphonie diagonale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_sentimentale=Romanzo sentimentale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Beginning_to_End=From Beginning to End - Per sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Loves=Salverò il mio amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulldog_Drummond_in_Africa=Bulldog Drummond in Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Fables_of_Love=Le quattro verità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arachnid_(film)=Arachnid - Il predatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beeper_(film)=Beeper (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_over_Honolulu=Ali nella bufera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Likely_Story=A Likely Story (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_One_Killed_Jessica=No One Killed Jessica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sintel=Sintel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Promises_(1992_film)=Un marito di troppo (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Avenger_(1962_film)=La leggenda di Enea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_Ranch=Haunted Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pickle=Buona fortuna, Mr. Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_Ke_Baad=Break Ke Baad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_and_Them=Daddy and Them
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tall_Target=Bersaglio eccellente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Lights_(1978_film)=Northern Lights (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_das_Mortes_(film)=Rio das mortes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Valentine_(film)=Blue Valentine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Loving=La calda pelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Days_of_Pompeii_(1959_film)=Gli ultimi giorni di Pompei (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pumzi=Pumzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calmos=Calmos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_President_Vanishes_(film)=The President Vanishes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kiss_for_Cinderella_(film)=A Kiss for Cinderella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oldest_Profession=L'amore attraverso i secoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_Better_Than_Ever=Marito per forza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_Jane=The Truth About Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That_I_Love=All That I Love - Tutto ciò che amo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rendezvous_at_Bray=Rendez-vous à Bray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valhalla_Rising_(film)=Valhalla Rising - Regno di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ra.One=Ra.One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Brummel_(1924_film)=Lord Brummel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter's_Bone=Un gelido inverno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arasu_(2007_film)=Arasu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morel's_Invention_(film)=L'invenzione di Morel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Roulette=Roulette cinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precious_Find=2049 - L'ultima frontiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_River_(film)=Sul fiume d'argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boot_Hill_Bandits=Boot Hill Bandits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bartered_Bride_(1932_film)=La sposa venduta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubble_(film)=Hubble 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safari_3000=Il rally più pazzo d'Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Stage_Coach=Arizona Stage Coach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Cavaliers=I cavalieri del diavolo (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posse_from_Hell=La squadra infernale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legends_of_Oz:_Dorothy's_Return=Il magico mondo di Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_and_the_Fury_(1959_film)=L'urlo e la furia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Down_Payment=Un urlo nella notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey's_Shadow=Ultimo handicap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Branded_Women=Jovanka e le altre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highly_Dangerous=Estremamente pericoloso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_(1899_film)=Cendrillon (film 1899)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burke_&_Hare_(2010_film)=Ladri di cadaveri - Burke & Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_Wild,_Run_Free=Corri libero e selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagger_Eyes=Mystère (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Last_Day=I saengmyeong dahadorok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expecting_Mary=Expecting Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brushfire_(film)=I guerriglieri della giungla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Joseph_and_His_Brethren=Giuseppe venduto dai fratelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Piece_Film:_Strong_World=One Piece - Avventura sulle isole volanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damon_and_Pythias_(film)=Il tiranno di Siracusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_at_Twenty=L'amore a vent'anni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_bellezza_di_Ippolita=La bellezza di Ippolita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_steppa=La steppa (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chalk_Garden_(film)=Il giardino di gesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Tom_Dooley=La leggenda di Tom Dooley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiffs=W.H.I.F.F.S. - La guerra esilarante del soldato Frapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kids_Are_All_Right_(film)=I ragazzi stanno bene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesher_(film)=Hesher è stato qui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_(1959_film)=Annibale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Go_with_It=Mia moglie per finta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apart_Together=Apart Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yellow_Handkerchief_(2008_film)=The Yellow Handkerchief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey_(2010_film)=Bal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robber=Il rapinatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Family_(2010_film)=En familie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Somewhat_Gentle_Man=En ganske snill mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Want_to_Whistle,_I_Whistle=Se voglio fischiare, fischio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Lola=La piccola Lola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_I_Ended_This_Summer=How I Ended This Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Believe_Me=Credimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Family_Wedding=Matrimonio in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedown_(film)=Comedown (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Loves_Me_Not_(1934_film)=She Loves Me Not (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splendor_(1935_film)=Splendore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger's_Return=Il ritorno della straniera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_with_Red_Hair=La signora dai capelli rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Tears=Happy Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Working_Day=Una breve giornata di lavoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammuth=Mammuth (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollow_Reed=Una casa per Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Path=Il sentiero (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puzzle_(2010_film)=Rompecabezas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splinter_(2006_film)=Splinter (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucky_Larson:_Born_to_Be_a_Star=Bucky Larson: Born to Be a Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_O'Clock_Courage=Il coraggio delle due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_My_Turn_(film)=Amarti a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bone_Snatcher=The Bone Snatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahada_(film)=Shahada (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunter_(2010_film)=The Hunter - Il cacciatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get-Rich-Quick_Wallingford_(1921_film)=Get-Rich-Quick Wallingford (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_All_the_Way=Vivere fino in fondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prey_(2007_film)=Prey - La caccia è aperta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Footprints_to_Satan=Sette passi verso Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summertree=Summertree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Days_of_Hate=I lunghi giorni dell'odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custer's_Last_Fight=Custer's Last Fight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whispering_Footsteps=Whispering Footsteps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guest_in_the_House=Veleno in paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hour_Before_the_Dawn=Un'ora prima dell'alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splendor_(1999_film)=Splendidi amori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Rock:_A_XXX_Parody=30 Rock: A XXX Parody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan_Dog:_Dead_of_Night=Dylan Dog - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bed_&_Breakfast_(1992_film)=Bed & Breakfast - Servizio in camera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bushwackers_(film)=La jena del Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Traveler=World Traveler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jew_Suss:_Rise_and_Fall=Jud Süss - Film ohne Gewissen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Submarino=Submarino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bewitched_(1945_film)=Demone bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_My_Life=Prendi la mia vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Salamander_(film)=La salamandra d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windom's_Way=Terra di ribellione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_Home=Il cargo della violenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singer_Not_the_Song=Il coraggio e la sfida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V.I._Warshawski_(film)=Detective coi tacchi a spillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_Woman=Venere peccatrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badmaash_Company=Badmaash Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_7_Adventures_of_Sinbad=The 7 Adventures of Sinbad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immoral_Women=Tre donne immorali?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_for_Lovers=Vacanze per amanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_Happy_Here=I Was Happy Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordeal_by_Innocence_(film)=Prova d'innocenza (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_Grandin_(film)=Temple Grandin - Una donna straordinaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faster_(2010_film)=Faster (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Us_Girls=Frutto acerbo (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_Millions=Marisa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Parade=Parata di primavera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wabash_Avenue_(film)=La Venere di Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elopement_(film)=Fuga d'amore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_and_the_Prize=I filibustieri della finanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Ruth=La storia di Ruth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_(1948_film)=Il fuggitivo (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctuary_(1961_film)=Il grande peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Cert_(1974_film)=Il fantino deve morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Andrews_(film)=Joseph Andrews (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_the_East=...e poi lo chiamarono il Magnifico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horribly_Slow_Murderer_with_the_Extremely_Inefficient_Weapon=The Horribly Slow Murderer with the Extremely Inefficient Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mistress_(1962_film)=L'amante (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushido,_Samurai_Saga=Bushidô zankoku monogatari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_of_the_Red_Chamber_(1944_film)=Il sogno della camera rossa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trojan_Eddie=Trojan Eddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caretaker_(film)=The Caretaker - Il guardiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Slade=Qualcosa che scotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drum_Beat=Rullo di tamburi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_the_Villa_Fiorita=Accadde un'estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_of_Paradise_(1951_film)=L'uccello di Paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Texan=Il figlio del Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_of_the_Golden_Condor=Il tesoro dei condor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Bono=Killing Bono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Pirate=Il pirata ballerino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rats_Are_Coming!_The_Werewolves_Are_Here!=L'invasione degli ultratopi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrincha:_Hero_of_the_Jungle=Garrincha, alegria do povo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Immortelle=L'immortale (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Waiting=Gidarida michyeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reunion_(1963_film)=La rimpatriata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meteor_Apocalypse=Meteor Apocalypse - Pioggia di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_to_Love_(1953_film)=Fatta per amare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Man_on_Campus=Ragazze, il mostro è innamorato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_My_Baby_Smiles_at_Me_(film)=When My Baby Smiles at Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_Train_349=Un treno è fermo a Berlino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remote_Control_(1988_film)=Videokiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Dollar_Too_Many=I tre che sconvolsero il West (Vado, vedo e sparo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cell_211=Cella 211
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Grit_(2010_film)=Il Grinta (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_an_Island_with_You=Su di un'isola con te
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_Clear_of_Diablo=La mano vendicatrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_and_He_(1963_film)=Kanajo to kare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Dangerous_Man_in_America=The Most Dangerous Man in America: Daniel Ellsberg and the Pentagon Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Which_Way_Home=Which Way Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_White_and_the_Three_Stooges=Biancaneve e i tre compari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/16_Wishes=I 16 desideri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_visita=La visita (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_to_the_City_(film)=La chiave della città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboys_&_Aliens=Cowboys & Aliens (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Smile_Like_Yours=Un sorriso come il tuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Love_(film)=Il sole nel cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crows_Zero_2=Crows Zero II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaw_of_Gor=Ritorno a Gor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Friend_Ivan_Lapshin=Moj drug Ivan Lapšin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Kill_a_Priest=Un prete da uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier,_Olivier=Olivier, Olivier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Walking_Home=Julie Walking Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Gold_(1962_film)=L'impero dell'odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restrepo_(film)=Restrepo - Inferno in Afghanistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Forbidden_Past=Voglio essere tua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._P._M.=R.P.M. Rivoluzione per minuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklahoma_Crude_(film)=I duri di Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chan's_Greatest_Case=Charlie Chan's Greatest Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/40_Guns_to_Apache_Pass=40 fucili al Passo Apache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growth_(film)=Growth - Terrore sotto la pelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Living_(film)=El arte de vivir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_65=Kärlek 65
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Can_Be_Done_Amigo=Si può fare... amigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Benny_the_Dip=St. Benny the Dip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salome,_Where_She_Danced=Salomè (film 1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranglers_of_Bombay=Gli strangolatori di Bombay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_for_Tomorrow=A Song for Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Bogey_(film)=Colonel Bogey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_by_Proxy=Delitto per procura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Blood_Island=Battle of Blood Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idaho_(1943_film)=Idaho (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_Misbehavin'_(film)=Non è peccato (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amorous_Adventures_of_Moll_Flanders=Le avventure e gli amori di Moll Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plastic_Bag_(film)=Plastic Bag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chasers_(1965_film)=Jakten (film 1965)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kept_Husbands=Kept Husbands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unseen_(1945_film)=Il fantasma (film 1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoffmeyer's_Legacy=Hoffmeyer's Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Hearts=Les Coeurs verts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Imperial_(1927_film)=L'ultimo addio (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Give=Please Give
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Kingdom_(film)=Animal Kingdom (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie_in_A_Mermaid_Tale=Barbie e l'avventura nell'oceano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Bonnes_Femmes=Donne facili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Shooting_Time_for_Foxes=Divieto di caccia alle volpi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_Under_the_Red_Hood=Batman: Under the Red Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_River_Renegades=Rock River Renegades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Fallen=Oltre la legge (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Surfer_(film)=Soul Surfer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nail_Gun_Massacre=Il massacro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Tigre_aime_la_chair_fraiche=La tigre ama la carne fresca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Agent_Tiger=La tigre profumata alla dinamite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany_Year_90_Nine_Zero=Germania nove zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_in_Paris=Parigi di notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mambo_(film)=Mambo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rats_Woke_Up=Il risveglio dei topi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Floor_(1967_film)=Il fischio al naso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_Night=La notte pazza del conigliaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Days'_Wonder_(film)=Dieci incredibili giorni (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Horizon=Bombardamento alta quota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mustang!_(film)=Mustang!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housekeeping_(film)=Una donna tutta particolare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Row_(film)=Park Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thieves_After_Dark=Les Voleurs de la nuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_of_No_Return=Strada senza ritorno (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Anger_(film)=Amore e rabbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Champagne_Murders=Le scandale - Delitti e champagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_on_the_Loose=Spettri all'arrembaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_by_Television=Trapped by Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Monsters_Against_the_Son_of_Hercules=Maciste contro i mostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terribly_Happy=Terribly Happy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Popaul=Trappola per un lupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hit_List_(2011_film)=The Hit List - Lista di morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_at_Bloody_Beach=Battaglia sulla spiaggia insanguinata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invitation_to_a_Gunfighter=Invito a una sparatoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Blind_(film)=Flying Blind (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Hanvey,_Detective=Jim Hanvey, Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulldog_Drummond_at_Bay_(1937_film)=Il mistero di Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellamy_(film)=Bellamy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_of_Death_(2010_film)=Game of Death (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adieu_Philippine=Desideri nel sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Great_White_Northern_Lights=Under Great White Northern Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_(2009_film)=Gli ostacoli del cuore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Like_Love=Come l'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stolen_Jewels_(1908_film)=The Stolen Jewels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun_the_Man_Down=Il vendicatore dell'Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sins_of_Rachel_Cade=Desiderio nel sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasure_Party=Una gita di piacere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciao_(film)=Ciao (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Dance_(1950_film)=Torna con me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_and_Zorba=La gabbianella e il gatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bloody_Brood=The Bloody Brood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Une_Visite=Une visite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_(2010_film)=Jackie (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.P.E.X.=A.P.E.X.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Market:_A_Tale_of_Trade=Pazar - Bir ticaret masali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Lies=L'uomo che mente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_That_Shook_the_World=Quel rosso mattino di giugno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bab'Aziz=Bab'Aziz - Il principe che contemplava la sua anima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phineas_and_Ferb_the_Movie:_Across_the_2nd_Dimension=Phineas e Ferb: Il film - Nella seconda dimensione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Heart=The Good Heart - Carissimi nemici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Lion=The Sea Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voodoo_Man=Voodoo Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Stallion_in_the_Rockies=Red Stallion in the Rockies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Browne=La storia di Agnes Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Touch_of_Love_(1969_film)=A Touch of Love (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erotissimo=Erotissimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vampire_Happening=Mezzo litro di rosso per il conte Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Sinner=Il grande peccatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeycomb_(film)=La tana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Day_of_Glory=La sua giornata di gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cradle_Song_(1933_film)=Il canto della culla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suddenly,_It's_Spring=Mia moglie capitano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Girl_(1948_film)=L'uomo che vorrei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_of_Vengeance=La maschera dei Borgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_Surrender=La colpa della signora Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Quiet_Place_in_the_Country=Un tranquillo posto di campagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Mrs._Leslie=Addio signora Leslie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revengers_(film)=La feccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Trouble_(1986_film)=Il grande imbroglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian_(2011_film)=Conan the Barbarian (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airline_Disaster=Airline Disaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DC_Showcase:_The_Spectre=DC Showcase: The Spectre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionysus_in_'69=Dionisio nel '69
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Howl=L'urlo (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_and_After=Oltre l'Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stilyagi_(film)=Stiljagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sportloto-82=Sportloto-82
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Don't_Know_Jack_(film)=You Don't Know Jack - Il dottor morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Gerard=Le avventure di Gerard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Francesa=Joanna la francese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl_Called_Jules=La ragazza di nome Giulio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Customer_of_the_Off_Season=Ore'ach B'Onah Metah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_36=Paris 36
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Agent_Club=Secret Agent (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Journey=Royal Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_on_the_Iron_Coast=Attacco alla costa di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Purple_Plain=Pianura rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promises_Written_in_Water=Promises Written in Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Boy_Called_Dad=A Boy Called Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_Vinod_(2012_film)=Agent Vinod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Does_Herr_R._Run_Amok%3F=Perché il signor R. è colto da follia improvvisa?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coriolanus_(film)=Coriolanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goddess_of_Lost_Lake=The Goddess of Lost Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_of_Invention=Professione inventore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drive_Angry=Drive Angry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeking_Justice=Solo per vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nefertiti,_figlia_del_sole=Nefertiti, figlia del sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Croods=I Croods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shame_(1988_film)=La vergogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_on_Carroll_Street=Labirinto mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Munday=Barry Munday - Papà all'improvviso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lure_of_the_Wilderness=Prigionieri della palude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_to_Kill_(1947_film)=Sparo per uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amphetamine_(film)=An fei ta ming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrong_World=Wrong World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomfield_(film)=Un uomo in vendita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Settlement_(film)=L'ultima nave da Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal_Richelieu_(film)=Il cardinale Richelieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Day_(film)=Die ersten Tage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Duke_(film)=Il duca di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulcima=Scusi lei è vergine?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortune_Is_a_Woman=Indagine pericolosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Chat_(film)=Le chat - L'implacabile uomo di Saint Germain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_Busters_(film)=Blues Busters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vicar_of_Bray_(film)=The Vicar of Bray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Bulldog_Drummond=Il difensore misterioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Ashore=Marinai a terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siren_of_Bagdad=Napoletani a Bagdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_of_Life=Piena di vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whity_(film)=Whity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_Off_(film)=Sound Off (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_Pass=Libera uscita (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vice_Squad_(1953_film)=Squadra omicidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaughter_on_Tenth_Avenue_(film)=I bassifondi del porto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_to_11=10 to 11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Illustrated_Man_(film)=L'uomo illustrato (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_36=Berlin 36
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_&_Night_(2010_film)=Quando il giorno incontra la notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Everything_Is_Going_Fine=And Everything is Going Fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlet_(2009_film)=Hamlet (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Prison_Awaiting_Trial=Detenuto in attesa di giudizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilchama_al_hashalom=Hamilchama al hashalom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven-Per-Cent_Solution_(film)=Sherlock Holmes: soluzione settepercento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battleship_(film)=Battleship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Exorcism=L'ultimo esorcismo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'udienza=L'udienza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_Behind_the_Door=Qualcuno dietro la porta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Paradiso_(film)=Hotel Paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Year_(film)=Another Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuka_(film)=Vivere da vigliacchi, morire da eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Collins_(film)=Michael Collins (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora's_Box_(2008_film)=Pandora's Box (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Here_(film)=I'm Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Maid_(1972_film)=La tardona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Time_Barrier=Beyond the Time Barrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quakeress=The Quakeress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergeant_Ryker=Il sergente Ryker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asso_(film)=Asso (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Missing_Rembrandt=The Missing Rembrandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_All_You_Need=Love Is All You Need
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Gentlemen_from_West_Point=I cavalieri azzurri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diplomatic_Courier=Corriere diplomatico (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Racers=Destino sull'asfalto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Round-Up_(1934_film)=The Last Round-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Hell_to_Texas=L'uomo che non voleva uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_Out=Il solitario di Rio Grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whistling_in_Dixie=Il ritorno del lupo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_at_Monte_Carlo=Murder at Monte Carlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Bridesmaids=La rivincita delle damigelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judas_Kiss_(2011_film)=Judas Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rude_Awakening_(film)=Brusco risveglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pregnancy_Pact=Il patto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rite_(2011_film)=Il rito (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_of_Conscience=Fire of Conscience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_(2010_film)=Boy (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divine_Spark=The Divine Spark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_Through_Air_Power_(film)=Victory Through Air Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unknown_(2011_film)=Unknown - Senza identità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Dogs=Space Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hostel:_Part_III=Hostel: Part III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangaroo_(1952_film)=Kangarù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tension_at_Table_Rock=Web il coraggioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luv_(film)=Luv vuol dire amore?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chan_and_the_Curse_of_the_Dragon_Queen=Charlie Chan e la maledizione della regina drago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Hollywood=La strada per Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_in_Mexico=La collana insanguinata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Secrets=Tre segreti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creature_of_Destruction=Creature of Destruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curse_of_the_Swamp_Creature=Curse of the Swamp Creature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Wolfpack=Pecore nere (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_for_Cover_(film)=All'ombra del patibolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Goddess_(1923_film)=The Green Goddess (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Sundown=Colorado Sundown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Kind_Strangers=Ospitalità a gentili passanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Outlaw_Brother=El Tigre (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witness_for_the_Defense=The Witness for the Defense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Invasion=Alien Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Chamber=Settore tortura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manon_Lescaut_(1926_film)=Manon Lescaut (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utah_(film)=Utah (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_(2011_film)=La cosa (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Operating_Procedure_(film)=Standard Operating Procedure - La verità dell'orrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_and_His_Mother-in-Law=Max et sa belle-mère
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_in_the_House=The Phantom in the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Traitor_(1936_German_film)=Artigli nell'ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Serbian_Film=A Serbian Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trigger_Trio=The Trigger Trio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinister_Hands=Sinister Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Do_You_Know=Come lo sai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_with_the_Dance_(1920_film)=La figlia del vento (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Again=Ancora tu!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Havre_(film)=Miracolo a Le Havre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peep_World=Peep World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre_(2011_film)=Jane Eyre (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fist_of_the_North_Star_(1995_film)=Il ritorno di Kenshiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Girls_in_White=Four Girls in White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gasland=Gasland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Your_Number%3F=(S)Ex List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Material=White Material
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Only_Child=Maternal Obsession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vamps_(film)=Vamps (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto,_Peppino,_and_the_Hussy=Totò, Peppino e la... malafemmina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Contest_(film)=A un passo dall'inferno (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naruto_Shippuden_the_Movie:_The_Lost_Tower=Naruto Shippuden - Il film: La torre perduta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Genesis_Code=The Genesis Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teaserama=Teaserama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Descendants=Paradiso amaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_Curse_of_the_Lake_Monster=Scooby-Doo! La maledizione del mostro del lago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_Sets_at_Dawn=The Sun Sets at Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_a_Stranger_(1961_film)=Return of a Stranger (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardi_Pardaillan!=Le armi della vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restless_(2011_film)=L'amore che resta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOL_(Laughing_Out_Loud)=LOL - Il tempo dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreaker_(2010_film)=Il truffacuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fascination_(1922_film)=L'incantesimo del piacere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footlights_(1921_film)=La maschera di carne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazzmania=Jazzmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Limits_(1934_film)=City Limits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Sword's_Point=I figli dei moschettieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Descendant_(2003_film)=Descendant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_(2011_film)=Thank You (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_My_Tip=Take My Tip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_State_(2011_film)=Red State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haru_(1996_film)=(Haru)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorian_Gray_(1970_film)=Il dio chiamato Dorian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_on_the_Beach=Wild on the Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Painted_Angel=La favorita di Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_(2010_film)=The American (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Society_Exile=A Society Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_in_the_Haunted_House=Congiura al castello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_a_Shoplifter=La regina dei tagliaborse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomka_and_His_Friends=Tomka dhe shokët e tij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Greenwood_Tree_(1918_film)=Under the Greenwood Tree (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Corn_(1984_film)=Grano rosso sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Portrait_(1993_film)=Ritratti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clink_of_Ice=Le Bruit des glaçons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Forgives..._I_Don't!=Dio perdona... io no!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Furniture=Tiny Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poetry_(film)=Poetry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skateland=Skateland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Tour_(2010_film)=Tournée (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Things:_Foursome=Sex Crimes 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Gods_and_Men_(film)=Uomini di Dio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outside_the_Law_(2010_film)=Uomini senza legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Housemaid_(2010_film)=The Housemaid (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Certified_Copy_(film)=Copia conforme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outrage_(2010_film)=Outrage (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melancholia_(2011_film)=Melancholia (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Wise_Girls=Tre maniere d'amare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Wanted=Man Wanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_in_France=Somewhere in France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentimental_Tommy=Sentimental Tommy (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Apache_Napoli=Fortapàsc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_nostra_vita=La nostra vita (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnt_by_the_Sun_2=Il sole ingannatore 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_of_Montpensier=La princesse de Montpensier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Boonmee_Who_Can_Recall_His_Past_Lives=Lo zio Boonmee che si ricorda le vite precedenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Rose_(film)=La rosa di Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpay's_Fabulous_Adventure=La favolosa avventura di Sharpay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatroom_(film)=I segreti della mente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Strange_Transgressor=A Strange Transgressor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_on_the_Window=L'ombra alla finestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Cool=Johnny Cool, messaggero di morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_America:_The_First_Avenger=Captain America - Il primo Vendicatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Brand_New_Life_(2009_film)=Yeohaengja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Marseillaise_(film)=La Marsigliese (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_a_Man_Loves=When a Man Loves (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Daltons_Rode=La vendetta dei Dalton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experience_(1921_film)=Giovinezza (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartless_(2009_film)=Heartless (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Love_a_Stranger=Autopsia di un gangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Jazz_Bride=Scuola dei mariti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_giorni_dell'abbandono=I giorni dell'abbandono (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lawless=Linciaggio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goyokin=Là dove volano i corvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_(2010_American_film)=Super - Attento crimine!!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_in_Paris=Midnight in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_on_Us=Down on Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mao's_Last_Dancer_(film)=Mao's Last Dancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeymoon_(1947_film)=Serenata messicana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_in_Baltimore=Diana vuole la libertà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Desert_Hawk_(1950_film)=L'aquila del deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Getting_By=L'arte di cavarsela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Flood=La diga della paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany_in_Autumn=Germania in autunno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affair_in_Havana=Intrigo all'Avana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_as_We_Know_It_(film)=Tre all'improvviso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affinity_(film)=Affinity (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udaan_(2010_film)=Udaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobo_with_a_Shotgun=Hobo with a Shotgun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Ranch=Love Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Eagles_Strike=When Eagles Strike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butter_(2011_film)=Butter (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opium_War_(2008_film)=Opium War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8:_The_Mormon_Proposition=8: The Mormon Proposition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saddle_the_Wind=Lo sperone insanguinato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Lady_(film)=La signora del fiume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_in_the_Walls=Ogni casa ha i suoi segreti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Number_Can_Play=Fate il vostro gioco (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Screaming_Man=Un homme qui crie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Days_of_Pompeii_(1950_film)=Gli ultimi giorni di Pompei (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Chapter_in_Her_Life=L'intrusa (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Pass_Key=Il grimaldello del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coast_of_Folly=Follie (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_White_(1948_film)=La castellana bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dad_for_a_Day_(2009_film)=Papá por un día
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_Jack=Il gioco dei soldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liliom_(1934_film)=La leggenda di Liliom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_and_Loose_(1954_film)=Scandalo di notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_and_Loose_(1939_film)=Il manoscritto scomparso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_(1999_film)=Ester (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blitz_(film)=Blitz (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrek_Forever_After=Shrek e vissero felici e contenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amsterdam_Kill=Poliziotto privato: un mestiere difficile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_Hill_(1964_film)=La cugina Fanny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind_Cannot_Read=Il vento non sa leggere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_on_56th_Street=La casa della 56ª strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Ways_from_Sundown=Sette strade al tramonto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mechanic_(2011_film)=Professione assassino (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_with_a_Past=Lady with a Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine_Gun_Preacher=Machine Gun Preacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico_Xavier_(film)=Chico Xavier (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansel_&_Gretel:_Witch_Hunters=Hansel & Gretel - Cacciatori di streghe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man-Proof=Man-Proof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Tomorrow_Comes_(film)=Vigilia d'amore (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_of_Two_Worlds=Uomini di due mondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Said_No_(1930_film)=Come rubai mia moglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Camber's_Ladies=Le signore di lord Camber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_Trinidad=L'isola degli agguati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenderness_of_Wolves_(film)=La tenerezza del lupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Cents_a_Dance_(1931_film)=Dieci soldi a danza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Angel_(1936_film)=L'angelo bianco (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Lies_Bleeding_(2008_film)=Love Lies Bleeding - Soldi sporchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(1935_film)=I tre moschettieri (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Camel_(film)=Il cammello nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chan's_Courage=Charlie Chan's Courage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Carlo_(2011_film)=Monte Carlo (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_in_Diamonds=La signora dei diamanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_of_the_Planet_of_the_Apes=L'alba del pianeta delle scimmie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncertain_Glory=Tre giorni di gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Secret_(1950_film)=Segreto di stato (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lamp_Still_Burns=La lampada arde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nocturne_Indien=Notturno indiano (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_(miniseries)=Carlos (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prithvi_(2010_film)=Prithvi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Route_Irish_(film)=L'altra verità (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Innkeepers_(film)=The Innkeepers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faces_in_the_Crowd_(film)=Faces in the Crowd - Frammenti di un omicidio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tender_Son:_The_Frankenstein_Project=Tender Son: The Frankenstein Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Strong=Country Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hyperboloid_of_Engineer_Garin_(film)=Giperboloid inzenera Garina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Bladesman=The Lost Bladesman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Girl_and_the_Monsoon=The Young Girl and the Monsoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chongqing_Blues=Chongqing Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Desire=Desiderio di donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Joy=My Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Be_Good%3F=Gambette indiavolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Chihuahua_2=Beverly Hills Chihuahua 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic:_The_Legend_Goes_On=Titanic - La leggenda continua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_1,000_Dolls=Le false vergini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_for_Killing=Assalto finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Long_Return=A Venezia muore un'estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Successive_Slidings_of_Pleasure=Spostamenti progressivi del piacere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_of_a_Fugitive=Il volto del fuggiasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Coral_Sea_(film)=La battaglia del Mar dei Coralli (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Desperadoes=Desperados (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vendetta_(1995_film)=Vendetta (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zandy's_Bride=Una donna chiamata moglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Yuma_(film)=Orizzonte di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomahawk_Trail=La pista dei Tomahawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serious_as_Pleasure=Primavera carnale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Common_Man_(film)=Dupont Lajoie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_a_Mystery_(film)=Le campane suonano all'alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limitless=Limitless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Guys_and_the_Bad_Guys=Il grande giorno di Jim Flagg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trigun:_Badlands_Rumble=Trigun: Badlands Rumble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Man_(2005_film)=Non dire sì - L'amore sta per sorprenderti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Gone_Wild=Gli angeli dell'odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Caper=La città minata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trotsky=The Trotsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_Affair_of_Uncle_Harry=Io ho ucciso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Boy=Soul Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia's_Eyes=Con gli occhi dell'assassino (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_a_Reasonable_Doubt_(2009_film)=Un alibi perfetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looper_(film)=Looper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_Enemy_Lines_(1986_film)=Vietnam: la grande fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Who_Cried_Werewolf_(2010_film)=Il ragazzo che gridava al lupo... Mannaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Harrison:_Living_in_the_Material_World=George Harrison: Living in the Material World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_for_the_Yankee_Zephyr=Il tesoro dello Yankee Zephyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Earth_Is_Mine_(1959_film)=La mia terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_for_the_Lamps_of_China_(film)=La lampada cinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lone_Ranger_and_the_Lost_City_of_Gold=Il cavaliere azzurro della città dell'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic_II_(film)=Titanic II (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Maps_(film)=Star Maps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operator_13=L'agente n. 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undisputed_III:_Redemption=Undisputed III: Redemption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Centipede_2_(Full_Sequence)=The Human Centipede 2 (Full Sequence)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Cheat=Il romanzo di un baro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_and_Margaret_(1972_film)=Il maestro e Margherita (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safari_(1956_film)=Safari (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Shepherd_of_Kingdom_Come=The Little Shepherd of Kingdom Come (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Hard_Men_(film)=Gli ultimi giganti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Crowne=L'amore all'improvviso - Larry Crowne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideaways=Hideaways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_War_Bride=La guerra (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Nikola_Tesla=Il segreto di Nikola Tesla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tammy_and_the_T-Rex=Tammy e il T-Rex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracked_by_Bloodhounds;_or,_A_Lynching_at_Cripple_Creek=Tracked by Bloodhounds; or, A Lynching at Cripple Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Mommas:_Like_Father,_Like_Son=Big Mama - Tale padre, tale figlio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Job_(2010_film)=Inside Job (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spud_(film)=Spud (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanishing_on_7th_Street=Vanishing on 7th Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent's_Last_Case_(1929_film)=L'affare Manderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Against_Mrs._Hadley=The War Against Mrs. Hadley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Elite_(film)=Killer Elite (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Race_2=Death Race 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_File_of_the_Golden_Goose=Quel maledetto ispettore Novak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliviero_Rising=Oliviero Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raam_(2009_film)=Raam (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wings_of_the_Dove_(1981_film)=Storia di donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaux_profondes=Acque profonde (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trout_(film)=La Truite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Otra_(film)=Vita rubata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daughter_of_Darkness_(1948_film)=Daughter of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey_2=Honey 2 - Lotta ad ogni passo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Best_Friend's_Girl_(1983_film)=La Femme de mon pote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amphibious_(film)=Amphibious 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush:_Beyond_the_Lighted_Stage=Rush: Beyond the Lighted Stage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunting_in_Connecticut_2:_Ghosts_of_Georgia=The Haunting in Connecticut 2: Ghosts of Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrano_Agency=Cyrano yeon-aejojakdan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_vs_Ninja=Ninja contro alieni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Possessed_(1988_film)=Dostoevskij - I demoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Migrations_(film)=Seobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Duanes_(1930_film)=L'ultimo eroe (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swindle_(1997_film)=Rien ne va plus (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocent_Bystanders_(film)=Sole rosso sul Bosforo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Scandal=Niente scandalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Called_Noon=Lo chiamavano Mezzogiorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Season_(1974_film)=Le mele marce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Never_Comes=L'assassino della domenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_the_Road_(1970_film)=End of the Road (film 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gypsy_and_the_Gentleman=La zingara rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roads_to_the_South=Le strade del sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Together_Again_(film)=Ancora insieme (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_of_Innocence=Il figlio di due madri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_of_Power=La commedia del potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Love=L'amore nascosto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medea_Miracle=Médée miracle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Amalia_(film)=Villa Amalia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Over_Horses=Crazy Over Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Paris_with_Love=Due inglesi a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamara_Drewe_(film)=Tamara Drewe - Tradimenti all'inglese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Land=Là dove il sole brucia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_41-Year-Old_Virgin_Who_Knocked_Up_Sarah_Marshall_and_Felt_Superbad_About_It=41 anni vergine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_Territory_(film)=Giustizia di popolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozara_(film)=Kozara l'ultimo comando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lonely_Place_to_Die=A Lonely Place to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Story_of_O_(film)=Histoire d'O (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fool's_Mate_(1956_film)=Le coup du berger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Number_Four_(film)=Sono il Numero Quattro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worried_About_the_Boy=Worried About the Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trottie_True=Il duca e la ballerina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon_High_(film)=Avalon High (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Have_Two_Mothers_and_Two_Fathers=Le sorprese del divorzio (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Diaries_of_Miss_Anne_Lister=The Secret Diaries of Miss Anne Lister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters_(2010_film)=Monsters (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman/Batman:_Apocalypse=Superman/Batman: Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sironia=Sironia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampires_Suck=Mordimi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnomeo_&_Juliet=Gnomeo e Giulietta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masquerade_(1965_film)=50.000 sterline per tradire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_for_the_Money_(film)=One for the Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_(1983_film)=Adam (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Americano_(1955_film)=L'americano (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugs_Bunny's_3rd_Movie:_1001_Rabbit_Tales=Le 1001 favole di Bugs Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis_(1991_film)=Atlantis (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_Forever=Waiting for Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena_(2011_film)=Death Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insidious_(film)=Insidious (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Reunion=The Secret Reunion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raging_Sharks=Shark Invasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypothermia_(film)=Hypothermia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Rapids_(film)=Benvenuti a Cedar Rapids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Kombat:_Rebirth=Mortal Kombat: Rebirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darkest_Hour_(film)=L'ora nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_New_Hampshire:_The_Pamela_Wojas_Smart_Story=Giovani bruciati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocent_Lies=Intrigo perverso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinoshark=Dinoshark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thief_Catcher=A Thief Catcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_Press_Girl=Stop Press Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Frenchie_King=Le pistolere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbery_Under_Arms_(1957_film)=La grande rapina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Fighter:_Legacy=Street Fighter: Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Cats=African Cats - Il regno del coraggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Kind_of_a_Funny_Story_(film)=5 giorni fuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Will,_I_Will..._for_Now=Sì, sì... per ora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dilemma=Il dilemma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_with_Benefits_(film)=Amici di letto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Hunt_of_the_Sun_(film)=La grande strage dell'impero del sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brain_(1962_film)=L'uomo che vinse la morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Psychopath=La bambola di cera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craze_(film)=Il buio macchiato di rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Steel=Real Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appunti_per_un_film_sull'India=Appunti per un film sull'India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerichow_(film)=Jerichow (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knights_of_Badassdom=Knights of Badassdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Tomorrow_Goodbye_(film)=Non ci sarà domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Teresa_of_Calcutta_(film)=Madre Teresa (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry_Meet_Sherlock_Holmes=Tom & Jerry incontrano Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Gold=Penny Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam's_Woman=La frusta e la forca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Riding_Hood_(2011_film)=Cappuccetto rosso sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarafina!_(film)=Sarafina! Il profumo della libertà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_New_Year_(1987_film)=Un'idea geniale (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chan's_Murder_Cruise=Charlie Chan e la crociera del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Strangers=Cuori estranei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_on_Leningrad=Attacco a Leningrado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy_Going_South=Sammy va al sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Horse_(film)=War Horse (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._Monkey=B. Monkey - Una donna da salvare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buccaneer's_Girl=La corsara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fright_Night_(2011_film)=Fright Night - Il vampiro della porta accanto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lovely_Way_to_Die=Jim l'irresistibile detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Fayette_(film)=La Fayette - Una spada per due bandiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Riders=Gli uomini falco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragazzi_del_Juke-Box=I ragazzi del juke-box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kona_Coast_(film)=Kona Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Groundstar_Conspiracy=La spia che vide il suo cadavere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Came_to_Rob_Las_Vegas=Radiografia di un colpo d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Lucky_Touch=Toccarlo... porta fortuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deadly_Trackers=La rossa ombra di Riata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark_Athlete=Newark Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Seas_to_Calais=Il dominatore dei 7 mari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasei_Kingu_Kongu=Wasei Kingu Kongu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaguar_Lives!=Nel mirino del giaguaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Colored_Girls=For Colored Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonehenge_Apocalypse=Stonehenge Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Oz:_The_Nature_of_Dreams=Amos Oz: The Nature of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Big_to_Fail_(film)=Too Big to Fail - Il crollo dei giganti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_(2011_film)=Ready (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_Hearts_(1922_film)=Hungry Hearts (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennon_Naked=Lennon Naked - Essere John Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blonde_with_Bare_Breasts=La blonde aux seins nus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_in_the_Valley=Ragazze da sballo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Rule_Kate=Golden Rule Kate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delusions_of_Grandeur_(film)=Mania di grandezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decoy_Bride=Una sposa in affitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Den_Brother=Fratello scout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trespass_(2011_film)=Trespass (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemingway_&_Gellhorn=Hemingway & Gellhorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cytherea_(film)=Cytherea (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Frisson_des_Vampires=Violenza ad una vergine nella terra dei morti viventi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_of_the_Heap_(film)=Top of the Heap (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Struck_(1925_film)=Teatromania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Experts_(1973_film)=Gli esperti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habla,_mudita=Habla, mudita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turk's_Head=Tête de turc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_My_Sons_(film)=Erano tutti miei figli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vampire_Nue=La vampira nuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hop_(film)=Hop (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Property_Is_No_Longer_a_Theft=La proprietà non è più un furto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_in_Blood=L'amico di famiglia (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moneyball_(film)=L'arte di vincere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Cat_(1921_film)=Lo scoiattolo (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_(2010_film)=Devil (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleep_Tight_(film)=Bed Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumurun=Sumurum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_14=I 14 della Bond Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Nudity_Shall_Be_Punished=Ogni nudità sarà proibita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Snark=Russian Snark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Killing_Fields=Le paludi della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_Gyrls_(film)=School Gyrls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranormal_Activity_2=Paranormal Activity 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zion_and_His_Brother=Zion and His Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giant_of_Metropolis=Il gigante di Metropolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_(film)=Basil (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_Sexuality=Virtual Sexuality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_of_the_South_Seas=Venus of the South Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Is_No_13=L'ultima donna non esiste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_Beauty_(2011_film)=Sleeping Beauty (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immortal_Garrison=La guarnigione immortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeleton_on_Horseback=Bílá nemoc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transport_from_Paradise=Trasporto per il paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.E.=W.E. - Edward e Wallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rim_of_the_Canyon=Rim of the Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shrine_(film)=The Shrine (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Home=Dream Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Girl=Ragazzi e ragazze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolver_(1973_film)=Revolver (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aftershock_(2010_film)=Aftershock (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hair_(film)=Quello che donna vuole...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westbound_(film)=L'oro della California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwest_Passage=I pionieri della California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loved_Ones_(film)=The Loved Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ante_Up_(film)=Il piatto piange (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Bit_of_Heaven_(2011_film)=Il mio angolo di paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glorious_Adventure_(1922_film)=La gloriosa avventura (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kansan_(film)=La città rubata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fat_Man_(film)=Storia di un detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legendary_(film)=Legendary (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eichmann_(film)=Eichmann (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Season_(film)=La tentazione e il peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh,_Men!_Oh,_Women!=Le donne hanno sempre ragione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Season_3=Boog & Elliot 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husk_(film)=Husk (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_Camp_Scare=Scooby-Doo! Paura al campo estivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amors_Baller=Amors Baller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jogayya=Jogayya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canterville_Ghost_(1996_film)=Fantasma per amore (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Twist_(1909_film)=Oliver Twist (film 1909)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abduction_(2011_film)=Abduction - Riprenditi la tua vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_Terror!=Lama alla gola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Without_a_Name=Azonositás
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intruders_(2011_film)=Intruders (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violence_in_a_Women's_Prison=Violenza in un carcere femminile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OSS_117_Mission_for_a_Killer=Oss 117 furia a Bahia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puss_in_Boots_(2011_film)=Il gatto con gli stivali (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goltzius_and_the_Pelican_Company=Goltzius and the Pelican Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_(2000_film)=Cenerentola per sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Turtle's_Tale:_Sammy's_Adventures=Le avventure di Sammy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutiny_in_the_Big_House=Gli ammutinati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Stage_Sisters=Two Stage Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caro_Michele=Caro Michele (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lorax_(film)=Lorax - Il guardiano della foresta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nero's_Weekend=Mio figlio Nerone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chipollino_(film)=Cipollino (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Year_Later_(film)=One Year Later
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crimebusters=L'ombra della vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_(1978_film)=Angela (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Dust_(film)=La via delle stelle (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwich_Village_(film)=Samba d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_and_David=La vita è nostra (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentimental_Journey_(film)=Non dirmi addio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anari_No.1=Anari No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F_comme_Fairbanks=Come è cambiata la nostra vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_Evil=OSS 117 minaccia Bangkok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planeta_Bur=I sette navigatori dello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dangerous_Method=A Dangerous Method
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lost_Life=Verlorenes Leben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisses_for_My_President=Ho sposato 40 milioni di donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chad_Hanna=Passione di amazzoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail,_Hero!=Hail, Hero!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_mondo_perduto=Il mondo perduto - I cortometraggi di Vittorio De Seta 1954-1959
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubber_(2010_film)=Rubber (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Five=Fast & Furious 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krakatit=Krakatit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lea_(film)=Lea (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo,_Juliet_and_Darkness=Giulietta, Romeo e le tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Rhapsody_(film)=L'amante del re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_(film)=Istanbul (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_(1947_film)=Singapore (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Me_When_It's_Over_(film)=Svegliami quando è finito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carthage_in_Flames=Cartagine in fiamme (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Act_of_Love_(1953_film)=Atto d'amore (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aakash_(film)=Aakash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_and_Soul_(1981_film)=Il guerriero del ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Litter=Camada negra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Client_List=La lista dei clienti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(1939_film)=D'Artagnan e i tre moschettieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medea_(1988_film)=Medea (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divided_Heart=Il figlio conteso (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essential_Killing=Essential Killing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anchorite=El anacoreta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_in_a_Day_(2011_film)=La vita in un giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_(1985_film)=Miranda (film 1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOL_(2012_film)=LOL - Pazza del mio migliore amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirkus_Columbia=Cirkus Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pillars_of_the_Earth_(miniseries)=I pilastri della Terra (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_God's_Country_(1953_film)=Il comandante del Flying Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fairly_Odd_Movie:_Grow_Up,_Timmy_Turner!=Un fantafilm - Devi crescere, Timmy Turner!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Take_Sweets_from_a_Stranger=Corruzione a Jamestown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_in_Berlin=Un'estate sul balcone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Michel_Basquiat:_The_Radiant_Child=Jean-Michel Basquiat: The Radiant Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_City=Cesta z města
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gympl=Gympl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_End_(1966_film)=Happy End (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_World_Is_Losing_Poets=Jak svět přichází o básníky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajay_(2006_film)=Ajay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigs_Have_Wings_(film)=Porci con le ali (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/50/50_(2011_film)=50 e 50
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Special_Favor=Una ragazza da sedurre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swordsman_of_Siena=La congiura dei dieci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_North=Inferno bianco (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_This_Is_London_(1939_film)=So This Is London (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_of_St._Louis=Il ranch delle tre campane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astral_City:_A_Spiritual_Journey=Nosso Lar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler's_Madman=Il pazzo di Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Idiot_Brother=Quell'idiota di nostro fratello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Teacher=Bad Teacher - Una cattiva maestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories_of_Me=Alla scoperta di papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutch_the_Honeybee=La grande avventura dell'Ape Magà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_vs._George_Lucas=The People vs. George Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_English_Reborn=Johnny English - La rinascita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_pecora_nera_(2010_film)=La pecora nera (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Few=Amore facciamo scambio?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Solitude_of_Prime_Numbers=La solitudine dei numeri primi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Nowhere_(film)=Road to Nowhere (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_of_the_Wings=Trilli e il segreto delle ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_Youth=The Truth About Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senza_Tempo=Senza tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noi_credevamo=Noi credevamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potiche=Potiche - La bella statuina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Wood_(film)=Norwegian Wood (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attenberg=Attenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(2010_film)=Drei (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non_ti_pago!=Non ti pago!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_cuori_infranti=I cuori infranti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach_House_(film)=Casotto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Io_non_spezzo..._rompo=Io non spezzo... rompo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_domestico=Il domestico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Make_Believe_Pirates=Allegri masnadieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomwatch_(film)=Doomwatch - I mostri del 2001
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_as_Catch_Can_(1967_film)=Lo scatenato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermano_(film)=Hermano (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fracchia_la_belva_umana=Fracchia la belva umana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_ragazzo_di_campagna=Il ragazzo di campagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_commissario_Lo_Gatto=Il commissario Lo Gatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thursday=Il giovedì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_pillole_di_Ercole=Le pillole di Ercole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_in_the_Revue=Botta e risposta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Women=Il mantenuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eccezzziunale..._veramente=Eccezzziunale... veramente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacanze_di_Natale=Vacanze di Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compagni_di_scuola=Compagni di scuola (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctum_(film)=Sanctum 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butterfly_Circus=Il circo della farfalla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Blue_Shanghai=Lady Blue Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Film_Unfinished=A Film Unfinished
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Lovers_(1954_film)=Giovani amanti (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_Black_(2012_film)=The Woman in Black (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Living,_One_Dead=Two Living, One Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altitude_(film)=Altitude (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirrors_2=Riflessi di paura 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Every_Woman_Knows_(1934_film)=What Every Woman Knows (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puncture_(film)=Puncture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cave_of_Forgotten_Dreams=Cave of Forgotten Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Queda=La caduta (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascensor=Ascensor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cottage_on_Dartmoor=A Cottage on Dartmoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_(film)=Advantage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Plane_Out=Last Plane Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day_(2011_film)=One Day (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Trick=Poslední trik pana Schwarcewalldea a pana Edgara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Walker_(film)=Passi nella notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closed_Circuit_(1978_film)=Circuito chiuso (film 1978)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Teacher_(1977_film)=El brigadista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinyan=Vinyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lame_Devil_(film)=Il diavolo zoppo (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Skin=Metal Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daybreak_(1948_film)=Il boia arriva all'alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbed_Wire_(1952_film)=Barbed Wire (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_President_(1977_film)=La morte del presidente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premium_Rush=Senza freni (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Submarine_X-1=Sfida negli abissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timbuktu_(1959_film)=La prigioniera del Sudan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angi_Vera=Angi Vera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_Was_Beautiful=La sposa era bellissima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoli,_Napoli,_Napoli=Napoli Napoli Napoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_of_the_Comet=Il tempo della cometa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_Sherlock_Holmes;_or,_Held_for_Ransom=Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandagar=Kandagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Prince=Snow Prince - Kinjirareta Koi no Melody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_No-Hit_No-Run_Summer=Un été sans point ni coup sûr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Barrier_(film)=Uomini coraggiosi (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Saw_the_Devil=Angmareul bo-atda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiter,_Scarper!=Corri ragazzo corri (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Marten,_or_the_Mystery_of_the_Red_Barn=Maria Marten, or: The Murder in the Red Barn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Quest_of_Mr._Ernest_Bliss=The Amazing Quest of Mr. Ernest Bliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Narrow_Valley=The Narrow Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Murderer=Tormento (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_to_Woman_(1923_film)=Woman to Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oranges_(film)=Scusa, mi piace tuo padre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faces_in_the_Dark=Faces in the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Time_(2009_film)=Amore al primo... Gulp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aurora_Encounter=Incontri ravvicinati ad Aurora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria..._Why%3F=Alessandria perché?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kejsaren=Kejsaren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vigilante_(film)=Vigilante (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Sam_(film)=Uncle Sam (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moby_Dick_(2010_film)=2010: Moby Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meetings_with_Remarkable_Men_(film)=Incontri con uomini straordinari (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messidor_(film)=Messidoro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winterborn_(film)=Vinterborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Juggler=Fort Bronx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Minutes_or_Less=30 Minutes or Less
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_(film)=Hanna (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeking_Asylum_(film)=Chiedo asilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Save_a_Marriage_and_Ruin_Your_Life=Come salvare un matrimonio e rovinare la propria vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seize_the_Day_(film)=Seize the Day (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Siren=Red Siren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vanishing_Lady=Escamotage d'une dame chez Robert-Houdin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incorrigible_(film)=L'incorreggibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa_Texas_Style=Cowboy in Africa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squadra_antitruffa=Squadra antitruffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voices_(1973_film)=E se oggi... fosse già domani?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_When_I_Larf_(film)=...solo quando rido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_White_(1929_film)=The Woman in White (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crooked_Billet=The Crooked Billet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_of_the_Lake_(film)=The Lady of the Lake (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orchestra_Conductor=Direttore d'orchestra (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elite_Squad:_The_Enemy_Within=Tropa de Elite 2 - Il nemico è un altro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_Riders_(film)=Ombre a cavallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horrible_Bosses=Come ammazzare il capo... e vivere felici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_with_the_Dragon_Tattoo_(2011_film)=Millennium - Uomini che odiano le donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unknown_Island=L'isola sconosciuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_from_the_Streets=Gategutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(2011_film)=I tre moschettieri (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedtrap_(film)=Speed Interceptor III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tourist_(2010_film)=The Tourist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bright_Shining_Lie_(film)=La guerra dei bugiardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocents_with_Dirty_Hands=Gli innocenti dalle mani sporche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitty_(1929_film)=Kitty (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_the_Rebel=Ernesto il ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someday_This_Pain_Will_Be_Useful_to_You_(film)=Un giorno questo dolore ti sarà utile (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_X_(1968_film)=Anno 2118: progetto X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico_and_Rita=Chico & Rita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raven's_Dance=La danza del corvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Voyage_en_douce=Un dolce viaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brudeferden_i_Hardanger=Brudeferden i Hardanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Placid_3=Lake Placid 3 - Calma apparente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_to_Destroy=L'uomo che bisognava uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Juan,_or_If_Don_Juan_Were_a_Woman=Una donna come me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_Sunny=Solo Sunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Flowers=Brennende blomster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_City_Raiders=I predatori della città perduta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_(2011_film)=Arturo (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Constant_Nymph_(1943_film)=Il fiore che non colsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_at_Bath=Homme au bain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_and_Man_(1934_film)=Master and Man (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Shark_Versus_Crocosaurus=Mega Shark Versus Crocosaurus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_and_the_Woman=The World and the Woman (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loving_Glances=Sjaj u Ocima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Brother_Is_a_Dog=Un fratello a 4 zampe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Ten_Times_Over=Le donne del mondo di notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_vacanza=La vacanza (film 1971)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_of_Four_Gates=Helen of Four Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Still_Here_(2010_film)=Joaquin Phoenix - Io sono qui!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passionate_Adventure=L'avventura appassionata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Because_of_the_Cats=Perché i gatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matching_Jack=So che ci sei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Uncut=Star Wars Uncut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TPB_AFK=TPB AFK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_(1931_film)=The Phantom (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moonstone_(1934_film)=La pietra lunare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Windermere's_Fan_(1925_film)=Il ventaglio di Lady Windermere (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie:_A_Fashion_Fairytale=Barbie - La magia della moda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Six_Days_from_the_Life_of_Dostoyevsky=26 giorni della vita di Dostoevskij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever_(1981_film)=La febbre (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_minestrone=Il minestrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_of_Death=Un delitto poco comune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toxic_Zombies=Il ritorno degli zombie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle:_The_Incredible_Journey=L'incredibile viaggio della tartaruga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_Sing_(film)=Sing Sing (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Men:_First_Class=X-Men - L'inizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_(1974_film)=Martha (film 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beware_of_a_Holy_Whore=Attenzione alla puttana santa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_and_Punishment_(2002_Russian_film)=Delitto e castigo (film 2002)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resident_Evil_(film_series)=Resident Evil (serie di film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_of_Judah=The Lion of Judah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breath_of_Life_(1990_film)=Diceria dell'untore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_with_a_Smile=40 gradi all'ombra del lenzuolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_There_or_Be_Square=Bujian busan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Blossoms_(1936_film)=Giglio infranto (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blossom_Time_(film)=Sinfonia d'amore (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uninvited_(1999_film)=L'escluso (1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirka_(film)=Mirka (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cardinal_(1936_film)=The Cardinal (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Birds_(film)=Night Birds (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Rogue_River=La battaglia di Fort River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemonade_Mouth_(film)=Lemonade Mouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patagonia_(film)=Patagonia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Corbett-Fitzsimmons_Fight=The Corbett-Fitzsimmons Fight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microphone_(film)=Microphone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crayon_Shin-chan:_Pursuit_of_the_Balls_of_Darkness=Crayon Shin-chan - Ankoku tamatama dai tsuiseki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_(2010_film)=Beyond (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_Wind=Il soffio del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Destination_5=Final Destination 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanamizuki=Hanamizuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowing_with_the_Wind=Remando nel vento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_and_Soul_(1948_film)=Cuore (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Cuentos_de_Borges:_El_Sur=El sur (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_(1934_film)=La battaglia (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outsider_(1939_film)=Salverò tua figlia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outsider_(1931_film)=The Outsider (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Condemned_of_Altona_(film)=I sequestrati di Altona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Should_a_Doctor_Tell%3F_(1930_film)=Should a Doctor Tell? (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reign_of_Assassins=La congiura della pietra nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombiana=Colombiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_monde_nouveau=Un mondo nuovo (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_chiameremo_Andrea=Lo chiameremo Andrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amateur_Gentleman_(1936_film)=Gentiluomo dilettante - Il nuovo Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_and_the_Lady_(film)=L'avventuriera (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clemenceau_Affair=Il processo Clémenceau (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Englishman_and_the_Girl=The Englishman and the Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandmother's_House_(film)=Quella strana casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedelia_(film)=Bedelia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rembrandt_(1942_film)=Crepuscolo di gloria (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Traitor_(1957_film)=L'assassino colpisce a tradimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Company_and_the_Crazy=La compagnia dei matti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Happy_Hearts=Due cuori felici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Handful_of_Dust_(film)=Il matrimonio di Lady Brenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_of_Love=Dono d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_(film)=Jessica (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inbetweeners_Movie=Finalmente maggiorenni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_in_Question=Seduzione (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Lady=La vecchia signora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_segretaria_per_tutti=La segretaria per tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helter_Skelter_(2004_film)=Helter Skelter (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Subject=Un cattivo soggetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paprika_(1933_Italian_film)=Paprika (film 1933 Italia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirates_of_Blood_River=I pirati del fiume rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lucky_Diamond=Lisetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Desire=Il signore desidera?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pied_Piper_(1972_film)=Il pifferaio di Hamelin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Seven_Hawks=La casa dei sette falchi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svengali_(1954_film)=Svengali (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Hamilton_(film)=Le calde notti di Lady Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beginners=Beginners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie,_the_Lonesome_Cougar=Giannino, il coguaro solitario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Mothers_for_Zachary=Due madri per Zachary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resident_Evil:_Damnation=Resident Evil: Damnation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pharaohs'_Woman=La donna dei faraoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra's_Daughter=Il sepolcro dei re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fury_of_Achilles=L'ira di Achille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trojan_Horse_(film)=La guerra di Troia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_of_Rome=Il colosso di Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siege_of_Syracuse_(film)=L'assedio di Siracusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Centurion_(film)=Il conquistatore di Corinto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_(1984_film)=Qualcosa di biondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Queen_for_Caesar=Una regina per Cesare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massacre_in_the_Black_Forest=Il massacro della foresta nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heath_Is_Green_(1951_film)=Grün ist die Heide (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inquiry_(2006_film)=L'inchiesta (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_and_the_Cross=Costantino il Grande (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OSS_117_Takes_a_Vacation=OSS 117 prend des vacances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Jutland=Prince of Jutland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Lord_Fauntleroy_(1980_film)=Il piccolo Lord (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lincoln_Lawyer_(film)=The Lincoln Lawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Warsaw_1920=1920 La battaglia di Varsavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_(1972_film)=Il diavolo (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pagans_(film)=Il sacco di Roma (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_the_Rain=También la lluvia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warrens_of_Virginia_(1924_film)=The Warrens of Virginia (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_in_Montevideo_(1963_film)=L'eredità della zia d'America (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_from_Folly=Flight from Folly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Submarine_(2010_film)=Submarine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_of_the_Black_Earth=Il sale della terra nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_in_Mexico=Vacanze al Messico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Space:_Aftermath=Dead Space: Aftermath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incendies=La donna che canta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janie_Jones_(film)=Janie Jones (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Cadet_(film)=I moschettieri dell'aria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_to_Father_Jacob=Postia pappi Jaakobille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Punch_(film)=Sunday Punch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday's_Hero=Saturday's Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socrates_(film)=Socrate (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Feather_in_Her_Hat=A Feather in Her Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fridericus=Fridericus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Days_of_Mussolini=Mussolini ultimo atto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_.44=Catch .44
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy,_Stupid,_Love=Crazy, Stupid, Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Massacre=Il forte del massacro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dredd=Dredd - Il giudice dell'apocalisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubertus_Castle_(1934_film)=Schloß Hubertus (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenweenie_(2012_film)=Frankenweenie (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rat_(1925_film)=The Rat (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Change-Up=Cambio vita (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Paparazzo=Teenage Paparazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartacus:_Gods_of_the_Arena=Spartacus - Gli dei dell'arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Booth_at_the_End=The Booth at the End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_(2011_film)=Cross (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goliath_and_the_Barbarians=Il terrore dei barbari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_the_Mighty=Orlando e i paladini di Francia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanderlust_(2012_film)=Nudi e felici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chant_of_Jimmie_Blacksmith_(film)=The Chant of Jimmie Blacksmith (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Glory=Children of Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolphin_Tale=L'incredibile storia di Winter il delfino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8213:_Gacy_House=8213: Gacy House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man's_Castle=Vicino alle stelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Tomorrow=After Tomorrow (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glamour_(1934_film)=Scandalo (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Kalam=I Am Kalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hibernatus=Louis de Funès e il nonno surgelato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_and_the_Witches_of_Oz=Le streghe di Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_House_in_the_Hills=La casa sulle colline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suite_Life_Movie=Zack & Cody - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_What_We_Are_(2010_film)=Siamo quello che mangiamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agneepath_(2012_film)=Agneepath (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'homme_orchestre=Beato fra le donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neds_(film)=Neds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redline_(2009_film)=Redline (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lone_Ranger_(1956_film)=Il cavaliere senza volto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hands_of_Orlac_(1960_film)=Le mani dell'altro (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Blood_(1960_film)=Il capitano del re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Lantern:_Emerald_Knights=Lanterna Verde - I cavalieri di smeraldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American:_The_Bill_Hicks_Story=American: The Bill Hicks Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Must_Be_the_Place_(film)=This Must Be the Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_to_Men=Il grande vessillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_Reverse=La parola che uccide (film 1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illegal_(2010_film)=Illégal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Brothers=Once Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_People=The Lost People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Traveller_(2009_film)=Al Mosafer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_in_Tangier=Mission à Tanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band_Baaja_Baaraat=Band Baaja Baaraat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawasaki's_Rose=Kawasakiho růže
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Better_World=In un mondo migliore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Rider:_Spirit_of_Vengeance=Ghost Rider - Spirito di vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Ali_Baba=Il figlio di Alì Babà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rare_Exports:_A_Christmas_Tale=Trasporto eccezionale - Un racconto di Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donato_and_Daughter=Un poliziotto scomodo (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crimson_Circle_(1936_film)=Il cerchio rosso (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incorrigible_Dukane=The Incorrigible Dukane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Test_of_Honor=The Test of Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rejuvenation_of_Aunt_Mary=The Rejuvenation of Aunt Mary (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_Humanity=The Heart of Humanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby's_Toilet=Baby's Toilet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Force=Killer Commando - Per un pugno di diamanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carancho=Carancho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/360_(film)=Passioni e desideri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amalfi:_Rewards_of_the_Goddess=Amalfi: megami no hōshū
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Fish=La vida de los peces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_We_Leave=Die Fremde (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tansy_(film)=Tansy (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explosion_of_a_Motor_Car=Explosion of a Motor Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inner_Circle_(1946_film)=The Inner Circle (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Crusaders_(film)=La Gerusalemme liberata (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Week_with_Marilyn=Marilyn (Simon Curtis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Double=The Devil's Double
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Babylon=Son of Babylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Resources_Manager=Il responsabile delle risorse umane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Beautiful_Thing=La prima cosa bella (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_(2010_film)=Confessions (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbarossa_(film)=Barbarossa (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Want_to_Be_Born=Sharon's Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Zizanie_(film)=La Zizanie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_Berlin_(film)=La caduta di Berlino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Stalingrad_(film)=La battaglia di Stalingrado (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Deaths=Morti oscure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternal_Love_(1929_film)=La valanga (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pretty_Sister_of_Jose_(1915_film)=The Pretty Sister of Jose (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchanted_Cottage_(1924_film)=The Enchanted Cottage (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Knight_Rises=Il cavaliere oscuro - Il ritorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Is_East_(1916_film)=East Is East (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_Beautiful_Nonsense_(1919_film)=The City of Beautiful Nonsense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Aim=Vybor celi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Certain_Thing=Quella certa cosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_This_Is_Love%3F_(film)=Dunque è questo l'amore?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undertow_(2009_film)=Contracorriente - Controcorrente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_It_with_Sables=Dillo con lo zibellino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Submarine_(1928_film)=Femmine del mare (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Melt_with_You_(film)=I Melt with You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_of_the_Alley=Lily of the Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movie_43=Comic Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul-Fire=Sinfonia tragica (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wine_(1924_film)=Champagne (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baby_on_the_Barge=The Baby on the Barge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Traveler_(2010_film)=Mister Vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Rose_(1923_film)=La rosa bianca (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_(1997_film)=Cenerentola (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_(2010_film)=Kraj (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_Snatcher=Dinamite doppia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beggar's_Deceit=The Beggar's Deceit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Valentine=L'ultimo San Valentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life,_Above_All=Life, Above All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Simon_(2010_film)=I rymden finns inga känslor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comradeship_(1919_film)=Comradeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flirting_with_Fate_(1916_film)=Io e il mio destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Refuge=Dernier refuge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Room=La petite chambre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Heist=Tower Heist - Colpo ad alto livello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruise_for_the_Unknown_One=Croisière pour l'inconnu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Virgin_Among_the_Living_Dead=I desideri erotici di Christine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Friend_Sainfoin=Mon ami Sainfoin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millionnaires_d'un_jour=Millionnaires d'un jour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bed_for_Two;_Rendezvous_with_Luck=Rendez-vous avec la chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nut_(1921_film)=Come presi moglie (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mere_Brother_Ki_Dulhan=Mere Brother Ki Dulhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Evil_My_Love=Amarti è la mia dannazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Certain_Mister=Un certain monsieur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Like_Only_You=Je n'aime que toi...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Dooni_Chaar=Do Dooni Chaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judgement_of_God=La strega del Rodano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_Maryland=The Heart of Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Knock=Knock ovvero il trionfo della medicina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bibi_Fricotin=Bibi Fricotin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Wife=Abbasso mio marito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Hill_to_the_Poorhouse=Mamma (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signora_Enrica=Diventare italiano con la signora Enrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Poison=Ho ucciso mia moglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Crime_in_Paradise=Omicidio in Paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Flight_(1933_film)=Volo di notte (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughter_in_Hell=Laughter in Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doorway_to_Hell=The Doorway to Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Means_War_(film)=Una spia non basta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Younger_Generation=La nuova generazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Donovan_Affair=L'affare Donovan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Wife_Is_Formidable=Ma femme est formidable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolves_Hunt_at_Night=La ragazza di Trieste (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garment_Jungle=La giungla della settima strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avenging_Force=I cacciatori della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Teeth=I denti lunghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Prada_to_Nada=From Prada to Nada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monamour=Monamour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Copperfield_(1911_film)=David Copperfield (film 1911)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prom_(film)=Prom - Ballo di fine anno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_of_the_Five_Moons=Via delle Cinque Lune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls'_Night=Le ragazze della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrecked_(film)=Wrecked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_of_Eden_(1928_film)=Eden Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Age_(film)=New Age - Nuove tendenze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannequin_in_Red=Mannekäng i rött
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Taxi=Monsieur Taxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_the_Boneknapper_Dragon=La leggenda del drago Rubaossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Digimon_films=Film di Digimon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuse_(film)=Benvenuto Mr. President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tango_Feroz=Tango feroz: la leggenda di Tanguito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_1_(film)=August 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Putain_respectueuse=La mondana rispettosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Compagnes_de_la_nuit=Le compagne della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Circle=Il cerchio perfetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Give_My_First_Love_to_You=Boku no hatsukoi o kimi ni sasagu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dortoir_des_grandes=Il dormitorio delle adolescenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Au_diable_la_vertu=Au diable la vertu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumping_the_Broom=Jumping the Broom - Amore e altri guai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridesmaids_(2011_film)=Le amiche della sposa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutant_Girls_Squad=Mutant Girls Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Legacy_(film)=The Bourne Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ah!_Les_belles_bacchantes=Ah! Les belles bacchantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_of_Youth=Eyes of Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolverine_(film)=Wolverine - L'immortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alaskan=Gli avventurieri dell'Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Snow_(film)=Gorjačij sneg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortuna_(film)=Fortuna (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escalier_de_service=Escalier de service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_(1925_film)=She (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_House_Rosie=Una maschietta tutto pepe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Intrigantes=Les Intrigantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sitter=Lo spaventapassere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_Murders=The River Murders - Vendetta di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrannosaur_(film)=Tirannosauro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mill_and_the_Cross=I colori della passione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Airman=The Haunted Airman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Hussards=La piccola guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Event_Horizon_(film)=Punto di non ritorno (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleach:_Hell_Verse=Gekijō-ban Bleach: Jigoku-hen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Red_Robe_(1923_film)=Under the Red Robe (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_of_'61=Class of '61
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guns,_Girls_and_Gambling=La truffa perfetta (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellraiser:_Revelations=Hellraiser: Revelations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_the_Dragons=Age of the Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Babysitter's_a_Vampire=La mia babysitter è un vampiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa,_maman,_ma_femme_et_moi=Papà, mammà, mia moglie ed io
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_of_the_Streets=La legge della strada (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_Enemy_Lines_(1997_film)=Oltre le linee nemiche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violet_&_Daisy=Violet & Daisy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win_Win_(film)=Mosse vincenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comme_un_cheveu_sur_la_soupe=Omicidio a pagamento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trollhunter=Troll Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi,_Roulotte_et_Corrida=Vacanze a Malaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witchcraft_(1964_film)=Witchcraft (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_(2010_film)=Virginia (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Super_Psycho_Sweet_16:_Part_2=My Super Psycho Sweet 16 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muppets_(film)=I Muppet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_(2010_film)=Runaway (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Bought_a_Zoo=La mia vita è uno zoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Overtaxed=I tartassati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Certains_l'aiment_froide=Il miliardo l'eredito io
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dans_l'eau_qui_fait_des_bulles=Un cadavere in fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loved_(film)=Prove d'accusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_the_Key_Softly=Appuntamento col destino (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Circus=Ballata dell'odio e dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_in_Numbers%3F=Truth in Numbers? Everything, According to Wikipedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Kids:_All_the_Time_in_the_World=Spy Kids 4 - È tempo di eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duel_of_Champions=Orazi e Curiazi (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epsilon_(film)=Epsilon (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tavern_Keeper's_Daughter=The Tavern Keeper's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Viper=The Black Viper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Winter_(1992_film)=Il lungo inverno (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleanskin_(film)=Cleanskin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Fracasse=Le Capitaine Fracasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Refuge_(film)=Il rifugio (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Tortillards=Io... mio figlio e la fidanzata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bimmer_(film)=Bumer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Postmeister=Il postiglione della steppa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Day_(2001_film)=Another Day (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liar_Game:_The_Final_Stage=Liar Game - The Final Stage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernie_(2011_film)=Bernie (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ti_presento_un_amico=Ti presento un amico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Swords_of_Dragon_Gate=Flying Swords of Dragon Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah's_Key=La chiave di Sara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_(2010_film)=Trust (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winx_Club_3D:_Magical_Adventure=Winx Club 3D - Magica avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/35_and_Ticking=35 and Ticking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Horse_(2011_film)=Dark Horse (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Time=In Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_My_Regards_to_Broad_Street_(film)=Broad Street (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Country_Teacher=The Country Teacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avatar_(1916_film)=Avatar (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Help_(film)=The Help (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Gentleman_d'Epsom=Il re delle corse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_Heroes_(film)=Age of Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_in_Luck=I fortunati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vow_(2012_film)=La memoria del cuore (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Walked_Alone=The Man Who Walked Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Christmas=Il figlio di Babbo Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buckskin_Lady=The Buckskin Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Calling=Berlin Calling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Letter_to_Elia=A Letter to Elia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tailcoat_for_Scapegrace=Frak dlja šalopaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twixt_(film)=Twixt (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whip_Hand=Il lago in pericolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Omaha_Trail=The Omaha Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Harvest=Corsari della terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldiers_Three_(film)=I tre soldati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cattle_King=Il vendicatore del Texas (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Delta_Factor_(film)=Morgan il razziatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Millionaire_for_Christy=Gli amori di Cristina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Night=Shark Night - Il lago del terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zindagi_Na_Milegi_Dobara=Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_Who_Chase_Lost_Voices=Viaggio verso Agartha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_Rich_Again=We're Rich Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pouic-Pouic=I tre affari del signor Duval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashes_of_Vengeance=Ceneri di vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Detective_2=Nightmare Detective 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sins_of_Jezebel=Il re d'Israele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Gods_of_Babylon=Le sette folgori di Assur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brennus,_Enemy_of_Rome=Brenno il nemico di Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revak_the_Rebel=Revak, lo schiavo di Cartagine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_2:_The_Mysterious_Island=Viaggio nell'isola misteriosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_a_Ledge=40 carati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Une_souris_chez_les_hommes=Due uomini in fuga... per un colpo maldestro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Bons_Vivants=Per favore, chiudete le persiane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolt_of_the_Praetorians=La rivolta dei pretoriani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Gladiator=Il magnifico gladiatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waste_Land_(film)=Waste Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_with_the_Red_Hair=La ragazza dai capelli rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzhiki!=Mužiki!..
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_Mommy_Dead=La bambola di pezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inhale_(film)=Una tragica scelta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop,_You're_Killing_Me=Quattro morti irrequieti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_of_the_Rue_Morgue=Il mostro della via Morgue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Barbaree_(film)=L'isola sulla montagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Bieber:_Never_Say_Never=Justin Bieber: Never Say Never
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Do_We_Go_Now%3F=E ora dove andiamo?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un'estate_ai_Caraibi=Un'estate ai Caraibi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Attack_2=Shark Attack 2 - Lo squalo bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/November_Christmas=Miracolo a novembre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Belle_captive=La belle captive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_White_City=Dans la ville blanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man,_Woman_and_Sin=L'uomo, la donna e il peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Age:_Continental_Drift=L'era glaciale 4 - Continenti alla deriva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangos,_the_Exile_of_Gardel=Tangos - L'esilio di Gardel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulligans_(film)=Mulligans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Blunder=Un commissario al di sotto di ogni sospetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo_and_the_Alien_Invaders=Scooby-Doo e gli invasori alieni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detective_School_Dropouts=Asilo di polizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Albanian=L'albanese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Hawthorn_Tree_(film)=Under the Hawthorn Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_House_(2012_film)=Safe House - Nessuno è al sicuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Season_in_Hakkari=Hakkari'de Bir Mevsim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheer_Madness=Lucida follia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermen_Against_the_Orient=Crash! Che botte... Strippo strappo stroppio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straw_Dogs_(2011_film)=Straw Dogs (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Cupid=Cupido a Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raven_(2012_film)=The Raven (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_North_(1988_film)=Far North, estremo Nord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_stille_Ozean=L'oceano silenzioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Via_degli_specchi=Via degli specchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalingrad:_Dogs,_Do_You_Want_to_Live_Forever%3F=Stalingrado (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borrowed_Hearts=Forse un angelo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Died_with_a_Felafel_in_His_Hand_(film)=E morì con un felafel in mano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duel_in_the_Jungle=Duello nella giungla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ill_Manors=Ill Manors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trumpets'_Republic=La Repubblica delle Trombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Restaurant=Chi ha rubato il presidente?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_18_(film)=Apollo 18 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(2011_film)=Cime tempestose (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desi_Boyz=Desi Boyz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nutcracker_in_3D=Lo schiaccianoci in 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Be_Wild_(2011_film)=Born to Be Wild 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teri_Meherbaniyan=Teri Meherbaniyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_(2011_film)=The Day (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_seconda_ombra=La seconda ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_of_Texas_(film)=Eyes of Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Speaking_(film)=La parola a Fran Lebowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Hills=Colline nude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_in_the_Dark_(1934_film)=Woman in the Dark (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Mountain_(film)=Dark Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Virgins=Revenge of the Virgins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeslip_(1955_film)=Sette secondi più tardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whore_(2010_film)=La cortigiana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop_Squad=Drop Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/47_Ronin_(2013_film)=47 Ronin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noodle_(film)=Noodle (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Reine_Soleil=La regina del Sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Borrowed_(film)=Something Borrowed - L'amore non ha regole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timber_Toppers=Timber Toppers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_Fishing=Sword Fishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lazarus_Syndrome=La sindrome di Lazzaro (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodora,_Slave_Empress=Teodora (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Picture_in_the_Papers=L'eroico salvataggio del diretto di Atlantic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Barbarians=La vendetta dei barbari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_About_Nostradamus=More about Nostradamus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombie_Lake=Le lac des morts vivants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengasi_(film)=Bengasi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Countess_of_Castiglione=La contessa Castiglione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sicilian_Uprising=Vespro siciliano (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paul_Street_Boys_(film)=I ragazzi di via Pal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Rain_(1937_film)=Pioggia d'estate (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Tell_(1949_film)=Guglielmo Tell (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empty_Eyes_(1953_film)=Il sole negli occhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestire_gli_ignudi=Vestire gli ignudi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puccini_(film)=Puccini (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Virgin=Vergine moderna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_prezzo_della_gloria=Il prezzo della gloria (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_avventure_di_Giacomo_Casanova=Le avventure di Giacomo Casanova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriana_Lecouvreur_(film)=Adriana Lecouvreur (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parola_di_ladro=Parola di ladro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Difendo_il_mio_amore=Difendo il mio amore (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_in_a_Taxi=Ballerina e Buon Dio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labbra_rosse=Labbra rosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_carro_armato_dell'8_settembre=Il carro armato dell'8 settembre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_monaca_di_Monza_(1962_film)=La monaca di Monza (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don_Giovanni_della_Costa_Azzurra=I Don Giovanni della Costa Azzurra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sentimental_Attempt=Un tentativo sentimentale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desideri_d'estate=Desideri d'estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_in_Love_(film)=L'arcidiavolo (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_a_Widow=Meglio vedova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roma_come_Chicago=Roma come Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'amica=L'amica (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_prova_d'amore=La prova d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Processo_per_direttissima=Processo per direttissima (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidnap_(1974_film)=Fatevi vivi, la polizia non interverrà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_the_Sting=Gli amici di Nick Hezard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lezioni_di_violoncello_con_toccata_e_fuga=Lezioni di violoncello con toccata e fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suggestionata=Suggestionata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sette_note_in_nero=Sette note in nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porci_con_la_P_38=Porci con la P.38
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gli_anni_struggenti=Gli anni struggenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vatican_Conspiracy=Morte in Vaticano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grog_(film)=Grog (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madea's_Big_Happy_Family_(film)=Madea's Big Happy Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topaze_(1951_film)=Topaze (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Careless_(film)=Senilità (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rose_for_Everyone=Una rosa per tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_Quartet=Le fate (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Telephone_Operator=Certo, certissimo, anzi... probabile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butterfly_Affair=Fuori il malloppo (Popsy Pop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Scoumoune=Il clan dei marsigliesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fine_Pair=Ruba al prossimo tuo...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_guappi=I guappi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Russian_Summer=Il giorno del furore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immortal_Bachelor=A mezzanotte va la ronda del piacere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_comune_senso_del_pudore=Il comune senso del pudore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'arma=L'arma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Si_salvi_chi_vuole=Si salvi chi vuole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_prefetto_di_ferro=Il prefetto di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claretta=Claretta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blu_elettrico=Blu elettrico (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_donna_delle_meraviglie=La donna delle meraviglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atto_di_dolore=Atto di dolore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_chiamarono..._briganti!=Li chiamarono... briganti!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luchino_Visconti_(film)=Luchino Visconti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_String=Le Fil (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...e_vennero_in_quattro_per_uccidere_Sartana!=...e vennero in quattro per uccidere Sartana!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa_segreta=Africa segreta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wrong_Way_to_Love=Amarsi male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Slaves=Amore extraterrestre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rent-a-Kid=Bambini a noleggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.P.Q.R.:_2,000_and_a_Half_Years_Ago=S.P.Q.R. - 2000 e ½ anni fa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Plan_(1997_film)=Family Plan - Un'estate sottosopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_of_Fame=Al diavolo la celebrità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lego:_The_Adventures_of_Clutch_Powers=LEGO - Le avventure di Clutch Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grassroots_(film)=Grassroots (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodora_(1921_film)=Teodora (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Bride=Jungle Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beloved_Vagabond_(1923_film)=The Beloved Vagabond (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Car_of_Dreams=Car of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auschwitz_(film)=Auschwitz (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curse_of_the_Undead=L'uomo senza corpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unfaithfuls=Le infedeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proibito=Proibito (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warpath_(film)=Sentiero di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_City_(1951_film)=Le rocce d'argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Texan=La storia del generale Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boss_(1956_film)=Sfida alla città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armored_Command=Area B2: attacco!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Sindbad=Capitan Sinbad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_the_Cat=Il terrore negli occhi del gatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_and_the_Terror=Un eroe per il terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Family_Thanksgiving=Vite parallele (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guns_of_Fort_Petticoat=Il forte delle amazzoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Infidelity=Alta infedeltà (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caprice_Italian_Style=Capriccio all'italiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh,_Grandmother's_Dead=Toh, è morta la nonna!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Were_King_(1920_film)=Un vagabondo alla corte di Francia (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Pacific_(1926_film)=Attraverso il Pacifico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Io_sono_Tony_Scott=Io sono Tony Scott, ovvero come l'Italia fece fuori il più grande clarinettista del jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pony_Express_(1925_film)=Il Pony Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Horse_Mesa_(1925_film)=Cavalli indomiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Den_hemmelighetsfulle_leiligheten=Den hemmelighetsfulle leiligheten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skin_I_Live_In=La pelle che abito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_(1925_film)=Lady, una vera signora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Sinners=Vita nuova (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pagan=L'isola del sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Within_the_Law_(1923_film)=L'onestà vittoriosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Petit_Prince_a_dit=Le petit prince a dit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underworld:_Awakening=Underworld - Il risveglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Time_(1952_film)=The First Time (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marry_Me_Again=Il bisbetico domato (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_One_for_Me=Dinne una per me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Shall_Have_Music=Armonie di gioventù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Back_Down_2:_The_Beatdown=Never Back Down - Combattimento letale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Line:_The_Exodus_of_Charlie_Wright=Across the Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Bather=Si salvi chi può (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funuke_Show_Some_Love,_You_Losers!=Funuke domo, kanashimi no ai wo misero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_Beneath_the_Sea=Prigionieri del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keeper_of_the_Bees_(1935_film)=The Keeper of the Bees (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Hill:_Revelation=Silent Hill: Revelation 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Tornado_(film)=Blue Tornado (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Bandoleros_(film)=Los Bandoleros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_and_Poison=Il mare e il veleno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildflower_(1914_film)=Wildflower (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Despicable_Me_2=Cattivissimo me 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Boy_(film)=Dream Boy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Nobbs=Albert Nobbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Lynne_(1931_film)=Ripudiata (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_the_Block=Attack the Block - Invasione aliena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detention_(2011_film)=Detention - Terrore al liceo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolene_(film)=Jolene (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorful_(film)=Colorful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogues'_Regiment=La legione dei condannati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_in_a_Summer=Geuhae yeoreum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senna_(film)=Senna (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Was_a_Father=C'era un padre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Impossible_(2012_film)=The Impossible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Popper's_Penguins_(film)=I pinguini di Mr. Popper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Must_Go_(film)=Everything Must Go (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grayeagle=Aquila grigia il grande capo dei Cheyenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higglety_Pigglety_Pop!_or_There_Must_Be_More_to_Life=Higglety Pigglety Pop! or There Must Be More to Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampart_(film)=Rampart (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Cage_2=Sai hak chin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cradle_Snatchers=Amanti per burla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ledge_(film)=Punto d'impatto (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enchantment_(1921_film)=Enchantment (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Begins_at_Eight-Thirty=Life Begins at Eight-Thirty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triassic_Attack=Triassic Attack - Il ritorno dei dinosauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asterix_and_Obelix:_God_Save_Britannia=Asterix & Obelix al servizio di Sua Maestà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_According_to_Monsanto=Il mondo secondo Monsanto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonka_(film)=L'ultima battaglia del generale Custer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Little_Girl=Un angolo di paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Edgar=J. Edgar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Number_Can_Win_(film)=Colpo grosso al casinò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Search_for_Santa_Paws=Zampa e la magia del Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beware_of_Pity=Felicità proibita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenogenesis_(film)=Xenogenesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chan_at_the_Olympics=Charlie Chan alle Olimpiadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Undercover=Una spia al liceo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Python_vs._Gatoroid=Mega Python vs. Gatoroid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chan_on_Broadway=Mezzanotte a Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome=Primo amore (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escapade_(1935_film)=La modella mascherata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preservation_of_the_Sign_Language=Preservation of the Sign Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullmetal_Alchemist:_The_Sacred_Star_of_Milos=Fullmetal Alchemist - La sacra stella di Milos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Over_New_York=Charlie Chan delitto a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/33_Scenes_from_Life=33 sceny z życia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_(1977_film)=L'animale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_Over_Chinatown=Charlie Chan a Chinatown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath_the_Darkness=Beneath the Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_and_Hearts=Swords and Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Arcadian_Maid=An Arcadian Maid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poodle_Springs_(film)=Marlowe - Omicidio a Poodle Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_and_Her_Trust=The Girl and Her Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detachment_(film)=Detachment - Il distacco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perks_of_Being_a_Wallflower_(film)=Noi siamo infinito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_(2009_film)=Gigante (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyful_Noise_(film)=Joyful Noise - Armonie del cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemmy_(film)=Lemmy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace,_Love_&_Misunderstanding=Peace, Love & Misunderstanding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3D_Sex_and_Zen:_Extreme_Ecstasy=Sex and Zen 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyone_Else=Alle Anderen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drive_(2011_film)=Drive (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Roses_(film)=La guerra dei Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brotherhood_(2010_film)=Brotherhood (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_and_Damned_(film)=The Beautiful and Damned (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipstikka=Lipstikka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Not_Us,_Who%3F=Wer wenn nicht wir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yelling_to_the_Sky=Yelling to the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_(film)=The Future (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Earth=Another Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_in_the_Desert=Charlie Chan e il castello nel deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pina_(film)=Pina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Name_of_the_King_2:_Two_Worlds=In the Name of the King 2: Two Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_FM=Sim-ya-ui FM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Wimpy_Kid:_Rodrick_Rules_(film)=Diario di una schiappa 2 - La legge dei più grandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flirt_(1983_film)=Flirt (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tight_Quarters=Könnyü testi sértés
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson_Isla_10=Dawson Isla 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabangg_2=Dabangg 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaw_(1999_film)=Ormai è fatta!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Jam_Twenty=Pearl Jam Twenty (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elysium_(film)=Elysium (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_James'_Women=Le amanti di Jesse il bandito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_We_Live_(1942_film)=Tomorrow We Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handphone_(film)=Handphone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunbeam_(1912_film)=The Sunbeam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oath_and_the_Man=The Oath and the Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Love_(2010_film)=Bimir-ae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramathma_(film)=Paramathma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hahaha_(film)=Hahaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lips=Los labios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Million=10eok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_Vanished=Pokpungjeon-ya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Page_One:_Inside_the_New_York_Times=Page One. Un anno dentro il New York Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_Case_of_Angelica=Lo strano caso di Angelica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza_Connection_(film)=Pizza Connection (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Descendant_of_the_Snow_Leopard=The Descendant of the Snow Leopard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyeborgs=Eyeborgs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antique_(film)=Seo-yang goldong yanggwajajeom antique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adieu_l'ami=Due sporche carogne - Tecnica di una rapina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dies_at_the_End_(film)=John Dies at the End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_a_French_Garden=Pericolo nella dimora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stico=Stico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowers_of_Reverie=Szirmok, virágok, koszorúk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_White=Elephant White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_Against_the_House=5 contro il casinò
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Burning_Hot_Summer=Un été brûlant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villain_(2010_film)=Akunin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.W.A.T.:_Firefight=S.W.A.T. - Squadra speciale anticrimine 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kid_with_a_Bike=Il ragazzo con la bicicletta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_White_Night=Byakuyakō (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrath_of_the_Titans=La furia dei titani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_a_Wish_(1937_film)=Buona notte amore!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student_of_the_Year=Student of the Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_(1985_film)=L'aube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camorra_(1986_film)=Un complicato intrigo di donne, vicoli e delitti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalie_(film)=Rosalie (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_and_The_Brave=I giovani eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smile_of_the_Lamb=Hiuch HaGdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journey_of_a_Young_Composer=Achalgasrda kompositoris mogsauroba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Kiss=A Parigi con amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Beautiful_Day_(film)=Che bella giornata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Greater_Glory=I ragazzi della via Paal (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Lovers_(1928_film)=Vigilia d'amore (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonza_the_Spearman=Yari no Gonza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Stranger_(film)=Kuan meun ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Texas_Rangers_(1936_film)=I cavalieri del Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellflower_(film)=Bellflower (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving:_A_Family_in_Crisis=Patto di amore e di morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tall_Man_(2012_film)=I bambini di Cold Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Sister_Street_Fighter=Kaette kita onna hissatsu ken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qualunquemente=Qualunquemente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mako:_The_Jaws_of_Death=Mako - Lo squalo della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hattie_(film)=Hattie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Rosenkavalier_(1926_film)=Il cavaliere della rosa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Grand_Despair=Our Grand Despair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forgiveness_of_Blood=La faida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Separation=Una separazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Lady_(film)=The Iron Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children_of_the_Marshland=I ragazzi del Marais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror_in_a_Texas_Town=Il terrore del Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dictator_(2012_film)=Il dittatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_A_Grandmother's_Recollections=Doraemon: Obā-chan no omoide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crayon_Shin-chan:_Super-Dimension!_The_Storm_Called_My_Bride=Crayon Shin-chan - Chō jikū! Arashi o yobu Ola no hanayome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mysterious_World=Un mundo misterioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prize_(2011_film)=El premio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2012:_Supernova=2012: Supernova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pathfinder_(1996_film)=Lo spirito del grande lago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Bang_(2011_film)=The Big Bang (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kettles_in_the_Ozarks=The Kettles in the Ozarks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kettles_on_Old_MacDonald's_Farm=The Kettles on Old MacDonald's Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Feast_at_Midnight=Festa di mezzanotte - L'invito è a sorpresa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/200_mph=200 MPH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orator=Arringatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Squeaker_(1931_film)=Der Zinker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strike_Commando=Strike Commando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iceman_(film)=The Iceman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boys_from_Fengkuei=I ragazzi di Feng Kuei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreaming_Lips_(1937_film)=Labbra sognanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Summer_at_Grandpa's=In vacanza dal nonno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_(1968_film)=Hula Hula, la femmina della giungla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turn_of_the_Screw_(2009_film)=The Turn of the Screw (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gang's_All_Here_(1939_film)=I gioielli della corona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabbar_Singh_(film)=Gabbar Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faust_(2011_film)=Faust (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gor_(film)=Gor (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnet_of_Doom=Lo sciacallo (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yellow_Sea_(film)=The Yellow Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_in_Rome=Room in Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Places_(1973_film)=La scala della follia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Jordan=Il disertore (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Kids=Power Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lesson_in_Love_(1931_film)=A Lesson in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lucky_Lady=La principessa bionda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Never_Know_Women=Maschere russe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brass_(film)=Brass (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Brothers_Were_Valiant_(1923_film)=All the Brothers Were Valiant (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddies_(film)=Daddies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Mothers=Dancing Mothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sicilian_Girl=La siciliana ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voices_from_Beyond=Voci dal profondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Me_Again_(1925_film)=Baciami ancora (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranormal_Activity_3=Paranormal Activity 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Trick_of_Light=I fratelli Skladanowsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swann_in_Love_(film)=Un amore di Swann (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doctor's_Horrible_Experiment=Il testamento del mostro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_(2011_film)=Wu xia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_to_Declare_(film)=Niente da dichiarare?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Belongs_to_Us=La vita è nostra (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Blood:_A_Cautionary_Tale=Bad Blood: A Cautionary Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dui_Prithibi_(2010_film)=Dui Prithibi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cold_Light_of_Day_(2012_film)=La fredda luce del giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Shot=Der zweite Schuß (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alps_(film)=Alps (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shank_(2009_film)=Shank (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touki_Bouki=Touki Bouki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Angel_Named_Billy=An Angel Named Billy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Boom_Bang=Bang Boom Bang - Ein todsicheres Ding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleak_Moments=Bleak Moments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_Anatolia=C'era una volta in Anatolia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Knox:_Murder_on_Trial_in_Italy=Amanda Knox (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Happy_Day=Another Happy Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_(film)=Natalie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Who_Have_Made_Love_to_Me=Men Who Have Made Love to Me (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sign_of_Four_(1983_film)=Il segno dei quattro (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pancho_Villa_(film)=I tre del mazzo selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hound_of_the_Baskervilles_(1983_film)=Il mastino di Baskerville (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Flame=The Magic Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_Sickness_(film)=Schlafkrankheit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animals_United=Animals United
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aces_'N'_Eights=Giustizia a Oak Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalet_Girl=Chalet Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies'_Man_(1931_film)=Ladies' Man (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Law_(1997_film)=Against the Law (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huckleberry_Finn_(1931_film)=Huckleberry Finn (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurse_Edith_Cavell=La storia di Edith Cavell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sin_of_Nora_Moran=Il segreto di Nora Moran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawless_(film)=Lawless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Day_for_It=Good Day for It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginaerum_(film)=Imaginaerum (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retreat_(film)=Retreat - Nessuna via di fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Drums=La rivolta degli Apaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Breaker_(1922_film)=The Ghost Breaker (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rent_Free=Rent Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Flower=The White Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_(1922_film)=Clarence (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conrad_Boys=The Conrad Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_the_Iron_Fists=L'uomo con i pugni di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stealing_Sinatra=Ho rapito Sinatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_and_His_Kind_(film)=Christopher and His Kind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dictator_(1922_film)=The Dictator (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brotherhood_VI=The Brotherhood VI: Initiation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brotherhood_V=The Brotherhood V: Alumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susannah_of_the_Mounties_(film)=Susanna e le giubbe rosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rain_Children=I figli della pioggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sonja_(film)=Yado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Park=Tōkyō Kōen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bol_Bachchan=Bol Bachchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Territory=Decameron Pie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_Bio-Broly=Dragon Ball Z - L'irriducibile bio-combattente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dig!=Dig!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aelita=Aėlita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuyasha_the_Movie:_Fire_on_the_Mystic_Island=Inuyasha the Movie - L'isola del fuoco scarlatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masti_(2004_film)=Masti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Hedge_(film)=La gang del bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamera_the_Brave=Chiisaki yūsha-tachi ~Gamera~
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wish_(film)=Kiseki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taps_(film)=Taps - Squilli di rivolta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Lepus=La notte della lunga paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventeen_Moments_of_Spring=Diciassette momenti di primavera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_the_Rain_(1994_film)=Prima della pioggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Shastra=Ram Shastra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_of_Chucky=La sposa di Chucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crime_of_Monsieur_Lange=Il delitto del signor Lange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seed_of_Chucky=Il figlio di Chucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shout_(film)=Shout (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Possible_Movie:_So_the_Drama=Kim Possible - La sfida finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Terra_Trema=La terra trema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Bread=Pa negre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ring_Two=The Ring 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flavor_of_Green_Tea_over_Rice=Il sapore del riso al tè verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naruto_the_Movie:_Ninja_Clash_in_the_Land_of_Snow=Naruto - The Movie: La primavera nel Paese della Neve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_Plenty=La terra dell'abbondanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thief_and_the_Cobbler=The Thief and the Cobbler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exorcist_III=L'esorcista III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rider_on_the_Rain=L'uomo venuto dalla pioggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler:_The_Rise_of_Evil=Il giovane Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toy_Soldiers_(1991_film)=Scuola di eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diva_(1981_film)=Diva (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boccaccio_'70=Boccaccio '70
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumpin'_Jack_Flash_(film)=Jumpin' Jack Flash (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrecker_(1929_film)=The Wrecker (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Treasure=Il sogno della città fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moran_of_the_Lady_Letty=Il mozzo dell'Albatros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnage_(2011_film)=Carnage (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaughter's_Big_Rip-Off=Un duro al servizio della polizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singed=Singed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valley_of_the_Giants_(1919_film)=The Valley of the Giants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_in_the_Sun=Vengo a prenderti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_a_Bed_of_Roses=La vita è un romanzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackintosh_and_T.J.=Mackintosh and T.J.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lesser_Evil_(1998_film)=Scegli il male minore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marx_Reloaded=Marx Reloaded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_of_the_Hunted=L'urlo dell'inseguito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Lincoln:_Vampire_Hunter=La leggenda del cacciatore di vampiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_toro=Il toro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Port_of_Missing_Girls=The Port of Missing Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_in_Ermine=Il manto di ermellino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Gatsby_(2013_film)=Il grande Gatsby (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Soldier:_Day_of_Reckoning=Universal Soldier - Il giorno del giudizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_of_Pi_(film)=Vita di Pi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underbelly_Files:_Infiltration=Underbelly Files - L'infiltrato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangway_(film)=La ballerina dei gangsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_What_I_Am=That's What I Am
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Crazy=Like Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortress_of_War=Brestskaja krepost'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Went_to_the_Races=La giocatrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Byrd_at_the_South_Pole=With Byrd at the South Pole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Work_(film)=Il benemerito spiantato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Man_(film)=Il capo famiglia (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Paris_(1917_film)=Il re di Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation_(1946_film)=Tentazione (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Monkey_Business=No Monkey Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drag_(film)=Il principe amante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtain_Call_at_Cactus_Creek=Colpo di scena a Cactus Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_X_(2012_film)=Project X - Una festa che spacca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Crossbones=I filibustieri delle Antille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disappearance_of_Nora=La scomparsa di Nora - Identità scomparsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bat_People=Il morso del pipistrello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_Car=Signorina 10.000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_bacio_di_Cirano=Il bacio di Cirano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_vs_Ricky_Bahl=Ladies vs Ricky Bahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Truth_(1914_film)=La donna nuda (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmon_Fishing_in_the_Yemen=Il pescatore di sogni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flower_of_Evil_(film)=Fior di male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_March_(1915_film)=La marcia nuziale (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_falena_(film)=La falena (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malombra_(1917_film)=Malombra (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_storia_di_un_peccato=La storia di un peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Doll_Wife=Maman Poupée
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megamind:_The_Button_of_Doom=Megamind - Il bottone col botto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_Witness=The Star Witness (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calcutta_(1947_film)=Calcutta (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Milkman=Il lattaio bussa una volta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_with_the_Motley=Amleto e il suo clown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papacito_lindo=Seduzione (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moro_Affair=Il caso Moro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_noche_del_pecado=La noche del pecado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_basta_ser_madre=No basta ser madre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_abuelita=La abuelita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_of_Love_(film)=God of Love (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assigned_to_Danger=Assigned to Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_Street=Labbra avvelenate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_a_Crooked_Mile=La grande minaccia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Street=Brooklyn chiama polizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunset_Limited_(film)=Sunset Limited (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masks_(1987_film)=Volto segreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_(1987_film)=Il miracolo (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_for_My_Lovers=Diario per i miei amori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/POM_Wonderful_Presents:_The_Greatest_Movie_Ever_Sold=Come ti vendo un film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battles_of_Chief_Pontiac=Lo sparviero di Fort Niagara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirates!_In_an_Adventure_with_Scientists!=Pirati! Briganti da strapazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_the_Giant_Slayer=Il cacciatore di giganti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_to_Be_a_Soldier=I Want to Be a Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_Empedocles_(film)=La morte di Empedocle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Them_Softly=Cogan - Killing Them Softly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Year=Un anno da leoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Ends_Our_Night=Così finisce la nostra notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Favourite_Husband=Quel bandito sono io
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnaby_Rudge_(film)=Barnaby Rudge (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Martin_Eden=Martin Eden (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Ye_One_Another's_Burden=Einer trage des anderen Last
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Without_Passion=Delitto senza passione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workingman's_Death=Workingman's Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appointment_in_Honduras=I ribelli dell'Honduras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Heart=Tre donne per uno scapolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu_Master_(film)=Kung-Fu Master (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Got_Me_Covered=Ho salvato l'America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Loves_Mary=La sposa rubata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_for_the_Silver_Lining_(film)=La vita a passo di danza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_Approach=Il "dritto" di Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quarantine_2:_Terminal=Quarantena 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavedweller_(film)=Cavedweller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Person=La Belle Personne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_of_Terror:_The_Achille_Lauro_Affair=L'Achille Lauro - Viaggio nel terrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_(1987_film)=Il giorno prima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Betrothed_(miniseries)=I promessi sposi (miniserie televisiva 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mother_of_Kings=Matka Królów
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_State_I_Am_In_(film)=Die innere Sicherheit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullhead_(film)=Bullhead - La vincente ascesa di Jacky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Have_a_Pope_(film)=Habemus Papam (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Belle=La fine dell'innocenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_County_Chairman_(1935_film)=The County Chairman (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Box_BRD=Black Box BRD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/22_Bullets=L'immortale (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_to_the_Head=Jimmy Bobo - Bullet to the Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flypaper_(2011_film)=Le regole della truffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maigret_Sets_a_Trap_(film)=Il commissario Maigret (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malevil_(film)=Malevil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gang_of_Four_(film)=Una recita a quattro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonders_of_Aladdin=Le meraviglie di Aladino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Funny_Feeling=Quello strano sentimento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rising_Generation=The Rising Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bankomatt=Bankomatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shame_(2011_film)=Shame (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Physician_(1928_film)=Il grande veleno (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontamara_(film)=Fontamara (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyalties_(1933_film)=Loyalties (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Love..._from_the_Age_of_Reason=Carissima me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love,_You_Love=Ja milujem, ty miluješ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Female=Eternamente femmina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Intruder=L'ora del delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontius_Pilate_(film)=Ponzio Pilato (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koizora_(film)=Koizora (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_of_the_Sun_(film)=La valle degli uomini rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazard_(1948_film)=Azzardo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Greatest_Sex=Lo sciopero delle mogli (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pillars_of_the_Sky=I pilastri del cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Purpose=L'intrigo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Mombasa=Oltre Mombasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Night_(film)=La noche oscura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pestalozzi's_Mountain=Pestalozzis Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kongo_(1932_film)=Kongo (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Servant_(1989_film)=Il servo (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_Notice:_The_Fall_of_Sam_Axe=Burn Notice - La caduta di Sam Axe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chu_Chin_Chow_(1934_film)=Chu Chin Chow (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunger_Games_(film)=Hunger Games (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Shadow_(film)=L'ombra bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_(1921_film)=Carnival (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TT3D:_Closer_to_the_Edge=TT3D: Closer to the Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_to_Nowhere=Race to Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Madonna=La madonnina d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Clay_(1928_film)=God's Clay (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clinic_(2010_film)=The Clinic - La clinica dei misteri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_(film)=Ted (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspirator_(1949_film)=Alto tradimento (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Asthenic_Syndrome=Sindrome astenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_Image_(film)=Punto debole (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Dimension:_Innocent_Assassin=Cool Dimension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_by_the_Tail=Tiger by the Tail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagliacci_(1936_film)=Pagliacci (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machan_(2008_film)=Machan - La vera storia di una falsa squadra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scorpion_King_3:_Battle_for_Redemption=Il Re Scorpione 3 - La battaglia finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindsight_(2011_film)=Pureun sogeum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiet_Chaos_(film)=Caos calmo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guard_(1990_film)=Karaul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockout_(film)=Lockout (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Younger_Brothers=I fratelli di Jess il bandito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighting_Man_of_the_Plains=L'inafferrabile (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cariboo_Trail=Il ponte dei senza paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raton_Pass_(film)=Il passo dell'avvoltoio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salty_O'Rourke=La corsa della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Private's_Affair=La moglie sconosciuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud_Atlas_(film)=Cloud Atlas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitting_a_New_High=Una donna in gabbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangkok_Knockout=Bangkok Knockout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kick_(film)=The Kick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_(1990_film)=Il segreto (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_Dogs_of_the_Air=I diavoli in paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_seme_dell'uomo=Il seme dell'uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Village_Squire=The Village Squire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loose_Cannons_(2010_film)=Mine vaganti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_for_Henrietta=Henriette (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Gold_(2011_Nigerian_film)=Black Gold: Struggle for the Niger Delta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spider's_Web_(1960_film)=La tela del ragno (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangled_(2001_film)=Giovani assassini nati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alias_John_Preston=Alias John Preston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unjust=The Unjust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Eyes=Gli occhi del dragone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conviction=La condanna (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolen_(2012_film)=Stolen (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1911_(film)=1911 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Moody_and_the_Not_Bummer_Summer=Judy Moody and the Not Bummer Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Kitchen=In cucina niente regole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_&_Kate:_The_Movie=William & Kate - Una favola moderna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie:_A_Fairy_Secret=Barbie - Il segreto delle fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicky_the_Viking_(film)=Vicky il vichingo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Women_on_the_6th_Floor=Le donne del 6º piano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanna's_Father=Il papà di Giovanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixie_Hollow_Games=Disney Fairies: I giochi della Radura Incantata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_Two_Faces_(1934_film)=The Man with Two Faces (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassination_Games=Assassination Games - Giochi di morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrong_Turn_4:_Bloody_Beginnings=Wrong Turn 4 - La montagna dei folli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_the_News_(film)=Vogliamo la celebrità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Gangster=Le Petit Criminel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satan_(1991_film)=Satana (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copper_Canyon_(film)=Le frontiere dell'odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_(film)=Ultrà (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Fracassa's_Journey=Il viaggio di Capitan Fracassa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Evelyn_Came_Out_of_the_Grave=La notte che Evelyn uscì dalla tomba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_to_Glory=Indietro non si torna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Queen_Kills_Seven_Times=La dama rossa uccide sette volte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_of_Ages_(2012_film)=Rock of Ages (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Know_How_She_Does_It=Ma come fa a far tutto?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singham=Singham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Shadows=Beltenebros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Severed_Head_(film)=A Severed Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannequin_(1926_film)=Mannequin (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_College_Widow_(1927_film)=La vedova del collegio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_Steel_(film)=L'uomo d'acciaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_of_Eagles=La valle delle aquile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Untertan_(film)=Der Untertan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divided_Heaven_(film)=Der geteilte Himmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinker_Tailor_Soldier_Spy_(film)=La talpa (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bandit_of_Zhobe=Kasim, furia dell'India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_of_Evil=Vallanzasca - Gli angeli del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bandits_of_Corsica=Il ritorno dei vendicatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Home_(film)=Sweet Home (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Music_Never_Stopped=La musica che non ti ho detto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Street_(1923_film)=Main Street (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alois_Nebel=Alois Nebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobbed_Hair_(1925_film)=Bobbed Hair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vanishing_American=Stirpe eroica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_of_Purity=El castillo de la pureza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_3:_The_War_of_the_Two_Worlds=Arthur e la guerra dei due mondi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Knighthood_Was_in_Flower_(1922_film)=Armi ed amori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Names_of_Love=Le Nom des gens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covert_Action_(film)=Sono stato un agente C.I.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chef's_Special=Fuori menù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macabre_(1980_film)=Macabro (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ditch=I dannati di Jiabiangou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cinderella_Story:_Once_Upon_a_Song=A Cinderella Story: Once Upon a Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Simple_Life=A Simple Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Home_(1971_film)=Allucinante notte per un delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Mr._Destiny=Kim Jong-wook chatgi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Theatre_Bizarre=The Theatre Bizarre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elles_(film)=Elles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whipsaw_(film)=Le quattro perle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Son_of_No_One=The Son of No One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry's_Crime=Henry's Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Harold_&_Kumar_3D_Christmas=Harold & Kumar - Un Natale da ricordare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granddad_(1913_film)=Granddad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naruto_the_Movie:_Blood_Prison=Naruto - Il film: La prigione insanguinata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mole_Men_Against_the_Son_of_Hercules=Maciste l'uomo più forte del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Chinese_Ghost_Story_(2011_film)=A Chinese Ghost Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathstalker_IV:_Match_of_Titans=Deathstalker IV: Match of Titans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomington_(film)=Bloomington (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight's_Children_(film)=I figli della mezzanotte (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Double_(2011_film)=The Double (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Odyssey=Sette uomini d'oro nello spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pay-Off=The Pay-Off (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Days_in_Utopia=Seven Days in Utopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonrise_Kingdom=Moonrise Kingdom - Una fuga d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debtocracy=Debtocracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flood!=Inondazione (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Basketball_Fix=The Basketball Fix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disturbed_(film)=Pazzi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scalps=Scalps (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthly_Possessions_(film)=Destino fatale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_of_the_Devil=La voce del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_House_(2010_film)=La casa muta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Tolerance=L'Apollonide - Souvenirs de la maison close
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footnote_(film)=Hearat Shulayim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacrifice_(2011_film)=Sacrifice (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stake_Land=Stake Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blockade_(1938_film)=Marco il ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Country_2:_The_Gift=Pure Country: Il dono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pater_(film)=Pater (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanezu=Hanezu no tsuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_White_Way_(1924_film)=Il boxeur e la ballerina (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polisse=Polisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freelancers_(film)=Freelancers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Source_(2011_film)=La sorgente dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hara-Kiri:_Death_of_a_Samurai=Ichimei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_(2011_Austrian_film)=Michael (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Smokey_Roadblock=L'ultima frontiera (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lucky_One_(film)=Ho cercato il tuo nome (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_P_(film)=Generation P
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titeuf_(film)=Titeuf - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stopped_on_Track=Halt auf freier Strecke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Marcy_May_Marlene=La fuga di Martha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_and_the_Migoo=Mià e il Migù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darling_Companion=Darling Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erotic_Nights_of_the_Living_Dead=Le notti erotiche dei morti viventi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiders_3D=Spiders 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Lightning_(1953_film)=White Lightning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_a_Mason%3F_(1915_film)=Are You a Mason? (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticks_(film)=Ticks - Larve di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contraband_(2012_film)=Contraband (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_3D=Hidden 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Klondike=The New Klondike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Nights_with_Anna=Quattro notti con Anna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit:_una_storia_personale=Exit: una storia personale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gantz_(film)=Gantz - L'inizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shackles_(film)=Shackles - Benvenuti alla scuola dei duri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_List=Kill List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Dies_but_Me=Vse umrut, a ya ostanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_(1944_film)=Nana (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_(1955_film)=Nanà (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltz_Time_(1933_film)=Waltz Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undefeated_(2011_film)=Undefeated (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dirty_Picture=The Dirty Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Claus_(1898_film)=Santa Claus (film 1898)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Count_of_Monte_Cristo_(1954_film)=Il conte di Montecristo (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goubbiah,_mon_amour=Fuga nel sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hip_Hip_Hurrah!_(film)=Hip hip hurra!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Host=The Perfect Host
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X-Rays=The X-Ray Fiend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Swallow=The Big Swallow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Match_Seller=The Little Match Seller (film 1902)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_New_Errand_Boy=Our New Errand Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_White=Prigionieri del ghiaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsujin_28:_The_Movie=Tetsujin 28
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_Nights=The Night of Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betelnut_Beauty_(film)=Betelnut Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Reunion=American Pie: Ancora insieme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_(film)=Lo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blubberella=Blubberella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talaash:_The_Answer_Lies_Within=Talaash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_on_a_Bridle_Path=Murder on a Bridle Path
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Django_Unchained=Django Unchained
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satan's_Baby_Doll=La bimba di Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Partners=Il ponte dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_(film)=Silver (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Gloves_(1940_film)=Golden Gloves (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arirang_(2011_film)=Arirang (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Age_(1941_film)=Under Age (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cucumber_Castle_(film)=Cucumber Castle (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Minor_Vices=Tra moglie e marito (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomboy_(2011_film)=Tomboy (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balkan_Bazar=Balkan Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Miracle_des_loups_(1961_film)=La congiura dei potenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nightmare_on_Elm_Street_2:_Freddy's_Revenge=Nightmare 2 - La rivincita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Main_Aur_Ekk_Tu=Ek Main Aur Ekk Tu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actor's_and_Sin=Actor's and Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudugaru=Hudugaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romulus_and_the_Sabines=Il ratto delle Sabine (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ten_Gladiators=I dieci gladiatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulcan,_Son_of_Giove=Vulcano, figlio di Giove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Tha_Tiger=Ek Tha Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savages_(2012_film)=Le belve (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Widow_(1955_film)=La vedova X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_Legend_of_the_Phantosaur=Scooby-Doo! La leggenda del Fantosauro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicksand:_No_Escape=Senza via d'uscita (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Page_Eight=Page Eight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guilt_Trip_(film)=Parto con mamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanks_(film)=Shanks (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Adult_(film)=Young Adult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Change_(film)=Game Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Artist_(film)=The Artist (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hors_Satan=Hors Satan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_for_Keeps_(2012_film)=Quello che so sull'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snows_of_Kilimanjaro_(2011_film)=Le nevi del Kilimangiaro (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_(2011_film)=Skoonheid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_(2012_film)=Safe (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Gondolier=Broadway Gondolier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_Me%3F_(film)=Remember Me?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ticklish_Affair=Le astuzie della vedova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glory_Brigade=Brigata di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_to_the_Gold=La strada dell'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandalous_John=L'ultimo eroe del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Du_Barry,_Woman_of_Passion=Madame du Barry (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Branded_Woman=The Branded Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Actress_(1928_film)=L'attrice (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Right_of_Purchase=Matrimonio intermittente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent's_Last_Case_(1920_film)=Trent's Last Case (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swamp_Shark=Swamp Shark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Isle_of_Conquest=The Isle of Conquest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fine_Manners=Fine Manners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Frome_(film)=Ethan Frome - La storia di un amore proibito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Make_a_Night_of_It=Let's Make a Night of It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Grader=The First Grader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_He_Arrives=The Day He Arrives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_DuBarry_(1919_film)=Madame du Barry (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blackguard=Il furfante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmopolis_(film)=Cosmopolis (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nevadan=L'uomo del Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Sex_Addict=Diario di un'ossessione intima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setup_(2011_film)=Setup (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yearning_(1964_film)=Midareru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Duval_(film)=Claude Duval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Politics_of_Love=Politics of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Degree_(1919_film)=The Third Degree (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Runner=Ritorno dal futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Rome_with_Love_(film)=To Rome with Love (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Older_Brother,_Younger_Sister=Older Brother, Younger Sister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekken:_Blood_Vengeance=Tekken: Blood Vengeance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodoma's_Ghost=Il fantasma di Sodoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Up_on_Poppy_Hill=La collina dei papaveri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baytown_Outlaws=The Baytown Outlaws - I fuorilegge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prometheus_(2012_film)=Prometheus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wives_and_Lovers_(film)=Tra moglie e marito (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Interns=Squadra d'emergenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbitrage_(film)=La frode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_&_Furious_6=Fast & Furious 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Staked_Their_Lives=A rischio della vita (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Den_blomstertid=Den blomstertid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanee_&_Junah=Wani-wa Junha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heavenly_Play=Strada di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kungajakt=I cospiratori di Wismar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resan_bort=Resan bort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambit_(2012_film)=Gambit - Una truffa a regola d'arte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iris_and_the_Lieutenant=Iris fiore del nord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinocroc_vs._Supergator=Dinocroc vs. Supergator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_Me_Never_(1947_film)=Non mi sfuggirai (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_Me_Never_(1935_film)=Non mi sfuggirai (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Land_of_Blood_and_Honey=Nella terra del sangue e del miele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_Lost_Souls=Donna perduta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sol_Goode=Sol Goode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_Up_Revolution=Step Up Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Story_of_David=La storia di David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_Bright_Sun=Il sole scotta a Cipro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ParaNorman=ParaNorman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heedless_Moths=Heedless Moths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sept_hommes_et_une_garce=La primula rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Old_New_York_(1923_film)=Little Old New York (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Flower_and_the_Secret_Fan_(film)=Il ventaglio segreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa_in_Flames=Odessa in fiamme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adaminte_Makan_Abu=Adaminte Makan Abu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tunnel_(2011_film)=The Tunnel (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Minister=Il ministro - L'esercizio dello Stato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo,_August_31st=Oslo, 31. august
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_(2011_film)=Elena (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Old_Fashioned_Orgy=A Good Old Fashioned Orgy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trabbi_Goes_to_Hollywood=L'auto più pazza del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resident_Evil:_Retribution=Resident Evil: Retribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chambermaid_on_the_Titanic=L'immagine del desiderio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Brave_Men=Io non sono una spia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Sons_(1940_film)=Four Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charley's_Aunt_(1941_film)=La zia di Carlo (film 1941)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_How_They_Fall=Regarde les hommes tomber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Birds=Vildfåglar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Iron_Men=Otto uomini di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Angel_(1959_film)=L'angelo azzurro (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Fears=House of Fears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eolomea=Eolomea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_(2011_film)=The Lady - L'amore per la libertà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Lady_(film)=Il sigillo di Cardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokura_ga_Ita_(film)=Bokura ga ita (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arakawa_Under_the_Bridge_(film)=Arakawa Under the Bridge (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Thunder_Road=Crazy Thunder Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passione_(2010_film)=Passione (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piranha_3DD=Piranha 3DD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Shore_(1915_film)=Jane Shore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloma_of_the_South_Seas_(1941_film)=Aloma dei mari del sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweeney_(2012_film)=The Sweeney (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Miss_Hoover=Little Miss Hoover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_Dream_Again=Let Me Dream Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_&_Philosophy=Sesso e filosofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blessed_Ones=Il segno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deep_Blue_Sea_(2011_film)=Il profondo mare azzurro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Attorney_(film)=Gyakuten saiban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stimulantia=Stimulantia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mutiny_of_the_Elsinore_(1920_film)=The Mutiny of the Elsinore (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_No_Evil_(1945_film)=Il sole di Montecassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Recall_(2012_film)=Total Recall - Atto di forza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinitas=Infinitas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tanks_Are_Coming_(1951_film)=Arrivano i carri armati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hammer_(2010_film)=The Hammer (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Come_the_Waves=Here Come the Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Shelter=Take Shelter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Deeds=Good Deeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_Disguise=Lian ai tong gao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovosodo=Ovosodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liars_All=Liars All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twins'_Tea_Party=The Twins' Tea Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_40=Questi sono i 40
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cement_Garden_(film)=Il giardino di cemento (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgen_(film)=Morgen (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Lights_(2012_film)=Red Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_(1963_film)=Kiss (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Maniac=Diario di un vizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thin_Ice_(2011_film)=Thin Ice - Tre uomini e una truffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fascinating_Youth=Giovinezza (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strip_(1951_film)=La donna del gangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Jeune_Werther=Le jeune Werther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_and_at_'Em=Up and at 'Em (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovefilm_(film)=Film d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedevilled_(2010_film)=Kim Bok-nam sar-insageon-ui jeonmal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Schmeling_(film)=Max Schmeling (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_(2012_film)=The Master (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_on_Tuesday=Passioni in comune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Better_Life=Per una vita migliore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amour_(2012_film)=Amour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Burt_Wonderstone=The Incredible Burt Wonderstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_Story_of_David_Lloyd_George=The Life Story of David Lloyd George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Luciano_(film)=Lucky Luciano (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_People_(1940_film)=Non siamo più bambini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Life_(1931_film)=Il cammino verso la vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seconds_Apart=Seconds Apart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Apocalypse_(1993_film)=La piccola apocalisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rags_(2012_film)=Rags (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante's_Inferno:_Abandon_All_Hope=Dante's Inferno: Abandon All Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NYC:_Tornado_Terror=Massima allerta: Tornado a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Words_(film)=The Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_and_Jane=Antonia e Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_the_Night_(film)=Wir sind die Nacht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_of_the_Sleepless=Udzinarta mse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Local_Boys=Local Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeking_a_Friend_for_the_End_of_the_World=Cercasi amore per la fine del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magician_(1898_film)=Le magicien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daughter_of_Dr._Jekyll=La figlia del dr. Jekyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Famous_Box_Trick=Illusions fantasmagoriques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_William_Tell=Guillame Tell et le clown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Kiss_(film)=Paradise Kiss (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbird_(2012_film)=Blackbird (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Goddamned_Friends=Cari fottutissimi amici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critical_Assembly_(film)=Assemblaggio cruciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_of_Courage=Il giudice ragazzino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_the_Dog_(film)=God sobaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud_Dancer=Cloud Dancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_the_Law_(1938_film)=Il vendicatore (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wreck-It_Ralph=Ralph Spaccatutto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temptation_of_Saint_Anthony_(film)=La tentation de saint Antoine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Limelight=Ribalta nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaiian_Vacation=Vacanze hawaiiane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akai_Ito_(film)=Akai ito (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korkoro=Liberté (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Movie_5=Scary Movie V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fair_Co-Ed=Giovinezza prepotente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Apartments=Small Apartments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disappearance_of_Finbar=La scomparsa di Finbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayne_Mansfield's_Car=Jayne Mansfield's Car - L'ultimo desiderio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_the_Twain_Shall_Meet_(1931_film)=La voce del sangue (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grey_(film)=The Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Thomas_(film)=Il luogo delle ombre (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taming_of_the_Shrew_(1929_film)=La bisbetica domata (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_in_the_Air_(film)=Musica nell'aria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Ground_(film)=Higher Ground (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Rim_(film)=Pacific Rim (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_Shelter_(2013_film)=Non lasciarmi sola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Boy_(1949_film)=Gioventù spavalda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baader_(film)=Baader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Navy_Comes_Through=La marina è vittoriosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_of_the_Yukon=La bella dello Yukon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groove_Squad=Cheerleaders - La supersquadra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Tower_(film)=The Broken Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_and_Ten=Five and Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Witness_(2001_film)=Heuksuseon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devotion_(1931_film)=Devotion (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Claw_(1916_serial)=La maschera dai denti bianchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogues_and_Romance=La rosa di Cadice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Gold_(1926_film)=Deserto d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Isle_of_Forgotten_Women=The Isle of Forgotten Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assa_(film)=Assa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ransom_(1928_film)=La bella preda (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harbour_Lights_(1923_film)=The Harbour Lights (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gates_of_the_Night=Mentre Parigi dorme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Je_vous_aime=Vi amo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghaied_Love=La bolgia dei vivi (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_(film)=Betty (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Think_About_White_Monkeys=Ne dumaj pro belych obez'jan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Gave_Him_a_Gun=They Gave Him a Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_Days=Il piccolo saltimbanco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conquest_of_Canaan=The Conquest of Canaan (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roads_of_Destiny=Vie del destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhandled_(1924_film)=Maschietta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_George=Amy George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sign_of_Four_(1923_film)=The Sign of Four (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Drives_Me_Crazy=Nuga nareul michige haneunga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fellini:_A_Director's_Notebook=Block-notes di un regista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parking_(1985_film)=Parking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crystal_Ball_(film)=Domani sarò tua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Girl_Tisa=My Girl Tisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_in_Arms=Così vinsi la guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Wimpy_Kid:_Dog_Days_(film)=Diario di una schiappa - Vita da cani (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Red_Fern_Grows_(1974_film)=Dove cresce la felce rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorority_Wars=Le ragazze del Campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pups_(film)=Pups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyalty_of_Love=Teresa Confalonieri (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Train_Your_Dragon_2=Dragon Trainer 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slippy_McGee=Slippy McGee (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_of_the_Dinosaurs=La marcia dei dinosauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tous_les_soleils=...Non ci posso credere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Bough_Breaks_(1993_film)=Quando il ramo si spezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dakota_Incident=L'agguato delle cento frecce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pain_&_Gain=Pain & Gain - Muscoli e denaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synthetic_Sin=L'albergo delle sorprese (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thor:_The_Dark_World=Thor: The Dark World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Gone_(film)=Prima base (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferocious_Planet=Ferocious Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bamboo_Blonde=La bionda di bambù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gal_Who_Took_the_West=La bella preda (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas'_Gift=Il dono di Nicholas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naughty_But_Nice_(1927_film)=Biricchina ma simpatica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Chainsaw_3D=Non aprite quella porta 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shock_Labyrinth=The Shock Labyrinth: Extreme 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_with_Kids=Friends with Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lay_the_Favorite=Una ragazza a Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringing_Up_Bobby_(2011_film)=Bringing Up Bobby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Weeks_in_a_Balloon_(film)=Cinque settimane in pallone (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keroro_Gunso_the_Super_Movie_4:_Gekishin_Dragon_Warriors=Chō gekijōban Keroro gunsō: Gekishin Dragon Warriors de arimasu!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_Z_(film)=World War Z
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_with_Fire_(2012_film)=Fire with Fire (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Is_Not_Enough_(film)=Una volta non basta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadie_Love=Sadie Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_and_Chocolate=Fragola e cioccolato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanted:_A_Husband=Wanted: A Husband (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lone_Ranger_(2013_film)=The Lone Ranger (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_Age_of_Extinction=Transformers 4 - L'era dell'estinzione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bought_and_Paid_For=Bought and Paid For (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Girlfriend_Is_an_Agent=Chilgeup gongmuwon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_of_Rogue's_Harbor=Judy of Rogue's Harbor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furtivos=Furtivos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie,_My_Name_Is_Evil=Leslie, il mio nome è il male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebb_Tide_(1922_film)=Ebb Tide (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guelwaar=Guelwaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dreamed_of_Africa=Sognando l'Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltz_of_the_Toreadors_(film)=Il generale non si arrende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_Fever=La febbre della prateria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Fish=Cold Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilate_and_Others=Pilato e gli altri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Mamma=Ghost Mama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranormal_Activity_2:_Tokyo_Night=Paranormal Activity: Tokyo Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_(film)=Buck (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie's_Magic_Wand=Willie's Magic Wand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Little_Pony:_Twinkle_Wish_Adventure=My Little Pony - Il festival dei desideri d'inverno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_(1932_film)=Fanny (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_Pages=Scarlet Pages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Une_ravissante_idiote=Una adorabile idiota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Angry_Age=La diga sul Pacifico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Blank_(2010_film)=Point Blank (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_glaive_et_la_balance=Uno dei tre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Egg_Crate_Wallop=The Egg Crate Wallop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_(2011_film)=Lucky (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artifact_(film)=Artifact (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Howling:_Reborn=The Howling: Reborn - Il risveglio dei licantropi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Bridal_Nightmare=Her Bridal Night-Mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oz_the_Great_and_Powerful=Il grande e potente Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flowers_of_War=I fiori della guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Cherry=About Cherry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinty_(film)=Dinty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooting_the_Moon=L'albero delle pere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grave_Encounters=ESP - Fenomeni paranormali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Times_Forever_(Stora_Enso_Building,_Helsinki)=Modern Times Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_a_Camera_(film)=La donna è un male necessario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Beyond_Words=Parole magiche - La storia di J.K. Rowling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immensee_(film)=Il perduto amore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.I.P.D.=R.I.P.D. - Poliziotti dall'aldilà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Run=Cat Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulevard_du_Rhum=La via del rhum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Secrets_(1956_film)=L'uomo che vide il suo cadavere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Field_(film)=Il campo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_of_My_Voice=Sound of My Voice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue_at_Midnight_Castle=Mio mini pony - Salvataggio dal castello di mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drifters_(1929_film)=Drifters (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dawn_of_a_Tomorrow_(1924_film)=The Dawn of a Tomorrow (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krrish_3=Krrish 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Lady_and_the_Pigeons=La vieille dame et les pigeons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caprice_(1913_film)=Caprice (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Little_Devil=A Good Little Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Such_a_Little_Queen_(1914_film)=Such a Little Queen (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Star=Third Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Tide=Dark Tide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistress_Nell=Mistress Nell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Kitty_Bellairs_(1916_film)=Sweet Kitty Bellairs (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bound_in_Morocco=Avventura marocchina di Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_(2011_film)=Inside (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Captains_(film)=The Captains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_to_Expect_When_You're_Expecting_(film)=Che cosa aspettarsi quando si aspetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_and_the_Chipmunks:_Chipwrecked=Alvin Superstar 3 - Si salvi chi può!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Is_Fred%3F=Wo ist Fred?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_(1997_film)=Felicità rubata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Reacher_(film)=Jack Reacher - La prova decisiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Entlassung=Die Entlassung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scout's_Honor_(film)=Scout's Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Garden_(1987_film)=The Secret Garden (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Meets_Girl_(1984_film)=Boy Meets Girl (film 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Feast_(1972_film)=La notte dei mille gatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Life_(1971_British_film)=Family Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_the_Adventuress=Anna the Adventuress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Bed=The Royal Bed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stress_Is_Three=Lo stress è tre, tre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_(2012_film)=Gone (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_(2011_film)=Blind (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Sky_Down=From the Sky Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_10:_Destroy_All_Aliens=Ben 10: Destroy All Aliens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mosquito_Net=La mosquitera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monk_(2011_film)=Il monaco (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_&_Catherine:_A_Royal_Romance=William & Kate - Un amore da favola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Killed_Rasputin=Addio Lara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie:_Princess_Charm_School=Barbie e l'accademia per principesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Straw_(1920_film)=Jack Straw (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sick_Abed=Sick Abed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirty_Days_(1922_film)=Thirty Days (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxes_(film)=Boxes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawthorne_of_the_U.S.A.=Hawthorne of the U.S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_on_the_Ground=L'amore in pezzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thieves=The Thieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Veteran_(2011_film)=The Veteran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Together_(2011_film)=E se vivessimo tutti insieme?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Vermeers_in_New_York=Tutti i Vermeer a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roaring_Road=The Roaring Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moi,_un_noir=Moi, un noir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee:_The_3D_Concert_Movie=Glee: The 3D Concert Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Night=Quando la notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathing_(film)=Breathing (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terraferma_(film)=Terraferma (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moby_Dick_(2011_miniseries)=Moby Dick (miniserie televisiva 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_(1990_film)=Clarence - La vita è sempre meravigliosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Enemy's_Enemy=Il nemico del mio nemico - Cia, nazisti e guerra fredda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_49th_Man=Il 49º uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Undone_(film)=Cosa voglio di più
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_Is_Good=Now Is Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imago_Mortis=Imago mortis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventh_Son_(film)=Il settimo figlio (film 2014)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benvenuti_al_Sud=Benvenuti al Sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Danny_Wilson_(film)=Lasciami sognare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homer_and_Eddie=Homer & Eddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dog_(film)=Red Dog (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curse_of_the_Komodo=La maledizione di Komodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Princess_for_Christmas=Natale a Castlebury Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratman=Quella villa in fondo al parco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headspace_(film)=Headspace (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysteries_of_Lisbon=I misteri di Lisbona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_President=Good Morning President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Picture_(2010_film)=Scatti rubati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hick_(film)=Hick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Flower_(film)=Fiore del deserto (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoroughbred_(film)=Thoroughbred (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Sergeant_Grischa_(film)=The Case of Sergeant Grischa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaumarchais_(film)=L'insolente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_Forever=Sulle ali della canzone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_(1987_film)=Vincent (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Docteur_Jekyll_et_les_femmes=Nel profondo del delirio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odd_Life_of_Timothy_Green=L'incredibile vita di Timothy Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernatural_(film)=Supernatural (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_Kids!!!=Nintama Rantarō (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Rock=Murderock - Uccide a passo di danza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Little_Pony_Crystal_Princess:_The_Runaway_Rainbow=My Little Pony - L'arcobaleno scomparso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Shadow_of_Kilimanjaro=In the Shadow of Kilimanjaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_Girl=Army Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_for_Ever_(film)=Charlotte for Ever (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Little_Pony:_A_Very_Pony_Place=My Little Pony: A Very Pony Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceans_(film)=La vita negli oceani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starbuck_(film)=Starbuck - 533 figli e... non saperlo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Mirth_(1918_film)=The House of Mirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Victor_Herbert=The Great Victor Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_the_Bull_(film)=Ferdinando il toro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borsalino_&_Co.=Borsalino and Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Abyss_(film)=Into the Abyss (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Instinct_(1991_film)=Istinto omicida (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Struck_by_Lightning_(2012_film)=Struck by Lightning (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchanted_Desna=Desna incantevole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boat_Builders_(film)=Costruttori di barche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americano_(2011_film)=Americano (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chained_(2012_film)=Chained
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halbblut=Halbblut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interzone_(film)=Interzone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Year_of_the_Quiet_Sun=L'anno del sole quieto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Butler's_Sister=Le conseguenze di un bacio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En_tu_ausencia=En tu ausencia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brecha_(2009_film)=Brecha (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Doe_(2001_film)=La fuggitiva (film 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridesmaid_(film)=La damigella d'onore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Bobo=Il bebè
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Ennui=La noia (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wishing_Ring:_An_Idyll_of_Old_England=The Wishing Ring: An Idyll of Old England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggie_Mixes_In=Reggie Mixes In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_About_Town_(1947_film)=Il silenzio è d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farm_of_Seven_Sins=La ferme des sept péchés
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stowaway_(1958_film)=Clandestina a Tahiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Composer_Glinka=Il compositore Glinka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Bayaya=Il Principe Bajaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turnout_(film)=Turnout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exploits_of_the_Emden=The Exploits of the Emden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hedgehog=Il riccio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Fruit=Frutti selvaggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hysteria_(2011_film)=Hysteria (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bright_Shawl=Lo scialle lucente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Punch=Welcome to the Punch - Nemici di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Out_(2011_film)=Inside Out (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_of_Lies=Il colore della menzogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atrocious_(film)=Atrocious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_P._(film)=Melissa P. (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallo!=Fallo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believe_Me,_Xantippe=Believe Me, Xantippe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Line_of_Demarcation_(film)=La linea di demarcazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Romance_(film)=Young Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Lagoon_(1923_film)=The Blue Lagoon (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Fry_(film)=Buzz a sorpresa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Bound_(1941_film)=Arizona Bound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C-Man_(film)=La stirpe di Caino (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jericho_Mile=La corsa di Jericho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mississippi_Gambler_(1953_film)=L'avventuriero della Luisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gun_(1955_film)=Nessuno mi fermerà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_and_His_Dog=Un uomo e il suo cane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_Your_Way_Home=Canta quando torni a casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Within_the_Whirlwind=Viaggio nella vertigine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelorette_(film)=The Wedding Party (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid-Channel=Mid-Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunman's_Walk=Il sentiero della violenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framed_(1975_film)=Senza capo d'accusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Explorer=Urban Explorer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Faces_East_(1926_film)=Controspionaggio (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ambassador's_Daughter_(1956_film)=La figlia dell'ambasciatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Son_Is_Born=A Son Is Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Merry-Go-Round_(film)=Mischa il fachiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Motors=Holy Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_in_Chains=Ragazze in catene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Sombrero_(film)=The Big Sombrero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Yum_Goong_2=The Protector 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Mamlock_(1938_film)=Professor Mamlok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Ain't_Seen_Nothin'_Yet_(film)=Vous n'avez encore rien vu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thor_and_the_Amazon_Women=Le gladiatrici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yellow_Rose_of_Texas_(film)=The Yellow Rose of Texas (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_Hunted_Men=Land of Hunted Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun_Hill_Road_(film)=Gun Hill Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_the_Gringo=Viaggio in paradiso (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Karenina_(2012_film)=Anna Karenina (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._M_(film)=Doctor M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Ligne_droite=La ligne droite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shapeshifter_(film)=Shapeshifter (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abyss_(1910_film)=L'abisso (film 1910)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Mexico_(film)=La roccia di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breach_(film)=All'ombra del delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Lost_3:_Purgatory=Paradise Lost 3: Purgatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barely_Legal_(film)=Barely Legal (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2-Headed_Shark_Attack=2-Headed Shark Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Will_Be_My_Son=Tu seras mon fils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinners_in_the_Sun=Peccatori (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roarin'_Lead=Roarin' Lead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parlami_d'amore=Parlami d'amore (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braveheart_(1925_film)=Sangue indiano (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Before_Nightfall=Sul far della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worst_Movie_Ever!=The Worst Movie Ever!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madly_Madagascar=Le follie di Madagascar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_on_the_Stairs=Shadow on the Stairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumpaci_the_Vagabond=Lumpacivagabundus (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_Touch=L'immagine meravigliosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Front_Line_(2011_film)=L'ultima battaglia - The Front Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amen_(2011_film)=Amen (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Rite=Profezia di un delitto (film 1976)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twist_(film)=Pazzi borghesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Frontier_(1955_film)=L'ultima frontiera (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_First_Love=Un amore di gioventù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Man_on_Earth_(2011_film)=L'ultimo terrestre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Future=The Lost Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_bosque_animado=Il bosco animato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_on_Ice=Carmen on Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bora_Bora_(1968_film)=Bora Bora (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Exotic_Marigold_Hotel=Marigold Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silence_of_Dean_Maitland_(1914_film)=The Silence of Dean Maitland (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_Mick=Ginger Mick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Danger=Evviva il pericolo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4:44_Last_Day_on_Earth=4:44 - Ultimo giorno sulla terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Joe_(film)=Killer Joe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himizu_(film)=Himizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_with_Plums_(film)=Pollo alle prugne (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pay_or_Die=Pagare o morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agente_Segreto_070:_Thunderbay_Missione_Grasshopper=Agente 070 - Thunderbay missione Grasshopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_the_Rockies_(1937_film)=Heart of the Rockies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Purple_Vigilantes=The Purple Vigilantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_the_Mesquiteers=Call the Mesquiteers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaws_of_Sonora=Outlaws of Sonora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riders_of_the_Black_Hills=Riders of the Black Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_of_the_Hills=Heroes of the Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kansas_Terrors=The Kansas Terrors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboys_from_Texas=Cowboys from Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_of_the_Saddle=Heroes of the Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneers_of_the_West=Pioneers of the West (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covered_Wagon_Days=Covered Wagon Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I._Joe:_Retaliation=G.I. Joe - La vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Mountain_Rangers_(film)=Rocky Mountain Rangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklahoma_Renegades=Oklahoma Renegades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Texas_Skies_(1940_film)=Under Texas Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trail_Blazers=The Trail Blazers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Star_Raiders=Lone Star Raiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Bill_(2011_film)=Wild Bill (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Luck_Charlie,_It's_Christmas!=Buona fortuna Charlie - Road Trip Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin-Alexanderplatz_(1931_film)=Berlin Alexanderplatz (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Alone_(film)=Gli ostaggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Dust=House of Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_Pioneers=Prairie Pioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saddlemates=Saddlemates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangs_of_Sonora=Gangs of Sonora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaws_of_Cherokee_Trail=Outlaws of Cherokee Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauchos_of_El_Dorado=Gauchos of El Dorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_of_Cimarron=West of Cimarron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.LI.CE=A.LI.CE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Declaration_of_War_(film)=La guerra è dichiarata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wir_Wunderkinder=Finalmente l'alba (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Tempestaire=Le Tempestaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Yank_in_Australia=A Yank in Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangled_Ever_After=Rapunzel - Le incredibili nozze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moth_Diaries_(film)=The Moth Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wreck_(1913_film)=The Wreck (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City_Serenade_(film)=New York City Serenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_of_the_Outlaw=Code of the Outlaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raiders_of_the_Range=Raiders of the Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westward_Ho_(1942_film)=Westward Ho (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_Plainsmen=The Phantom Plainsmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_on_the_Sage=Shadows on the Sage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_of_Hunted_Men=Valley of Hunted Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thundering_Trails=Thundering Trails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blocked_Trail=The Blocked Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riders_of_the_Rio_Grande=Riders of the Rio Grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe_Scouts=Santa Fe Scouts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shooting_of_Dan_McGrew_(1915_film)=The Shooting of Dan McGrew (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh,_Kay!_(film)=Oh, Kay! (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoker_(film)=Stoker (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RRRrrrr!!!=RRRrrrr!!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragnet_Girl=La donna della retata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forsaking_All_Others_(1922_film)=La donna è mobile (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soul_Market=The Soul Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_with_Fire_(1916_film)=Playing with Fire (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passover_Plot_(film)=The Passover Plot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grandmaster_(film)=The Grandmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spell_of_the_Yukon_(film)=The Spell of the Yukon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weakness_of_Strength=The Weakness of Strength
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Millionaire's_Double=The Millionaire's Double
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Russell_Affair=The Russell Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daybreak_(1918_film)=Daybreak (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Soldier_Schweik_(1960_film)=Il bravo soldato Schwejk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_(1916_film)=Fiore della Scozia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_of_the_Soul=Eyes of the Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Chains_(film)=Broken Chains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frisky_Mrs._Johnson=The Frisky Mrs. Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phase_7=Fase 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help!_Help!_Police!=Help! Help! Police! (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fool's_Gold_(1919_film)=Fool's Gold (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glorious_Lady=The Glorious Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Door_That_Has_No_Key=The Door That Has No Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winner_(1962_film)=Un cuore grosso così
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopalong_Cassidy_Returns=Hopalong Cassidy Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_in_the_Morning_(film)=Alle 4 del mattino, due uomini... due donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Eat_Dog_(1964_film)=La morte vestita di dollari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courage_for_Every_Day=Il coraggio quotidiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visionaries_(film)=I visionari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles,_Dead_or_Alive=Charles mort ou vif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Experiment_(1922_film)=The Experiment (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Education_of_Elizabeth=The Education of Elizabeth (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kissing_Bandit_(film)=Il bacio del bandito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Away_Goes_Prudence=Away Goes Prudence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriage_Price=The Marriage Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_in_Quest_of_His_Youth=Conrad in Quest of His Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humoresque_(1920_film)=Humoresque (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_House_in_Order_(1920_film)=His House in Order (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackthorn_(film)=Blackthorn - La vera storia di Butch Cassidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild,_Wild_World_of_Jayne_Mansfield=La ballata del piacere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colegas=Colegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Held_to_Answer=Held to Answer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_of_the_Desert=L'ombra dell'Oriente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death's_Marathon=Death's Marathon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pioneers_(1916_film)=The Pioneers (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hundred_Years_Ago=One Hundred Years Ago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ticket_in_Tatts_(1911_film)=A Ticket in Tatts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tale_of_the_Australian_Bush=A Tale of the Australian Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colleen_Bawn_(1911_Australian_film)=The Colleen Bawn (film 1911 Mervale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Daughter_of_Australia_(1912_film)=A Daughter of Australia (film 1912)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wreck_of_the_Dunbar_or_The_Yeoman's_Wedding=The Wreck of the Dunbar or The Yeoman's Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ticket_of_Leave_Man_(1912_film)=The Ticket of Leave Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conn,_the_Shaughraun=Conn, the Shaughraun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stubbornness_of_Geraldine=The Stubbornness of Geraldine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankee_Pasha_(film)=Yankee Pascià
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Legs_of_Sabrina=Le bellissime gambe di Sabrina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mikado_(1939_film)=Mikado (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_(film)=Franz (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Orphant_Annie_(1918_film)=Little Orphant Annie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodline_(2011_film)=Bloodline (film 2013 Thompson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gainsbourg:_A_Heroic_Life=Gainsbourg (vie héroïque)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vow_(1946_film)=Il giuramento (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_of_Romance=Guilty of Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Have_and_to_Hold_(1916_film)=To Have and to Hold (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Have_and_to_Hold_(1922_film)=Il favorito del re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Register_(film)=Social Register
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_and_Tell_(1945_film)=Non parlare, baciami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_My_Pet_(film)=Neoneun pet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trick_in_the_Sheet=L'imbroglio nel lenzuolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday's_Children=Saturday's Children (film 1940)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Every_Woman_Knows_(1921_film)=What Every Woman Knows (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Claim=Gli adoratori del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Get_Married_(1926_film)=Let's Get Married (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grumpy_(1923_film)=Spalle al muro (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argo_(2012_film)=Argo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Letter_to_Momo=Una lettera per Momo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moss_Rose_(film)=Rose tragiche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pursued_(1934_film)=Gli occhi dell'anima (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detective_K:_Secret_of_the_Virtuous_Widow=Joseon myeongtamjeong: Gaksitugu kkoch-ui bimil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Without_Principle_(film)=Life Without Principle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvel_One-Shots=Marvel One-Shots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mayor_of_44th_Street=The Mayor of 44th Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lamb_(1915_film)=The Lamb (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Becky=The Case of Becky (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Such_a_Little_Queen_(1921_film)=Such a Little Queen (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dear_Desperado=Nae kkangpae gat-eun ae-in
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Woman_(film)=La ragazza da 20 dollari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women's_Prison_(1955_film)=La rivolta delle recluse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Panther's_Cub=The Black Panther's Cub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To-Day=Nell'ingranaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Homem_do_Futuro=L'uomo dal futuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_This_Waltz_(film)=Take This Waltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boss_(1915_film)=Michele Regan lo sfruttatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_(2011_film)=Sunny (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Rat_and_a_Baby=Brother Rat and a Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tale_of_the_Wind=Io e il vento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebeard's_8th_Wife=L'ottava moglie di Barbablù (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaza_(1923_film)=Zazà (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Keys_to_Baldpate_(1917_film)=Seven Keys to Baldpate (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Cristo_(1922_film)=Monte Cristo (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_grande_(film)=Da grande (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Mountain_People_Sea_(film)=People Mountain People Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbary_Sheep_(film)=Fascino del deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_of_Songs_(1918_film)=The Song of Songs (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff,_Who_Lives_at_Home=A casa con Jeff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomie_(film)=Tomie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hintertreppe=La scala di servizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_of_36=Ai confini della civiltà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unpardonable_Sin=The Unpardonable Sin (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'emmerdeur=Il rompiballe (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riders_of_the_Whistling_Pines=Riders of the Whistling Pines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_of_the_Dust=Lily of the Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Doll's_House_(1918_film)=A Doll's House (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomie:_Forbidden_Fruit=Tomie: Forbidden Fruit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Dawn=Velikoe zarevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Little_Girls_in_Blue=Tre ragazze in blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_the_Case_(1916_Australian_film)=The Woman in the Case (film 1916 Willoughby)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie's_Angels_(season_2)=Episodi di Charlie's Angels (seconda stagione)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie's_Angels_(season_3)=Episodi di Charlie's Angels (terza stagione)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie's_Angels_(season_4)=Episodi di Charlie's Angels (quarta stagione)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie's_Angels_(season_5)=Episodi di Charlie's Angels (quinta stagione)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Blind_Mouseketeers=I tre moschettieri ciechi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_Days_in_Havana=7 Days in Havana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(1961_film)=I tre moschettieri (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloudburst_(2011_film)=Cloudburst - L'amore tra le nuvole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_It_Feels_to_Be_Run_Over=How It Feels to Be Run Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquise_(film)=Marquise (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Reason_to_Live_(2011_film)=Oneul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabei:_Our_Mother=Kabei - Our Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronal_the_Barbarian=Ronal Barbaren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Humming_Bird=L'usignolo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Society_Scandal=Scandali (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drag_Net=La retata (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grin_and_Bear_It_(film)=Sorridi e sopportalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_y_Eva=Juan y Eva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrinkles_(film)=Arrugas - Rughe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Friends_(film)=Veri amici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cossacks_(1928_film)=I cosacchi (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloha_Oe_(film)=Aloha Oe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_of_Jennie_Cushing=The Rise of Jenny Cushing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation:_Confessions_of_a_Marriage_Counselor=Temptation: Confessions of a Marriage Counselor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Miracle=Qualcosa di straordinario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Souls=Silent Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moment_to_Moment=Da un momento all'altro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparkle_(2012_film)=Sparkle - La luce del successo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_'Em_and_Leave_'Em_(film)=Love 'Em and Leave 'Em (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spooky_Buddies=Supercuccioli - Un'avventura da paura!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Few_Best_Men=Tre uomini e una pecora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redemption_(1930_film)=Redenzione (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Me_(film)=Un pizzico di fortuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gruesome_Twosome_(1967_film)=The Gruesome Twosome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Can't_Change_the_World._But,_We_Wanna_Build_a_School_in_Cambodia.=Bokutachi wa Sekai wo Kaeru Koto ga Dekinai. But, we wanna build a school in Cambodia.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Cross=X-Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reunion_in_Vienna=Notturno viennese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomsday_Prophecy=21-12-2012 La profezia dei Maya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Bond=Anna Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Lazhar=Monsieur Lazhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunter_(2011_Australian_film)=The Hunter (film 2011 Nettheim)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violeta_Went_to_Heaven=Violeta Parra Went to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheerful_Weather_for_the_Wedding_(film)=Bella giornata per un matrimonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'aventure,_c'est_l'aventure=L'avventura è l'avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Rex=Sea Rex - I dinosauri degli abissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reunion_(2011_American_film)=The Reunion (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_League:_Doom=Justice League: Doom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Beginning_of_Glorious_Days=V načale slavnych del
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcano_(2011_film)=Eldfjall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Not_a_Film=This Is Not a Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_If_I_Am_Not_There=As If I Am Not There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lords_of_Salem_(film)=Le streghe di Salem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberries_in_the_Supermarket=Jagoda: Fragole al supermarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_Killed_Me=Omar m'a tuer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Buddies=Supercuccioli a caccia di tesori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Proposition_(1998_film)=La proposta (film 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chantrapas=Chantrapas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Darkness_(2011_film)=In Darkness (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bleeding_House=The Bleeding House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_sacerdote=El sacerdote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Expendables_2=I mercenari 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Watch_(2012_film)=Vicini del terzo tipo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warm_Bodies_(film)=Warm Bodies (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxfire_(1955_film)=Orgoglio di razza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Games_(2011_film)=Giochi d'estate (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girlfriend_(2010_film)=Girlfriend (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_(2011_film)=Rockstar (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YellowBrickRoad=YellowBrickRoad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confession_of_Murder=Confession of a Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Games:_At_the_End_of_the_Day=At the End of the Day - Un giorno senza fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_at_the_End_of_the_Street=Hates - House at the End of the Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Crusaders=Dragon Crusaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/.hack//The_Movie=.hack//The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freerunner_(film)=Freerunner - Corri o muori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evangeline_(1929_film)=Evangelina (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Keys_to_Baldpate_(1929_film)=Le sette chiavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_Their_Last_Yacht=Down to Their Last Yacht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Peacock=Madame Peacock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Bishop's_Carriage=In the Bishop's Carriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanga_Parbat_(film)=Nanga Parbat (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyfall=Skyfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collection_(film)=The Collection (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurse_3D=Nurse - L'infermiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Hangover=La sbornia di David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India_Song=India Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonds_of_Love=Bonds of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_Fires=Povero cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundown_(1924_film)=Tramonto (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brass_Bottle_(1923_film)=The Brass Bottle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_a_Blue_World=I vizi morbosi di una giovane infermiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Me_Mister_(film)=Butterfly americana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_Paula=Paula (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Child_for_Sale=A Child for Sale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porto_of_My_Childhood=Porto della mia infanzia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetlands_(2011_film)=Marécages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rite_of_Spring_(film)=Atto di primavera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Doctor_(2011_film)=The Good Doctor (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorck=Il generale York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimi_ni_Todoke_(film)=Kimi ni todoke (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireman_Save_My_Child_(1954_film)=Fireman Save My Child (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lives_of_the_Saints_(miniseries)=La terra del ritorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anneliese:_The_Exorcist_Tapes=Paranormal Entity 3: The Exorcist Tapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awakening_(2011_film)=1921 - Il mistero di Rookford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humanity's_End=Humanity's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Week_of_Life=One Week of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Company_You_Keep_(film)=La regola del silenzio - The Company You Keep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Youth_of_Peter_the_Great=Junost' Petra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panjaa=Panjaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoake_no_Machi_de=Yoake no machi de
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_Dog_(film)=Atomic Dog (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildness_of_Youth=Wildness of Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aballay_(film)=Aballay, el hombre sin miedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cry_of_the_Owl_(2009_film)=Il grido della civetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_in_the_City=Men In the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Suspicion_(1991_film)=Innocenza colposa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Choices:_To_Save_My_Child=Legami di sangue, vincoli d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Needle_(1988_film)=Igla (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crayon_Shin-chan:_The_Legend_Called:_Dance!_Amigo!=Crayon Shin-chan - Densetsu o yobu - Odore! Amigo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Monster_in_Paris=Un mostro a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geek_Charming=Regista di classe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Kisses=I baci mai dati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crayon_Shin-chan:_The_Legend_Called_Buri_Buri_3_Minutes_Charge=Crayon Shin-chan - Densetsu o yobu Buriburi - Sanpun pokkiri dai shingeki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_and_the_Mouse_(1928_film)=The Lion and the Mouse (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alias_Jimmy_Valentine_(1920_film)=Alias Jimmy Valentine (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crayon_Shin-chan:_Blitzkrieg!_Pig's_Hoof's_Secret_Mission=Crayon Shin-chan - Dengeki! Buta no Hizume dai sakusen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Us_Be_Gay=La moglie bella (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marrying_the_Mafia_IV=Gamun-ui sunan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_Nova_(1991_film)=Terre nuove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Echo_of_Youth=The Echo of Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Stand_(2013_film)=The Last Stand - L'ultima sfida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Little_Princess=My Little Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crayon_Shin-chan:_Explosion!_The_Hot_Spring's_Feel_Good_Final_Battle=Crayon Shin-chan - Bakuhatsu! Onsen wakuwaku dai kessen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_Inside_(film)=L'altra faccia del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crayon_Shin-chan:_Unkokusai's_Ambition=Crayon Shin-chan - Unkokusai no yabō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suicide_Forecast=Susanghan gogaekdeul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keroro_Gunso_the_Super_Movie:_Creation!_Ultimate_Keroro,_Wonder_Space-Time_Island=Chō gekijō-ban Keroro gunsō tanjō! Kyūkyoku Keroro kiseki no jikūjima de arimasu!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Nim_(film)=Project Nim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restoration_(2011_film)=Restoration (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frozen_Ground=Il cacciatore di donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_Titanic=La leggenda del Titanic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_Few=The Power of Few - Il potere dei pochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Ghost=Hello Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_(1997_film)=Beat (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mardi_Gras:_Spring_Break=Mardi Gras - Fuga dal college
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Act_of_Valor=Act of Valor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24/7:_The_Passion_of_Life=24/7 - The Passion of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Adventure_(1921_film)=The Great Adventure (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starship_Troopers:_Invasion=Starship Troopers - L'invasione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duelle=Duelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Pont_du_Nord=Le Pont du Nord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurlevent=Hurlevent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicle_(film)=Chronicle (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_the_Maiden,_Part_1:_The_Battles=Giovanna d'Arco - Parte I: Le battaglie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_the_Maiden,_Part_2:_The_Prisons=Giovanna d'Arco - Parte II: Le prigioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Linings_Playbook=Il lato positivo - Silver Linings Playbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Groom_Wore_Spurs=La sposa illegittima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bambuti_(film)=Non c'è più posto per le belve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21_Jump_Street_(film)=21 Jump Street (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone,_But_Not_Forgotten_(film)=Gone, But Not Forgotten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Different_from_You_and_Me=Processo a porte chiuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guillotines=I soldati dell'imperatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Own_United_States=My Own United States (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Staffan_Stolle_Story=Ratataa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Much_Ado_About_Nothing_(2012_film)=Much Ado About Nothing (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Laurie_(1916_film)=Annie Laurie (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Night_All_Cats_Are_Crazy=La nuit, tous les chats sont gris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Guignolo=Il piccione di piazza S. Marco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Better_Self=Her Better Self
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Slave_of_Vanity=A Slave of Vanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Steps_Above_Heaven=Tres metros sobre el cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Post=General Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rothschilds_(film)=I Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitlerjunge_Quex_(film)=Hitlerjunge Quex: Ein Film vom Opfergeist der deutschen Jugend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Aristocracy=Nel mondo dei miliardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_(1953_film)=Jennifer (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Place_Beyond_the_Pines=Come un tuono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_Within_(1990_film)=Tornato per uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Kids_2:_The_Island_of_Lost_Dreams=Spy Kids 2 - L'isola dei sogni perduti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Five_O'Clock_in_the_Afternoon=A las cinco de la tarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_and_the_Beanstalk_(1902_film)=Jack and the Beanstalk (film 1902)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_Crave_Excitement=Rivalità senza rivali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Islam=La spada dell'Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_(2005_film)=Gespenster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagat:_The_Documentary=Sagat: The Documentary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Conquest=La conquista della California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Intouchables=Quasi amici - Intouchables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry_and_the_Wizard_of_Oz=Tom & Jerry e il mago di Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_or_the_Last_Escapade=Alice (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspecteur_Lavardin=L'ispettore Lavardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Campaign_(film)=Candidato a sorpresa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horse_of_Pride=Le cheval d'orgueil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Afternoons_with_Margueritte=La tête en friche - La testa tra le nuvole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Powder=Death Powder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hatter's_Ghost=I fantasmi del cappellaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blood_of_Others_(film)=Il sangue degli altri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_of_Vichy=L'oeil de Vichy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Curious_Dream=A Curious Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ghost_of_a_Chance=Suteki na kanashibari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merchant_of_Venice_(1916_film)=The Merchant of Venice (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planes_(film)=Planes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_(1982_film)=Bakterion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_in_Arabia=La spia di Damasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loneliest_Planet=The Loneliest Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_Getting_to_Know_Us=Contrasti e amori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Kids_Go_to_Hell=Bad Kids Go to Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Tracks=Kalde spor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Jester's_Tale=Cronaca di un folle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Presence_(film)=The Presence (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_(2011_film)=Weekend (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirror_Mirror_(film)=Biancaneve (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roses_Are_Red_(film)=Roses Are Red (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_2_(film)=Red 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%3F_(film)=? (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_(2006_film)=The Garden (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winning_Goal=The Winning Goal (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_in_the_Wars=Broken in the Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_(2012_film)=Flight (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Love_(2011_film)=L'art d'aimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Hours=Venti ore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decoding_Annie_Parker=Annie Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_My_Wife=Nae anae-ui modeun geot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_General_Yang=7 guerrieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goon_(film)=Goon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sphinx_(1933_film)=La sfinge (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Words_(film)=Una bugia di troppo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_in_Nightmare_Park=La casa degli orrori nel parco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_(1966_film)=Il padre (film 1966)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic:_Blood_and_Steel=Titanic - Nascita di una leggenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Curiosity_Shop_(1921_film)=The Old Curiosity Shop (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Then_There_Were_None_(1945_film)=Dieci piccoli indiani (film 1945)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masquerade_(2012_film)=Masquerade (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Your_Eyes_(2014_film)=In Your Eyes (film 2014)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Psychopaths=7 psicopatici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Planet_Earth=Fuga dal pianeta Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Me_Aur_Main=I, Me aur Main
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloha,_Bobby_and_Rose=I ragazzi del sabato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gebo_and_the_Shadow=Gebo e l'ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Mirror_(film)=Specchio magico (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Empire=Il quinto impero - Ieri come oggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Word_and_Utopia=Parola e utopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_(1996_film)=Party (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Caixa=A caixa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_Despair=Giorno della disperazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divine_Comedy_(film)=La divina commedia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Case=Mon cas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Satin_Slipper_(film)=Le Soulier de satin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisca_(film)=Francisca (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benilde_or_the_Virgin_Mother=Benilde o la Vergine Madre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fever_in_the_Blood=Febbre nel sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicide_Room=Sala Samobójców
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Heaven_(film)=Oscuri presagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Papa=Monsieur Papa (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_Into_Darkness=Into Darkness - Star Trek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Tillie's_Dragon=Tilly e il draghetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apartment_1303_3D=1303 - La paura ha inizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunt_(1963_film)=La caccia (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_Paradise_(film)=Lost in Paradise (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White,_the_Yellow,_and_the_Black=Il bianco, il giallo, il nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dictator_(1915_film)=The Dictator (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downfall_(1997_film)=Chang (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Citizen=An American Citizen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run,_Man,_Run=Corri uomo corri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_A.M._(2001_film)=3 A.M. - Omicidi nella notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiem_for_a_Secret_Agent=Requiem per un agente segreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Painted_Post=Il fanciullo del West (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Corsair_(1976_film)=Il Corsaro Nero (film 1976)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Comes_Up_Smiling=Sette giorni di gioia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_the_Old_Army_Game=It's the Old Army Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Battle=Il grande attacco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moby_Dick_(1998_miniseries)=Moby Dick (miniserie televisiva 1998)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sensual_Man=Paolo il caldo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spreading_Dawn=The Spreading Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life's_Whirlpool=Life's Whirlpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lie_(1918_film)=The Lie (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bankers_of_God:_The_Calvi_Affair=I banchieri di Dio - Il caso Calvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kochadaiiyaan=Kochadaiyaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_in_the_Sun=Koritsia ston ilio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run,_Run,_Joe!=Arrivano Joe e Margherito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frenemies_(film)=Nemici per la pelle (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_for_Sale=Tutto in vendita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(1953_film)=Fate largo ai moschettieri!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanton_of_Spain=La Celestina (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leafie,_A_Hen_into_the_Wild=Leafie - La storia di un amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Band_of_Honest_Men=La banda degli onesti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plot_of_Fear=E tanta paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collateral_Damage_(film)=Danni collaterali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Moreland=Mary Moreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greater_Woman=The Greater Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Help_Emily=Please Help Emily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Bossu_(1959_film)=La spada degli Orléans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souls_in_Pawn=Souls in Pawn (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convoy_(1927_film)=Convoy (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shootout_at_Wadala=Shootout at Wadala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_Hoboes=Hungry Hobos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fastest_(film)=Fastest - Il più veloce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marta_(film)=...dopo di che, uccide il maschio e lo divora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goat_Horn=Il corno di capra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brand_of_Cowardice=The Brand of Cowardice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Massacre_(film)=The Massacre (film 1912)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classmates_(1914_film)=Classmates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal_Arts_(film)=Liberal Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Our_Minds_(film)=Out of Our Minds (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Mine_(1917_film)=Baby Mine (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nearly_Married=Nearly Married
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_of_the_Circus_(1917_film)=Polly of the Circus (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cynic,_the_Rat_and_the_Fist=Il cinico, l'infame, il violento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dance_of_Reality=La danza della realtà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Hell_to_Victory=Contro 4 bandiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolled_Stockings=Rolled Stockings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Dream_Team=The Other Dream Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Steps_Out=Stephen Steps Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Leopard=Commando d'assalto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Bite=Love Bite - Amore all'ultimo morso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Salamander_(1971_film)=La salamandra (film 1971)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neverland_(miniseries)=Neverland - La vera storia di Peter Pan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gift_of_the_Night_Fury=Dragons - Il dono del drago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Inside_(1990_film)=L'infiltrato (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ailsa_(film)=Ailsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Placid:_The_Final_Chapter=Lake Placid 4 - Capitolo finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_the_Fifth=La femme du Vème
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Cab_Murder=Radio Cab Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dangerous_Toy=Il giocattolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_the_Snow_Brings=Yuki ni negau koto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_Over_the_World=Wings Over the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Mine_(1928_film)=Slym papà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Own_Law=His Own Law (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Hearts=The Battle of Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_(1915_film)=Jeanne (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzaku_(film)=Moe no suzaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabaret_(1927_film)=Cabaret di Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sky_Full_of_Stars_for_a_Roof=...e per tetto un cielo di stelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheerful_Givers=Cheerful Givers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_Dancer=La danzatrice degli dei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_Disputed=La donna contesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Cangaceiro=O' Cangaceiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stash_House=Stash House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Big_Horn_(film)=La trappola degli indiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Air_Circus=La via delle stelle (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five-Year_Engagement=The Five-Year Engagement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_Boots_(film)=L'irresistibile (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Police_Captain=Confessione di un commissario di polizia al procuratore della repubblica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Loved_a_Woman=Amai una donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gretna_Green_(1915_film)=Gretna Green (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weary_River=Il fiume stanco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Berlin_File=The Berlin File
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_O'Malley=The Great O'Malley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racket_Busters=Racket Busters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Thing_(film)=Beautiful Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excision_(film)=Excision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Age_(2002_film)=L'era glaciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Candelabra=Dietro i candelabri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Donna_(1923_film)=Triste presagio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slave_of_Desire=Slave of Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimen_(film)=Crimen (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Dollar_(film)=Silver Dollar (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheat_(1923_film)=La vampa (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bed_and_Board_(1970_film)=Non drammatizziamo... è solo questione di corna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_the_Bride_(1919_film)=Here Comes the Bride (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Dates_of_Christmas=12 volte Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiley_(2012_film)=Smiley (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Quiet=On the Quiet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nearly_a_King=Nearly a King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soul_of_Broadway=The Soul of Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eternal_Three=The Eternal Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immigrant_(1915_film)=L'immigrante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_War=Weather Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sailor_Who_Fell_from_Grace_with_the_Sea_(film)=I giorni impuri dello straniero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimpanzee_(film)=Chimpanzee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Known_Address=Ultimo domicilio conosciuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitch_Perfect=Voices (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Fugitifs=Due fuggitivi e mezzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_Like_a_Man=Think Like a Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21_&_Over_(film)=Un compleanno da leoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozen_Justice=Giustizia dei ghiacci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bottle_Imp_(1917_film)=La bottiglia incantata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masquerader_(1933_film)=La maschera (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_(1934_film)=Nanà (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say!_Young_Fellow=Dite un po' giovinotto!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_(1918_film)=Il cavaliere dell'Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Intrigue=The Intrigue (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Une_chance_sur_deux=Uno dei due
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Modern_Musketeer=Un moschettiere moderno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Sea_Rose=La perla di Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Jeans_(1917_film)=Blue Jeans (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strike_Me_Pink_(film)=Coniglio o leone?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sold_(1915_film)=Sold (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Donna_(1915_film)=Bella donna (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empty_Nest_(film)=El nido vacío
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transatlantic_Merry-Go-Round=Transatlantic Merry-Go-Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Mavericks=Chasing Mavericks - Sulla cresta dell'onda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prunella_(1918_film)=Prunella (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scuttlers=The Scuttlers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Salt_of_Life=Gianni e le donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_rubammo_la_bomba_atomica=Come rubammo la bomba atomica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture_101=Geonchukhakgaeron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_Steps_Out=Desiderio di re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_and_Ready_(film)=Rough and Ready (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_County_Chairman_(1914_film)=The County Chairman (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Straight_Way=The Straight Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_vostro_super_agente_Flit=Il vostro superagente Flit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Touhy,_Gangster=Roger Touhy, Gangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jealousy_(1916_film)=Jealousy (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Imperial_(1939_film)=Hotel Imperial (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Bet_on_Blondes=Don't Bet on Blondes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_the_Mob=Queen of the Mob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Preview_Murder_Mystery=L'uomo senza volto (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Flynn=Being Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Fiction=Love Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_of_Susan=The Rise of Susan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Undying_Flame=The Undying Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enter_Madame_(1922_film)=Enter Madame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Divide_(1929_film)=Il bandito e la signorina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_Captain_Fabian=L'avventuriero di New Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till_We_Meet_Again_(1936_film)=Till We Meet Again (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Sell_Anything=I Sell Anything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozen_(2013_film)=Frozen - Il regno di ghiaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Dawn_(2004_film)=Breaking Dawn (film 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Shine_(film)=Let It Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Every_Woman_Wants_(1919_film)=What Every Woman Wants (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Flight=The Art of Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Ass_(film)=Bad Ass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Congress_(2013_film)=The Congress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unearthly_Stranger=Assedio alla Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightning_Bolt_(film)=Operazione Goldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_House_on_the_Beach=La settima donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_(film)=Ninja (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Italian_Style=Due marines e un generale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vares:_Private_Eye=Vares: Private Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Forest_Girl_(1950_film)=Schwarzwaldmädel (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Irish_in_Us=Colpo proibito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Refuses=The Lady Refuses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V2:_Dead_Angel=V2: Dead Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn:_The_Untold_Story=Marilyn - Una vita, una storia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Planets_(1966_film)=I diafanoidi vengono da Marte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumpelstiltskin_(1987_film)=Il potere magico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_Fever=Swing Fever (film 1943)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Race_3:_Inferno=Death Race 3 - Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fighting_Redhead=The Fighting Redhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petty_Romance=Jje-jje-han romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeh_Jawaani_Hai_Deewani=Yeh Jawaani Hai Deewani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Centipede_3_(Final_Sequence)=The Human Centipede 3 (Final Sequence)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Right_(2009_film)=Mr. Right (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forty_Thieves_(film)=Forty Thieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fury_at_Furnace_Creek=L'assalto (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Day_to_Die_Hard=Die Hard - Un buon giorno per morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satan's_Brew=Nessuna festa per la morte del cane di Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Amigo=The Gay Amigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amityville_Haunting=The Amityville Haunting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hades_(film)=Hades (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Play_for_a_Passenger=Pesa dlya passazhira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Vinglish=Quando parla il cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speaking_of_the_Devil=Un piede in paradiso (film 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Squad_(film)=Ciao nemico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_Music_of_the_Vampire=Scooby-Doo! e il Festival dei vampiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Cavalcade=Hollywood Cavalcade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Trinity=Trinità & Bambino... e adesso tocca a noi!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peau_d'Ange=Pelle d'angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sealed_Verdict=Il verdetto (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Minute_to_Pray,_a_Second_to_Die_(film)=Un minuto per pregare, un istante per morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Imperfect_Lady_(1947_film)=La donna di quella notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Guns_for_the_MacGregors=7 pistole per i MacGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_the_MacGregors!=7 donne per i MacGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Colt=Sugar Colt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresden_(2006_film)=Dresda (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_Has_Ears=Tai yang you er
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangled_Lives=Vite strozzate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Son_of_David=A Son of David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Week_(film)=La settimana santa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_bambolona=La bambolona (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.F.O._(2012_film)=U.F.O. (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torture_Me_But_Kill_Me_with_Kisses=Straziami ma di baci saziami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_See_Naked=Vedo nudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hoodlum_Saint=The Hoodlum Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fat_Boy_Chronicles=The Fat Boy Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass:_A_Portrait_of_Philip_in_Twelve_Parts=Glass: A Portrait of Philip in Twelve Parts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transit_(2012_film)=Transit (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Luna_(2011_film)=La luna (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sightseers=Killer in viaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell,_My_Queen=Addio mia regina (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_Circulation=Back in Circulation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_and_the_Chorus_Girl=Il re e la ballerina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Blonde=Smart Blonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Bent_for_Leather_(film)=Duello tra le rocce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rangers_of_Fortune=Gli avventurieri di Santa Marta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranormal_Activity_4=Paranormal Activity 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_(1917_film)=She (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_of_Life=Wings of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_Out,_We're_Mad!=...altrimenti ci arrabbiamo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Canyon_(1949_film)=Il figlio del delitto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_on_Bird_Street_(film)=L'isola in via degli Uccelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimfire_(film)=La legge di Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CZ12=Chinese Zodiac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_East_(film)=The East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Nobody_(1996_film)=Panna Nikt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai_Express=Chennai Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Peacock=The New York Peacock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Wiggs_of_the_Cabbage_Patch_(1919_film)=Mrs. Wiggs of the Cabbage Patch (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castaway_on_the_Moon=Castaway on the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Cyborg:_Steel_Warrior=Il guerriero d'acciaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Before_Dark_(film)=Pietà per la carne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strawberry_Roan=The Strawberry Roan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_Days=Per la figlia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Cord=Giornata nera per l'ariete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brat_(1919_film)=The Brat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Stayed_at_Home=Le vestali dell'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fetih_1453=Fetih 1453
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(2012_film)=Aujourd'hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_(2012_film)=La scelta di Barbara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_Must_Die=Cesare deve morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fortunes_of_Fifi=The Fortunes of Fifi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coming_of_Amos=La torre dei supplizi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paliser_Case=The Paliser Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_Marks_the_Spot_(1931_film)=X Marks the Spot (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminator_2:_Judgment_Day=Terminator 2 - Il giorno del giudizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evidence_(1915_film)=Evidence (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_the_Wind=Just the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabu_(2012_film)=Tabu (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Stakes_(1931_film)=High Stakes (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_(2003_film)=Madeleine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Djema=Viaggio a titolo privato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artful_Kate=Artful Kate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_(1911_film)=The Dream (film 1911)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madea's_Witness_Protection=Madea - Protezione testimoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranormal_Activity_(film_series)=Paranormal Activity (serie di film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_from_Stalingrad=The Boy from Stalingrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breath_of_the_Gods=The Breath of the Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_100.000_dollari_ti_ammazzo=Per 100.000 dollari t'ammazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Secret_Service=Italian Secret Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forty_Little_Mothers=Forty Little Mothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_vrais_mensonges=Beautiful Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trance_(2013_film)=In trance (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taste_of_Money=Don-ui mat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secondo_Ponzio_Pilato=Secondo Ponzio Pilato (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_in_Progress=Girl in Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexting_in_Suburbia=La rete non dimentica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Missionaries=Porgi l'altra guancia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Occasion=Quelle strane occasioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Policewoman_(film)=La poliziotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeos_(film)=Romeos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Rebel=Radio Rebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassination_of_Matteotti=Il delitto Matteotti (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verso_Sud=Verso sud (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama_Moon_(film)=Alabama Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Broadway=L'albergo delle sorprese (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Our_Heroes_Be_Able_to_Find_Their_Friend_Who_Has_Mysteriously_Disappeared_in_Africa%3F=Riusciranno i nostri eroi a ritrovare l'amico misteriosamente scomparso in Africa?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Children=Wolf Children - Ame e Yuki i bambini lupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_Walks_Out=La forza dell'amore (film 1936)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_with_the_Curve=Di nuovo in gioco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mother_Should_be_Loved=Una madre dovrebbe essere amata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Side_Effects_(2013_film)=Effetti collaterali (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Quentin_(1946_film)=San Quentin (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Tenebras_Lux_(film)=Post Tenebras Lux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Mary=American Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nursing_a_Viper=Nursing a Viper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridal_Chair=The Bridal Chair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_Goes_Wild=La sposa ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Earth=After Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Bless_America_(film)=God Bless America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rustlers_(1949_film)=Rustlers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie_in_A_Mermaid_Tale_2=Barbie e l'avventura nell'oceano 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Royal_Affair=Royal Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Witch=Rebelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Dancer_(film)=Doppio gioco (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_Picone%3F=Mi manda Picone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albuquerque_(film)=Il solitario del Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Man_(1998_film)=Il testimone dello sposo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masks_and_Faces=Masks and Faces (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bullet_for_Sandoval=Quei disperati che puzzano di sudore e di morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circus_Man=The Circus Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Host_(2013_film)=The Host (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_like_a_Woman_(2012_film)=Just Like a Woman (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nymphomaniac_(film)=Nymphomaniac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Will_Come=L'uomo che verrà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rango_(2011_film)=Rango (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cat_in_Paris=Un gatto a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Patrol=The Ghost Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_and_the_Cuckoo-Clock_Heart=Jack et la Mécanique du cœur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diamond_Necklace_(film)=The Diamond Necklace (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parisian_Love=Amore parigino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_(1924_film)=Miami (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lady_of_Whims=My Lady of Whims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Less_Than_the_Dust=Less Than the Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nostalgia_for_the_Light=Nostalgia della luce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fantastic_Flying_Books_of_Mr._Morris_Lessmore=The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan,_Our_Homeland=Le voci della nostra infanzia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhaag_Milkha_Bhaag=Bhaag Milkha Bhaag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_and_Back_Again=Hell and Back Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khumba=Khumba (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Old_Sweet_Song_(1923_film)=Love's Old Sweet Song (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomed_Caravan=Doomed Caravan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'imitateur=L'imitateur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stade_81=Stade 81
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Plains_(1911_film)=Across the Plains (film 1911)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Plains_(1910_film)=Across the Plains (film 1910)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Ice=Chasing Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_This_Day_Forward=Tutte le spose son belle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Season_(film)=Killing Season (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Willow_Tree_(1920_film)=The Willow Tree (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbirds_(1915_film)=Blackbirds (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_vita_agra_(film)=La vita agra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Age:_Dawn_of_the_Seeker=Dragon Age: Dawn of the Seeker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affectionately_Yours=Con mia moglie è un'altra cosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Face_(2012_film)=Saving Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentecost_(film)=Pentecost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shore_(film)=The Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pride_of_the_Fancy=The Pride of the Fancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Rose_of_Summer_(film)=The Last Rose of Summer (film 1920 Ward)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convict_99_(1919_film)=Convict 99 (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puss_in_Boots:_The_Three_Diablos=Il gatto con gli stivali: I Tre Diablos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Sisters=Sorelle assassine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Fireflies=Niji-iro hotaru: Eien no natsu yasumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangway_for_Tomorrow=Viaggio per la libertà
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sessions_(film)=The Sessions - Gli incontri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Superhero=Death of a Superhero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_All_Starts_Today=Ricomincia da oggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Your_Legs=Tra le gambe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_Sun=Viaggio verso il sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riddick_(film)=Riddick (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Age:_A_Mammoth_Christmas=L'era Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadako_3D=Sadako 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prey_(1977_film)=Terrore ad Amityville Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idol_Dancer=L'idolo danzante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror_(1978_film)=Delirium House - La casa del delirio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_(1918_film)=Men (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Ninja:_Naruto_the_Movie=Naruto - La via dei ninja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Verona_Trial=Il processo di Verona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_(1977_film)=Il gatto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help_Me_Dream=Aiutami a sognare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Up_and_Die=Svegliati e uccidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Terrible_Night=Une nuit terrible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Would_You_Rather_(film)=Would You Rather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarafa_(film)=Le avventure di Zarafa - Giraffa giramondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suicide_Shop_(film)=La bottega dei suicidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V/H/S=V/H/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_Cards_(film)=Partie de cartes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_Heist=Baramgwa hamkke sarajida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovelace_(film)=Lovelace (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightshapes=Nachtgestalten (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parked=Parked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Flower=Il fiore dell'isola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Running_Fight=The Running Fight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Misunderstandings=Piccoli equivoci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abroad_with_Two_Yanks=In giro con due americani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Faced_Tiger=Massacro a San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_My_Boy_(2012_film)=Indovina perché ti odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuck_in_Love=Stuck in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Astronomer's_Dream=La lune à un mètre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_the_Lights_On=Keep the Lights On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Llewyn_Davis=A proposito di Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quartet_(2012_film)=Quartet (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Proper_Scandal=Uno scandalo perbene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_Mean_Men=Very Mean Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_Is_Woman=Il futuro è donna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_by_Mistake=Le sorprese dell'amore (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Racket=Il grande racket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shark_Hunter=Il cacciatore di squali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_the_Cobra=Il giorno del Cobra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loves_and_Times_of_Scaramouche=Le avventure e gli amori di Scaramouche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_by_the_Edge_of_the_Lake=Sensività
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sting_of_the_West=Tedeum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Hamlet=Quella sporca storia nel West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegade_Riders=7 winchester per un massacro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Eyes_of_Fear=Gli occhi freddi della paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_of_the_Bears=Jonathan degli orsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_Blast=Colpi di luce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blindman=Blindman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passport_to_Suez=Passaporto per Suez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Film:_An_Odyssey=The Story of Film: An Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_of_Fire=Deserto di fuoco (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Striker_(1987_film)=Striker (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Im_Banne_des_Unheimlichen=Il teschio di Londra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planzet=Planzet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brooms=New Brooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbo_(film)=Turbo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Lagoon:_The_Awakening=Laguna blu - Il risveglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentlemen_of_the_Press=Gentlemen of the Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Springs_(2012_film)=Il matrimonio che vorrei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidnap_Syndicate=La città sconvolta: caccia spietata ai rapitori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewelpet_the_Movie:_Sweets_Dance_Princess=Eiga Jewelpet - Sweets Dance Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_Size=Fun Size
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soursweet=La legge delle triadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_(2008_film)=Sonbahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Texican=Ringo il texano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StreetDance_2=StreetDance 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Want_to_Go_Back_Alone=Eu não quero voltar sozinho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Blackout=Pacific Blackout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europa_Report=Europa Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhosh_(1974_film)=Madhosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_Shiloh=7 volontari dal Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_Wore_a_Gun=Lo straniero ha sempre una pistola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pusher_(2012_film)=Pusher (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria_Again_and_Forever=Alexandrie encore et toujours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matru_Ki_Bijlee_Ka_Mandola=Matru Ki Bijlee Ka Mandola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oedipus_Orca=Oedipus orca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_of_the_Cop=Mark il poliziotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salon_Kitty_(film)=Salon Kitty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garter_Colt=Giarrettiera Colt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rust_and_Bone=Un sapore di ruggine e ossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Subversives=I sovversivi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angels'_Share=La parte degli angeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_rabbia=La rabbia (film 1963)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monika_(1974_film)=La ragazzina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balsamus,_l'uomo_di_Satana=Balsamus, l'uomo di Satana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_Without_Men_(2009_film)=Donne senza uomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_of_Kentucky=Sinfonia d'amore (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anno_uno=Anno uno (film 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Is_My_Colt_.45=La colt era il suo Dio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longest_Hunt=Spara, Gringo, spara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazons_(1984_film)=Amazzoni (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viy_(2014_film)=Vij (film 2014)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flavor_of_Corn=Il sapore del grano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day-Time_Wife=Moglie di giorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicky_Donor=Vicky Donor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bandit's_Waterloo=The Bandit's Waterloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alambrista!=Il clandestino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage_in_Transit=Marriage in Transit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_in_Cell_Block_7=Diario segreto da un carcere femminile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eroticist=Nonostante le apparenze... e purché la nazione non lo sappia... All'onorevole piacciono le donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pusher_(1996_film)=Pusher - L'inizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ningen_(1962_film)=L'uomo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed,_Edd_n_Eddy's_Big_Picture_Show=Ed, Edd & Eddy: Il grande film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marley_(film)=Marley (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annabelle_Serpentine_Dance=Annabelle Serpentine Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_a_Dragon=I mercenari di Macao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Kill_a_Dragon=Ubit' drakona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubalda,_All_Naked_and_Warm=Quel gran pezzo dell'Ubalda tutta nuda e tutta calda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovannona_Long-Thigh=Giovannona Coscialunga disonorata con onore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Career_of_a_Chambermaid=Telefoni bianchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Fang_(1973_film)=Zanna Bianca (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenge_to_White_Fang=Il ritorno di Zanna Bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Other_Woman_(1928_film)=Corona di fango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Schoolteacher_Goes_to_Boys'_High=L'insegnante va in collegio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vermilion_Pencil=The Vermilion Pencil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_of_Nowhere_(2012_film)=Middle of Nowhere (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_in_a_Million_(1936_film)=Turbine bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernobyl_Diaries=Chernobyl Diaries - La mutazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Lovers_Left_Alive=Solo gli amanti sopravvivono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legacy_of_Pretoria=La flotta delle illusioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_School_Outing=Una gita scolastica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_Clerks=Impiegati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Wedding_Night=La seconda notte di nozze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_for_Loving=Sapore di mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Frankenstein=I, Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Rest_for_the_Wicked_(film)=No habrá paz para los malvados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Expectations_(2012_film)=Grandi speranze (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Without_End_(miniseries)=Mondo senza fine (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_in_3_Days=SMS - 3 giorni e 6 morto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bending_the_Rules=Oltre ogni regola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Super_Psycho_Sweet_16:_Part_3=My Super Psycho Sweet 16 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abandon_de_poste=Abandon de poste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_(2011_film)=Eva (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Fights_Alone=The Man Who Fights Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midsummer_Madness_(1921_film)=Midsummer Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hell_Diggers=The Hell Diggers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Au_nom_du_Christ=Nel nome di Cristo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Voortrekkers=De Voortrekkers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_26=Special Chabbis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scheherazade,_Tell_Me_a_Story=Sheherazade, Tell Me a Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garagouz=Garagouz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_va_pleuvoir_sur_Conakry=Pioverà su Conakry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Dark_Thirty=Zero Dark Thirty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juju_Factory=Juju Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prodigal_Daughters=Jazz-Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_This_Lollipop=Take This Lollipop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Angel=Nuda per un pugno di eroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven's_Postman=Cheonguk-ui upyeonbaedalbu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lezare=Lezare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Mauritius=Made in Mauritius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Boys_&_Girls=Storia di ragazzi e di ragazze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moloch_Tropical=Moloch Tropical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramata_(film)=Ramata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimo_minuto=Ultimo minuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Story_(film)=Notre histoire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Violence=State of Violence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepwalking_Land_(film)=Terra sonnambula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinye_So=Tinye So
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zulu_Love_Letter=Lettre d'amour zoulou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_to_Live=Ikitai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kony_2012=Kony 2012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maciste_alla_corte_del_Gran_Khan=Maciste alla corte del Gran Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Someone_in_Love_(film)=Qualcuno da amare (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lover_Come_Back_(1946_film)=Scandalo in famiglia (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesson_of_the_Evil=Il canone del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_God_Forgives=Solo Dio perdona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castles_for_Two=Castles for Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Twist_(1916_film)=Oliviero Twist (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Ground_(1916_film)=Common Ground (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wood_Nymph_(film)=The Wood Nymph (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_Perry:_Part_of_Me=Katy Perry: Part of Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_un_uomo_sulla_terra=Come un uomo sulla terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En_attendant_les_hommes=En attendant les hommes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_of_Arc_(1935_film)=Giovanna d'Arco (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Sangue_verde=Il sangue verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_ladrone=Il ladrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Scandal=Another Scandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inner_Chamber=The Inner Chamber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natale_a_Rio=Natale a Rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koukan_Kourcia=Koukan Kourcia ou le cri de la torturelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_of_the_Imam=The Killing of the Imam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sur_les_traces_du_Bembeya_Jazz=Sur les traces du Bembeya Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous_Five_(film)=I fantastici 5 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Frog=White Frog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moro_no_Brasil=Moro no Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Gran_final=Il grande match (film 2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_for_Your_Life!=Opasno dlja žizni!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hide_in_Plain_Sight=Li troverò ad ogni costo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloudy_with_a_Chance_of_Meatballs_2=Piovono polpette 2 - La rivincita degli avanzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_This_Is_Love_(film)=Sogno di Bohème
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mara_Maru=La croce di diamanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudelle_Inglish=Un pugno di fango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_a_String=Spionaggio al vertice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_Love_Diamonds=Women Love Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Laugh=Tu ridi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_for_Burning=Un uomo da bruciare (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Sign_of_Scorpio=Sotto il segno dello scorpione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaws_of_Love=I fuorilegge del matrimonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meadow_(film)=Il prato (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Prussian_Love_Story=Preußische Liebesgeschichte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Down_in_LA-LA_Land=Going Down in LA-LA Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinned_Deep=Scannati vivi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spy:_Undercover_Operation=Spy (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_from_Paris=Un amore a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_the_End=Facciamola finita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andhar_Bahar=Andhar Bahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahara_Cross=Sahara Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reno_(1923_film)=Reno (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Gravel=Asfalto nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Million_Bid_(1914_film)=A Million Bid (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daughter_of_the_Samurai=La figlia del samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Climbers_(1927_film)=La duchessa d'Alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun_Glory=L'arma della gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_2=Race 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_Soldiers_(film)=The Virgin Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Up,_Virgin_Soldiers=Stand Up, Virgin Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Golder_(film)=La beffa della vita (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_SpongeBob_Movie:_Sponge_Out_of_Water=SpongeBob - Fuori dall'acqua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1:_Nenokkadine=1: Nenokkadine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_vs._The_Elite=Superman vs. The Elite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raanjhanaa=Raanjhanaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_Racket=Il club delle donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fairly_Odd_Christmas=Un Fanta Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parental_Guidance_(film)=Parental Guidance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curriculum_Vitae_(film)=Curriculum vitae (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hook_Summer=Red Hook Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_2=Rio 2 - Missione Amazzonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_McKlusky,_C.I.=Frank McKlusky, C.I.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_cannibali=I cannibali (film 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oblivion_(2013_film)=Oblivion (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Resident_of_the_City=A Resident of the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whisperer_in_Darkness_(film)=The Whisperer in Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Ending_Story_(film)=Never Ending Story (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin,_the_Copts_and_Me=La Vièrge, les Coptes et moi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Matter_(film)=Matière grise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_for_Sale=Mort à vendre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakshmi_(2013_film)=Lakshmi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamui_Gaiden=Kamui Gaiden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_and_Run_(2012_film)=Hit and Run (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidnapped_(1948_film)=La volpe rossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Michael=Michael mio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Remarkable_Andrew=The Remarkable Andrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Weiwei:_Never_Sorry=Ai Weiwei: Never Sorry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cop_(1928_film)=The Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sal_of_Singapore=Sal of Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyscraper_(1928_film)=Grattacieli (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leatherneck=Tutti per uno (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Men_Work=Why Men Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mermaids:_The_Body_Found=Sirene - Il mistero svelato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lass_of_the_Lumberlands=A Lass of the Lumberlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbound_(2011_film)=Ossakhan yeon-ae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Mutant_Ninja_Turtles_(2014_film)=Tartarughe Ninja (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_Progress=Surviving Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sin_Woman=The Sin Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tiger_and_the_Pussycat=Il tigre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Funny_Can_Sex_Be%3F=Sessomatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Fury=Furia nel deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Romance=L'uomo venuto da lontano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badman's_Territory=La terra dei senza legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doom=Osinda, vizio e peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.C.O.D.=A.C.O.D. - Adulti complessati originati da divorzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oki's_Movie=Oki's Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_My_Dreams_(film)=Mina drömmars stad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrivano_i_bersaglieri=Arrivano i bersaglieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basta_che_non_si_sappia_in_giro=Basta che non si sappia in giro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faustina_(1968_film)=Faustina (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidi_and_Peter=Heidi torna a casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidi_(1952_film)=Son tornata per te
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Snowball_Tree=Viburno rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hangover_Part_III=Una notte da leoni 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jobs_(film)=Jobs (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_ABCs_of_Death=The ABCs of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_(2013_film)=Lo sguardo di Satana - Carrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_Plan_(film)=Escape Plan - Fuga dall'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrong_(film)=Wrong (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_the_Boom=Colpi da maestro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headhunters_(film)=Headhunters - Il cacciatore di teste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Respectable_Life=Ett anständigt liv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susie_Snowflake=Susie Snowflake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Your_Darlings_(2013_film)=Giovani ribelli - Kill Your Darlings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Red_Cross_Pageant=National Red Cross Pageant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_House_(film)=Nella casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Doll's_House_(1922_film)=Casa di bambola (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M_Cream=M Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubens_(film)=Rubens, schilder en diplomaat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Few_Days_of_Respite=Quelques jours de répit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Habit_of_Happiness=Doug è uno scervellato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paperboy_(2012_film)=The Paperboy (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Stay=Aprire porte e finestre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_Intentions=Las malas intenciones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Racers=Killico, il pilota nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Acacias_(film)=Las acacias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bullet_for_Pretty_Boy=Un proiettile per Pretty Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Take-Away=Cosa piove dal cielo?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinister_(film)=Sinister (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairy_Tail_the_Movie:_Phoenix_Priestess=Gekijōban Fairy Tail: Hōō no miko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_in_the_Dust_(2003_film)=Dancing in the Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sawdust_Ring=The Sawdust Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Run_(film)=Thunder Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranded_(1916_drama_film)=Stranded (film 1916 Ingraham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Cat:_The_Movie=Top Cat - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_North_Begins=Where the North Begins (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Harp_in_Hock=A Harp in Hock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Testament_(film)=Il vecchio testamento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_the_Tiger=El año del tigre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_(2013_film)=Rush (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_the_Fleet=L'incrociatore misterioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulysses_(2011_film)=Ulises (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porfirio_(film)=Porfirio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harjaee=Harjaee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koko_and_the_Ghosts=Koko i duhovi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smile_(2009_film)=Smile (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Hall_(film)=Sinfonie eterne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_Woman_(2013_film)=The Invisible Woman (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vysotsky._Thank_You_For_Being_Alive=Vysockij. Spasibo, čto živoj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Furnace=Il fuoco della vendetta - Out of the Furnace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flu_(film)=The Flu - Il contagio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promised_Land_(2012_film)=Promised Land (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indie_Game:_The_Movie=Indie Game: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Johnny_Lingo=La leggenda di Johnny Lingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donkey_Xote=Donkey Xote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nightmare=Le cauchemar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romantics_Anonymous=Emotivi anonimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Luck_(1925_film)=La misteriosa avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_Masks=The City of Masks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_Man_(1923_film)=The Bad Man (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_and_the_Pirate=Il principe e il pirata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_with_Stars_and_Stripes=La mia vita a stelle e strisce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Another_Country_(film)=In Another Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Fog=Anime nella nebbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Hills=Oltre le colline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mud_(2012_film)=Mud (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perez_Family=La famiglia Perez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppet_Master_X:_Axis_Rising=Puppet Master X: Axis Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witch's_Curse=Maciste all'inferno (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Castle_(1897_French_film)=Le château hanté
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Surrender_of_Tournavos=La prise de Tournavos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Calais_and_Dover=Entre Calais et Douvres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bewitched_Inn=L'auberge ensorcelée
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Ball_(1897_film)=Après le bal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viola_Kisses_Everybody=Viola bacia tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucignolo=Lucignolo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un'estate_al_mare=Un'estate al mare (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoletans=Napoletans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Home_Gori=Benvenuti in casa Gori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byzantium_(film)=Byzantium (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antiviral_(film)=Antiviral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_grand_soir_(film)=Le grand soir (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise:_Love=Paradise: Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Anyways=Laurence Anyways e il desiderio di una donna...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Children=À perdre la raison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Elephant_(2012_film)=Elefante blanco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Sister's_Sister=Your Sister's Sister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_Decisions=Boxe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadfall_(2012_film)=Legami di sangue - Deadfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divers_at_Work_on_the_Wreck_of_the_%22Maine%22=Visite sous-marine du Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11:25_The_Day_He_Chose_His_Own_Fate=25/11 Il giorno dell'autodeterminazione - Mishima e i giovani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beasts_of_the_Southern_Wild=Re della terra selvaggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yessongs_(film)=Yessongs (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Sparks=Ruby Sparks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Maisie_Knew_(film)=Quel che sapeva Maisie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Knight=Le chevalier mystère
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pillar_of_Fire=La danse du feu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_in_a_Convent=Le diable au couvent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Up-to-Date_Conjuror=L'illusionniste fin-de-siècle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dreyfus_Affair_(film_series)=L'Affaire Dreyfus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Home_Gori=Ritorno a casa Gori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Piece_Film:_Z=One Piece Film: Z
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kai_Po_Che!=Kai Po Che!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Our_Desires=Tutti i nostri desideri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebellion_(2011_film)=Rebellion - Un atto di guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_(2011_film)=Présumé coupable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Millionenspiel=Das Millionenspiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyde_Park_on_Hudson=A Royal Weekend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Painting=La tela animata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_How_They_Dance=Voyez comme ils dansent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_(2012_film)=Reality (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Battle_(film)=After the Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunt_(2012_film)=Il sospetto (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_237=Room 237
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_&_Celestine=Ernest & Celestine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_We_and_the_I=The We and the I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_(2012_film)=No - I giorni dell'arcobaleno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Corn:_Genesis=Children of the Corn: Genesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalna_(film)=Jalna (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Spider-Man_2=The Amazing Spider-Man 2 - Il potere di Electro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smurfs_2=I Puffi 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_vs._Monster=Girl vs. Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_Me_On,_Dammit!=Få meg på, for faen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2061:_An_Exceptional_Year=2061 - Un anno eccezionale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Railway_Man_(film)=Le due vie del destino - The Railway Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tree_of_Knowledge_(1920_film)=The Tree of Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secretly,_Greatly=Eunmilhage widaehage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Collision=Air Collision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Rewinds=Camille redouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Across_the_Street=La notte di fronte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Mistress=L'amante di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_(1950_film)=Più forte dell'odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Mountain_(film)=La montagna dei sette falchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Legion=La legione del Sahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plan_B_(2009_film)=Plan B - Piano B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicky_and_the_Treasure_of_the_Gods=Vicky e il tesoro degli dei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orphans_(1998_film)=Orphans (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David's_Birthday=Il compleanno (film 2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_(2011_film)=Be omid e didar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adult_World=Adult World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fish_Story_(film)=Fish Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydra_(film)=Hydra - L'isola del mistero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilly_the_Witch:_The_Journey_to_Mandolan=Maga Martina 2 - Viaggio in India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_You_See_Me_(film)=Now You See Me - I maghi del crimine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_in_the_Fog=The Face in the Fog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_at_Midnight=Paris at Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_House_(2014_film)=Dark House (film 2014)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mood_Indigo_(film)=Mood Indigo - La schiuma dei giorni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/300:_Rise_of_an_Empire=300 - L'alba di un impero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sowers=The Sowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Beach_Movie=Teen Beach Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kueki_Ressha=Kueki ressha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Sin=The Secret Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfair_World=Adikos kosmos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ragamuffin=The Ragamuffin (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evil_Eye_(1917_film)=The Evil Eye (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Moon_in_Blue_Water=L'ultima luna d'agosto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Only_Thrill=Amori sospesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Opinion_(1916_film)=Public Opinion (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridin'_on_a_Rainbow=Ridin' on a Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_Watch=End of Watch - Tolleranza zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whirlpool_(1934_film)=Vortice (film 1934)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doodh_Ka_Karz=Doodh Ka Karz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Dinosaur=Il viaggio di Arlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lines_of_Wellington=Linhas de Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_(film)=La donna del ranchero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Isle_of_Lost_Ships_(1929_film)=Nel Mar dei Sargassi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Rose_(1923_film)=Tiger Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_sogno_del_maratoneta=Il sogno del maratoneta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagan_Love_Song=Canzone pagana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakthrough_(1950_film)=Normandia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_from_the_Filling_Station_(1930_film)=La sirenetta dell'autostrada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_of_Belle_Isle=The Magic of Belle Isle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Music=Assedio d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_(1951_film)=Teresa (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_Who_Was_a_Thief=Il principe ladro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Man_(1951_film)=L'uomo di ferro (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_Raiders=I predoni del Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smuggler's_Island=Hong Kong (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ECupid=ECupid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_and_the_Pauper_(1920_film)=Sua Maestà il re degli straccioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Recta_Provincia=La recta provincia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toy_Tiger=Il tigrotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deported_(film)=Il deportato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flame_of_Araby=Jeff, lo sceicco ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sign_of_the_Pagan=Il re dei barbari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Takes_a_Chance=Anita no perd el tren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heads_Up,_Charley=Kopf hoch, Charly!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugles_in_the_Afternoon=Squilli al tramonto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_Angel=L'angelo scarlatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untamed_Frontier=La frontiera indomita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cimarron_Kid=L'ultimo fuorilegge (film 1952)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flaming_Feather=La cavalcata dei diavoli rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane_Smith_(1952_film)=I pirati della Croce del Sud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Blue_Yonder_(1951_film)=Nagasaki (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabiola_(1918_film)=Fabiola (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Wants_No_Children=La signora che non vuole bambini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_(1916_film)=Audrey (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meddling_Women=Meddling Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Reconciled=Non riconciliati, o solo violenza aiuta, dove violenza regna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Brother_the_Devil=My Brother the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Honor_(2013_film)=Love and Honor (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin's_Day=L'avventura di Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea_Texas=Noordzee, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_(1931_film)=Die andere Seite (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Heroes_and_Gay_Nazis=Männer, Helden, schwule Nazis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowpiercer=Snowpiercer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promeny=Promeny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machete_Kills=Machete Kills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secrets_(film)=The Secrets - Segreti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_Me_Away=Wish Me Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Wonder=To the Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heads_or_Tails_(1997_film)=J'en suis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Nicholas=Il piccolo Nicolas e i suoi genitori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stolen_Bride_(1927_film)=Il capitano degli Ussari (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Lily=Giglio imperiale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_God=Hello God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_of_the_Saddle=Rhythm of the Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Squall=The Squall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Private_Life=Donna senza amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_and_Fall_of_Legs_Diamond=Jack Diamond gangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Gold=La valle dei lunghi coltelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossed_Swords_(1954_film)=Il maestro di Don Giovanni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilacs_in_the_Spring=Le armi del re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Boodle=I falsari di Cuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_Everywhere=Il bel contrabbandiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_Broken_Cameras=5 Broken Cameras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Midnight_Game=The Midnight Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sole_nudo=Sole nudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Jungle_(2013_film)=Benvenuti nella giungla (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svengali_(1927_film)=Il dominio delle tenebre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Wind=Succhiami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatfields_&_McCoys_(miniseries)=Hatfields & McCoys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cowboy_and_the_Lady_(1922_film)=The Cowboy and the Lady (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cowboy_and_the_Lady_(1915_film)=The Cowboy and the Lady (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grown_Ups_2=Un weekend da bamboccioni 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Cross_(film)=Alex Cross - La memoria del killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4th_Period_Mystery=4gyosi churi-yeong-yeok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Your_Servant%3F=Who's Your Servant?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horses_of_God=Les Chevaux de Dieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nightingale_(1914_film)=The Nightingale (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Sarajevo=Buon anno Sarajevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama_(2013_film)=La madre (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_of_Pleasure=A Woman of Pleasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taken_2=Taken - La vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Won't_Back_Down_(film)=Una scuola per Malia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Possession=The Possession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volga_rebels=I ribelli del Volga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renoir_(film)=Renoir (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Lucia=Después de Lucía
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Glory=Codice d'onore (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kid_from_Texas=Bill il sanguinario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_(film)=Sierra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Column_South=Il tenente dinamite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_in_My_Corner=I gangster del ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cast_a_Long_Shadow=Fermati, cow boy!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Black_Horses=Apache in agguato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showdown_(1963_film)=Il collare di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunfight_at_Comanche_Creek=Sfida nella valle dei Comanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quick_Gun=Pistola veloce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_for_a_Badman=Una pallottola per un fuorilegge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Rifles=Tamburi ad ovest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Raiders=I pistoleri maledetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunpoint_(film)=Pistole roventi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_for_Dying=A Time for Dying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Roses_of_Ravensberg_(1929_film)=Die weißen Rosen von Ravensberg (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Island_(1918_film)=Treasure Island (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_in_Montevideo_(1951_film)=L'eredità della zia d'America (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Calm_(film)=La tranquillità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huckleberry_Finn_(1920_film)=Huckleberry Finn (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longest_Daycare=The Longest Daycare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabi_(film)=Gabi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jackson:_The_Life_of_an_Icon=The Life of an Icon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ancient_Law=La vecchia legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Child_and_the_Pope=Angelino e il Papa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_(1953_film)=Contrabbandieri a Macao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Dark_(film)=Bolide rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Purple_Mask=La maschera di porpora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rawhide_Years=I corsari del grande fiume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Square_Jungle=La giungla del quadrato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_My_Way_to_the_Crusades,_I_Met_a_Girl_Who...=La cintura di castità (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_and_Bertram_(1915_film)=Robert und Bertram, die lustigen Vagabunden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_of_the_Tertia_(1952_film)=Der Kampf der Tertia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrong_Turn_5:_Bloodlines=Wrong Turn 5 - Bagno di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loves_of_Pharaoh=Theonis, la donna dei faraoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_(1917_film)=Furcht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriage_of_Luise_Rohrbach=Die Ehe der Luise Rohrbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imprisoned_Soul=Gefangene Seele (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countess_Kitchenmaid=Gräfin Küchenfee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Gunpoint=Gunpoint: terra che scotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Ties_(2013_film)=Blood Ties - La legge del sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_of_the_Water_Tower=West of the Water Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorman_2:_The_Legend_Continues=Anchorman 2 - Fotti la notizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_(2012_film)=Maniac (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robber_Bride_(film)=La fidanzata del bandito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Boys=House of Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nude_per_l'assassino=Nude per l'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frau_Eva=Frau Eva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canned_Bride=Die Konservenbraut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_You_(film)=Io e te (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_America_II:_Death_Too_Soon=Captain America II: Death Too Soon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooked_Arrows=Crooked Arrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidnapped_(1917_film)=Kidnapped (film 1917 Crosland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman's_Revenge_(1921_film)=Die Rache einer Frau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie:_The_Princess_&_the_Popstar=Barbie - La principessa e la popstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Sisters_(1930_film)=The Three Sisters (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Capone_(film)=Al Capone (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angst_(1928_film)=Angst (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeeFood=Seafood - Un pesce fuor d'acqua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Double_(2013_film)=Il sosia - The Double
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranded_(2002_film)=Lost - Dispersi nell'oceano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mistress_(1927_film)=Passione principesca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Fonte_des_neiges=La Fonte des neiges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ryan_White_Story=Il tempo di vivere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wasp_Woman_(1995_film)=The Wasp Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_Signal_(film)=Segnale di fumo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tall_Man_Riding=Terra infuocata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Many_Rivers_to_Cross_(film)=Un napoletano nel Far West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Lady_in_Town=La straniera (film 1955)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_Queen_Isabeau=La notte della regina Isabella di Francia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guardsman_(1925_film)=L'ufficiale della Guardia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_foto_proibite_di_una_signora_per_bene=Le foto proibite di una signora per bene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_(2013_film)=Epic - Il mondo segreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aftershock_(2012_film)=Aftershock (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Heidelberg_(1923_film)=Alt Heidelberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prinz_Louis_Ferdinand=Prinz Louis Ferdinand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Climbers_(1919_film)=The Climbers (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Pay_(1922_film)=Back Pay (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folly_of_Love=Amore contrastato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yellow_Passport=The Yellow Passport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunger_Games:_Catching_Fire=Hunger Games: La ragazza di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass_Effect:_Paragon_Lost=Mass Effect: Paragon Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mata_Hari_(1927_film)=Mata Hari (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islands_(film)=Isole (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_White_and_the_Huntsman=Biancaneve e il cacciatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Tell_(1923_film)=Wilhelm Tell (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tur_&_retur=Martin e Julia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Lady_(1969_film)=La donna scarlatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Water_(film)=Holy Water (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_fils_du_vent=The Great Challenge - I figli del vento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Sky_(film)=I falchi del fiume giallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_in_Cell_No._7=7beonbang-ui seonmul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamasutra_3D=Kamasutra 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixed_Kebab=Mixed Kebab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Monica_Velour=Monica Velour - Il grande sogno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buried_Alive_(1990_TV_film)=Strategia di una vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardami=Guardami (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merchant_of_Venice_(1923_film)=Il mercante di Venezia (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moana_(miniseries)=Moana (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_German_Robinson_Crusoe=L'incrociatore Dresda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Twist_(1919_film)=Oliver Twist (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Madman=Sola... in quella casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benvenuti_al_Nord=Benvenuti al Nord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_Love_(film)=The Power of Love (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Billi=Sir Billi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_War=The Invisible War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Miranda:_Bananas_is_My_Business=Carmen Miranda: Bananas Is My Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_and_Diamonds=Diamanti sporchi di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_First,_Die_Later=Il poliziotto è marcio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Killer_in_the_Family=Un assassino in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lore_(film)=Lore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buried_Alive_II=Morte apparente (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun_for_a_Coward=Una pistola per un vile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interlude_(1957_film)=Interludio (film 1957)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctimony_(film)=Sanctimony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Better_Way_to_Die=Un gran giorno per morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_(2014_film)=Godzilla (film 2014)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabid_Dogs=Cani arrabbiati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_Blood_(film)=Gli orrori del castello di Norimberga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fightgirl_Ayse=Fighter (film 2007)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Avalanche=Prince Avalanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_and_the_Mouse_(1919_film)=The Lion and the Mouse (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spark_Divine=The Spark Divine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Midnight_Message=The Midnight Message (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Imposter_(2012_film)=L'impostore - The Imposter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Fish,_Strange_Pond=Little Fish, Strange Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maleficent_(film)=Maleficent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pact_(2012_film)=The Pact (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Top_Scooby-Doo!=Scooby-Doo! ed il mistero del circo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_from_Nothing:_The_Art_of_Rap=The Art of Rap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RoboCop_(2014_film)=RoboCop (film 2014)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_a_Good_Time,_Call...=Le squillo della porta accanto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_&_Frank=Robot & Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tammy_Tell_Me_True=Dimmi la verità (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tammy_and_the_Doctor=Il sole nella stanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monitor_(film)=Babycall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shield_for_Murder=Il colpevole è fra noi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_of_the_Demon_Lover=Il castello dalle porte di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraterrestrial_(2011_film)=Extraterrestre (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sette_scialli_di_seta_gialla=7 scialli di seta gialla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_morte_accarezza_a_mezzanotte=La morte accarezza a mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Bust_Out=Io monaca... per tre carogne e sette peccatrici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asura_(2012_film)=Ashura (manga)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_Vice_of_Mrs._Wardh=Lo strano vizio della signora Wardh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gnome_Named_Gnorm=Lo gnomo e il poliziotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Grave=Open Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_morte_cammina_con_i_tacchi_alti=La morte cammina con i tacchi alti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_d'appuntamento=Casa d'appuntamento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Redeemer:_Son_of_Satan=The Redeemer: Son of Satan!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Night_of_Glass_Dolls=La corta notte delle bambole di vetro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackie_&_Kanuto=Blackie & Kanuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Walsh_(2003_film)=Monte Walsh - Il nome della giustizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_with_the_King=Una notte con il re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_Haven_(film)=Vicino a te non ho paura (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Tom's_Cabin_(1918_film)=La capanna dello zio Tom (film 1918 Dawley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madso's_War=La guerra di Madso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Carries_a_Cane=Passi di danza su una lama di rasoio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killer_Must_Kill_Again=L'assassino è costretto ad uccidere ancora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolf_of_Wall_Street_(2013_film)=The Wolf of Wall Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathilukal_(film)=Mathilukal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_mazurka_del_barone,_della_santa_e_del_fico_fiorone=La mazurka del barone, della santa e del fico fiorone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrari_(film)=Ferrari (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(2015_film)=Home - A casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Company_Man=A Company Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slingshot_(film)=Colpo di fionda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_My_Dust!=Eat My Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Letters_(1984_film)=Passione fatale (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2:22_(2008_film)=2:22 - La rapina ha inizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror_Night=Terror Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorway_(film)=Motorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celeste_and_Jesse_Forever=Separati innamorati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greening_of_Whitney_Brown=Un nuovo amico per Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Black_Ribbon_for_Deborah=Un fiocco nero per Deborah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strogoff=Michele Strogoff, corriere dello zar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_County_(film)=Madison County (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/42_(film)=42 - La vera storia di una leggenda americana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shun_Li_and_the_Poet=Io sono Li
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Chasse_aux_papillons=Caccia alle farfalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutto_tutto_niente_niente=Tutto tutto niente niente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Belle_of_Broadway=The Belle of Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Son_of_Erin=A Son of Erin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Victory_of_Conscience=The Victory of Conscience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gentleman_of_Leisure_(1915_film)=A Gentleman of Leisure (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scugnizzi=Scugnizzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crucible_(1914_film)=The Crucible (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compliance_(film)=Compliance (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thy_Womb=Thy Womb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaare_Koogadali=Yaare Koogadali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Misfortunes_of_an_Explorer=Infortunes d'un explorateur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One-Man_Band=L'homme-orchestre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rajah's_Dream=Le Rêve du radjah ou la Forêt enchantée
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Far_Call=Il richiamo della terra (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_generale_dorme_in_piedi=Il generale dorme in piedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Journal=Gran bollito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_of_Fortune_(1976_film)=Il soldato di ventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taking_of_Tiger_Mountain=Tiger Mountain 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reluctant_Fundamentalist_(film)=Il fondamentalista riluttante (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_Tai_Chi=Man of Tai Chi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World's_Applause=Gli applausi del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moonstone_(1909_film)=The Moonstone (film 1909)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_(film)=Diana - La storia segreta di Lady D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Ties_(1986_film)=Il cugino americano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moonstone_(1915_film)=The Moonstone (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flame_of_the_Yukon_(1917_film)=The Flame of the Yukon (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraemon:_Nobita's_the_Night_Before_a_Wedding=Doraemon: Nobita no kekkon zen'ya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_and_Armour=I paladini: storia d'armi e d'amori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oogieloves_in_the_Big_Balloon_Adventure=The Oogieloves in the Big Balloon Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_William_Tell=William Tell (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Images_of_Liberation=Befrielsesbilleder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_and_Prodigious_T.S._Spivet=Lo straordinario viaggio di T.S. Spivet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cela_s'appelle_l'aurore=Gli amanti di domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eddie_Cantor_Story=The Eddie Cantor Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_but_Dangerous=La donna più bella del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amori_miei=Amori miei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loosies=L'amore non è un crimine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Small_Voice=Strada senza ritorno (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_Secrets=Segreti segreti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Hope_It's_a_Girl=Speriamo che sia femmina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Home_and_Meet_My_Wife=Romanzo popolare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inquiry_(1986_film)=L'inchiesta (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canyons_(film)=The Canyons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertoldo,_Bertoldino_e_Cacasenno=Bertoldo, Bertoldino e Cacasenno (film 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Behind_the_Gun=La meticcia di Sacramento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Back_on_Broadway=Virginia, dieci in amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Scoutmaster=Allegri esploratori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricomincio_da_tre=Ricomincio da tre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clown_(1953_film)=Il pagliaccio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_I_Have_Is_Yours_(film)=La ragazza della domenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Me_at_the_Fair=Incontriamoci alla fiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lone_Hand_(1953_film)=Il complice segreto (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Canyon_(1953_film)=L'inferno di Yuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_Among_the_Sheltering_Palms_(film)=Down Among the Sheltering Palms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'assoluto_naturale=L'assoluto naturale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_to_Town=Portami in città
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderbirds_(1952_film)=Aquile tonanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'amore_fa_male=L'amore fa male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Michael_Had_a_Rooster=San Michele aveva un gallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Girls_Don't_Cry=La notte brava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_for_Lionhearts=Un giorno da leoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_from_Parma=La parmigiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scusate_il_ritardo=Scusate il ritardo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_marito=Il marito (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Affairs_(1987_film)=Ti presento un'amica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_West_(1951_film)=El gringo (film 1951)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilles'_Wife=La donna di Gilles (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranormal_Xperience_3D=Paranormal Xperience 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Sushi=Dead Sushi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Mortem_(2010_film)=Post Mortem (film 2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_Rhapsody:_Queen_Live_in_Budapest=Hungarian Rhapsody: Live in Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_in_the_Daylight=Incubo dal passato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forced_Entry_(1973_film)=Forced Entry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outcast_(1928_film)=Crepuscolo d'amore (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heat_(film)=Corpi da reato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pianoforte_(film)=Pianoforte (film 1984)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Night=Notte italiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_a_Roman_Balcony=La giornata balorda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Bisbetico_Domato=Il bisbetico domato (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madamigella_di_Maupin=Madamigella di Maupin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tale_of_Two_Worlds=Storia di due mondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Desire=La voglia matta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goal!_Goal!_Goal!!=The Doraemons: Goal! Goal! Goal!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voltati_Eugenio=Voltati Eugenio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_Cry_of_Peace=L'invasione degli Stati Uniti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Land=Orizzonti lontani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tears_of_Steel=Tears of Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranoia_(2013_film)=Il potere dei soldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_of_Dracula=Blood of Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piazza_Fontana:_The_Italian_Conspiracy=Romanzo di una strage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Casanova:_Childhood_and_Adolescence=Infanzia, vocazione e prime esperienze di Giacomo Casanova, veneziano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Max:_Fury_Road=Mad Max: Fury Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Wife_(film)=La mia signora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Youngest_Son=Il figlio più piccolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_the_Sea_in_Ships_(1949_film)=Naviganti coraggiosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OSS_117_Is_Not_Dead=O.S.S. 117 non è morto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_Battle_of_Gods=Dragon Ball Z - La battaglia degli dei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_'47=Liebe 47
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_America:_The_Winter_Soldier=Captain America: The Winter Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bunny_Game=The Bunny Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Key_(1983_film)=La chiave (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madly_in_Love=Innamorato pazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardians_of_the_Galaxy_(film)=Guardiani della Galassia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Punisher:_Dirty_Laundry=The Punisher: Dirty Laundry (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalingrad_(2013_film)=Stalingrad (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Gringo=El gringo (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Before_the_Night_Before_Christmas=La notte prima della notte di Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lifeguard=The Lifeguard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maybe_It's_Love=Maybe It's Love (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divergent_(film)=Divergent (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ant-Man_(film)=Ant-Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bling_Ring=Bling Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branded_(2012_film)=Il marchio di sangue (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Star_(1996_film)=Duello tra i ghiacci - North Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindstorm_(film)=Mindstorm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Come_the_Nelsons=Here Come the Nelsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostino_(film)=Agostino (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pareh=Pareh - Il canto della risaia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_on_Journey=Ren zai jiong tu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violent_Rome=Roma violenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearless_(1978_film)=Poliziotto senza paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dying_Detective_(film)=The Dying Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_Racer=Poliziotto sprint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rebel_(1980_Italian_film)=Poliziotto solitudine e rabbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve's_Secret=Eve's Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_commissario_di_ferro=Il commissario di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poker_House=The Poker House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Shot=La legge violenta della squadra anticrimine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Shoots_First=Mark il poliziotto spara per primo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Women_for_the_Killer=5 donne per l'assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assunta_Spina_(1930_film)=Assunta Spina (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerone_(1930_film)=Nerone (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_(2014_film)=Noah (film 2014)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigade_antigangs=Pattuglia anti gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razzia_sur_la_chnouf=La grande razzia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crisis_(1916_film)=The Crisis (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_&_Diane_(film)=Jack and Diane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Glimpse_Inside_the_Mind_of_Charles_Swan_III=A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charles Swan III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_in_the_Air_(2012_film)=Qualcosa nell'aria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dormant_Beauty=Bella addormentata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthropophagous_2000=Antropophagus 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Je_suis_un_sentimental=Sono un sentimentale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gamble_(1988_film)=La partita (film 1988)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Robots_(film)=La guerra dei robot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Season_(film)=La quinta stagione (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fill_the_Void=La sposa promessa (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Was_the_Son=È stato il figlio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_giorno_speciale=Un giorno speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_(2012_film)=Passion (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tip_on_a_Dead_Jockey=Contrabbando sul Mediterraneo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Joe_(film)=Crazy Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody_Walks=Nobody Walks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunchback_of_Rome=Il gobbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Outrage=Outrage Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Celestina_P..._R...=La Celestina P... R...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unguarded_Moment_(film)=L'uomo nell'ombra (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21_Hours_at_Munich=21 ore a Monaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searching_for_Sugar_Man=Searching for Sugar Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_March_(film)=Marcia trionfale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Blues=Forever Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varietease=Varietease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergeant_Murphy=Sergeant Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Wedding=Big Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Meets_Girl_(1938_film)=Boy Meets Girl (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_dramma_borghese=Un dramma borghese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Repenter=Il pentito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LD_50_Lethal_Dose=LD 50 Lethal Dose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Colors_of_the_Dark=Tutti i colori del buio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamant_13=Diamond 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_Magic=Miss Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Deadly_Mission=L'ultima missione (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Bells=Messico in fiamme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Bells_II=I dieci giorni che sconvolsero il mondo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Today,_Die_Tomorrow!=Vivi oggi, muori domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_with_a_Smile_II=Spogliamoci così, senza pudor...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Men:_Days_of_Future_Past=X-Men - Giorni di un futuro passato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Counselor=The Counselor - Il procuratore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Babymakers=Provetta d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Time_Movie=Big Time Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Internship=Gli stagisti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue-Eyed_Bandit=Il bandito dagli occhi azzurri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shield_of_Straw=Proteggi l'assassino - Shield of Straw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor's_Secret=Nat e il segreto di Eleonora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Fang_to_the_Rescue=Zanna Bianca alla riscossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Fang_and_the_Hunter=Zanna Bianca e il cacciatore solitario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libero_Burro=Libero Burro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstar_(2012_film)=Superstar (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise:_Faith=Paradise: Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betrayal_(2012_film)=Betrayal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Turin=Torino nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_Unseen=Abuso di potere (film 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stunt_Squad=La polizia è sconfitta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleazy_Uncle=Lo zio indegno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatfoot_(film)=Piedone lo sbirro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drag_Harlan=Drag Harlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Execution_Squad=La polizia ringrazia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Cord_(film)=The Silver Cord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Colonels=I due colonnelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letto_a_tre_piazze=Letto a tre piazze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Soldier=Juese wuqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cop_in_Blue_Jeans=Squadra antiscippo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trade_of_Innocents=Trade of Innocents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffy's_Rhapsody=Daffy's Rhapsody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puzzle_(1974_film)=L'uomo senza memoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Terminator=Top Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Creatures_(2013_film)=Beautiful Creatures - La sedicesima luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Have_They_Done_to_Your_Daughters%3F=La polizia chiede aiuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunted_City=Sbirro, la tua legge è lenta... la mia... no!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Police_Serve_the_Citizens%3F=La polizia è al servizio del cittadino?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gang_War_in_Milan=Milano rovente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Bitch=Si può essere più bastardi dell'ispettore Cliff?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Adventure_in_Space_and_Time=Un'avventura nello spazio e nel tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Pirates=La vendetta del corsaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partysaurus_Rex=Non c'è festa senza Rex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Desperate_Hours=Milano: il clan dei calabresi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempest_(1958_film)=La tempesta (film 1958)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'amante_di_Gramigna=L'amante di Gramigna (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okay,_America!=La scomparsa di miss Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senza_sapere_niente_di_lei=Senza sapere niente di lei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amore_amaro=Amore amaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck_in_Orange_Sauce=L'anatra all'arancia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immacolata_and_Concetta:_The_Other_Jealousy=Immacolata e Concetta, l'altra gelosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Christmas..._Happy_New_Year=Buon Natale... buon anno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Io_e_mia_sorella=Io e mia sorella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Escondido_(film)=Puerto Escondido (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Wonderful_Evening_of_My_Life=La più bella serata della mia vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPD_Psycho_(miniseries)=MPD Psycho (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Gramsci:_The_Days_of_Prison=Antonio Gramsci - I giorni del carcere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Kingdom_of_Oil_and_Millions=V carstve nefti i millionov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Primitive_Lover=Due mondi (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Symbol_of_the_Unconquered=The Symbol of the Unconquered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romantic_Heaven=Romantic Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catene_(1974_film)=Catene (film 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceddo=Ceddo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Childhood_of_Maxim_Gorky=L'infanzia di Gor'kij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Jackson:_Sea_of_Monsters=Percy Jackson e gli dei dell'Olimpo - Il mare dei mostri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terang_Boelan=Terang Boelan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smashed_(film)=Smashed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Who_Wear_Glasses=Quelli con gli occhiali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dukh_Sukh=Dukh Sukh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Path_Through_Fire=Nessun orizzonte oltre il fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilika=Lilika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujo_(film)=Mujo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_liceale_nella_classe_dei_ripetenti=La liceale nella classe dei ripetenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Seduce_Your_Teacher=La liceale seduce i professori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rencontre_avec_le_dragon=Rencontre avec le dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Agnes_Chose_to_Die=L'Agnese va a morire (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mignon_Has_Come_to_Stay=Mignon è partita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inner_Shrine=The Inner Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Not_Man_Put_Asunder=Le catene del cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Attack_3=Shark Attack 3: Emergenza squali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebeard's_Seven_Wives=Bluebeard's Seven Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Mr._Banks=Saving Mr. Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Knot_(film)=Devil's Knot - Fino a prova contraria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romantic_Island=Romantic Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forbidden_Education=L'educazione proibita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Werewolf_Boy=Neukdae sonyeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Chihuahua_3:_Viva_la_Fiesta!=Beverly Hills Chihuahua 3: Viva La Fiesta!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bullet_Is_Waiting=Proiettile in canna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaze_of_Noon=Bagliore a mezzogiorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_(1947_film)=Vecchia California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_from_Moscow=La dama di Mosca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_Island_(1994_film)=Dinosaur Island (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Point_of_Death=In punto di morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Road=Private Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Znaki_na_drodze=Znaky na drodze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Cage_aux_Folles_3:_The_Wedding=Matrimonio con vizietto (Il vizietto III)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iddarammayilatho=Iddarammayilatho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_(1941_film)=Virginia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Mrs._McChesney=Our Mrs. McChesney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Paso_(film)=El Paso (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Decade_Under_the_Influence_(film)=A Decade Under the Influence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spendthrift_(film)=Il dissipatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Vegas=Last Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kon-Tiki_(2012_film)=Kon-Tiki (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranded_(1935_film)=Il ponte (film 1935)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circuitry_Man=L'androide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Mountain_Mystery=Rocky Mountain Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis:_The_Creation_and_the_Flood=Genesi: La creazione e il diluvio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_coltello_di_ghiaccio=Il coltello di ghiaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eraserhead=Eraserhead - La mente che cancella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellgate_(1952_film)=Hellgate - Il grande inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Hawk=Fuoco a Cartagena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flat_Top_(film)=Flat Top (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Hand_(1950_film)=La legge del silenzio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Conspirator=Miss Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Person_(film)=La regina di Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario's_War=La guerra di Mario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butler=The Butler - Un maggiordomo alla Casa Bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirque_du_Soleil:_Worlds_Away=Cirque du Soleil 3D: Mondi lontani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_White_Trail=The Great White Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Lie=La bugia muta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rage_(2008_film)=La rabbia (film 2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_on_Our_Skin=Il sale sulla pelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Juanita_Castro=The Life of Juanita Castro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasputin_(2011_film)=Rasputin (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_(film)=Hans (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unconditional_(film)=Unconditional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Either_Way_(film)=Á Annan Veg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Who_Dance=Those Who Dance (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanters=The Wanters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvation_Nell_(1921_film)=Salvation Nell (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracy_(1930_film)=Conspiracy (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_profeta=Il profeta (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh,_Serafina!=Oh, Serafina!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Who_Dance_(1924_film)=L'agguato (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Hardy's_Double_Life=La doppia vita di Andy Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stories_We_Tell=Stories We Tell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identity_Thief=Io sono tu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Act_of_Killing=L'atto di uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dark_Truth=A Dark Truth - Un'oscura verità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_It_as_It_Lays_(film)=Play It As It Lays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mortal_Instruments:_City_of_Bones=Shadowhunters - Città di ossa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_(1927_film)=The American (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_supertestimone=La supertestimone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Have_Coffee_with_Us=Venga a prendere il caffè da noi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Ryan:_Shadow_Recruit=Jack Ryan - L'iniziazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_(film)=Lei (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hobbit:_The_Desolation_of_Smaug=Lo Hobbit - La desolazione di Smaug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Solo=California Solo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pornorama=Pornorama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Vergie_Winters=La donna nell'ombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Knew_Women=He Knew Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Policeman_(film)=Policeman (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_Bait=Bachelor Bait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_Takes_a_Holiday=Sin Takes a Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worst_Week_of_My_Life_(film)=La peggior settimana della mia vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_the_Party_(1937_film)=The Life of the Party (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Say_No=C'è chi dice no (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_(1926_film)=Nei gorghi di New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_from_Another_World_(film)=Cose dell'altro mondo (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escort_in_Love=Nessuno mi può giudicare (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris:_The_Film=Boris - Il film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy!=Scialla! (Stai sereno)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kryptonite!=La kryptonite nella borsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Countryman=Charlie Countryman deve morire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weight_(film)=Muge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Man_(film)=Il primo uomo (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Heart_of_Girls=Il cuore grande delle ragazze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cardboard_Village=Il villaggio di cartone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Morgan's_Last_Love=Mister Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavenly_Body_(film)=Corpo celeste (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longtake=Pianosequenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golem_(film)=Golem (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_Spooky_Games=Scooby-Doo! I giochi del mistero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berberian_Sound_Studio=Berberian Sound Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Men_to_Kill=Tre uomini da abbattere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jewel_(2011_film)=Il gioiellino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smurfs:_A_Christmas_Carol=I Puffi - A Christmas Carol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valentine_Girl=The Valentine Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goose_Girl_(1915_film)=The Goose Girl (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bab's_Burglar=Bab's Burglar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bab_the_Fixer=Bab the Fixer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_To_Do_List=The To Do List - L'estate prima del college
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bab's_Matinee_Idol=Bab's Matinee Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naughty_Flirt=Birichina del gran mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bianco,_rosso_e...=Bianco, rosso e...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kriminal_(film)=Kriminal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Lights_Went_Out=When the Lights Went Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Friend_from_Faro=Mein Freund aus Faro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hobbit:_An_Unexpected_Journey=Lo Hobbit - Un viaggio inaspettato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Allegro=I morti non parlano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loves_of_Letty=The Loves of Letty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_Silent_Men=La città degli uomini silenziosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Jon=Don Jon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someday_(2011_film)=Someday (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_for_Marion=Una canzone per Marion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kauwboy=Kauwboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hypnotist_(2012_film)=L'ipnotista (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Day_Will_Come_(film)=Notre jour viendra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bay_(film)=The Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mile-a-Minute_Kendall=Mile-a-Minute Kendall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebration_Day_(film)=Celebration Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_One_Lives=No One Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Year's_Eve_(1924_film)=Sylvester (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shattered_(1921_film)=La rotaia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Kind_of_Love_(film)=Questa specie d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Schizophrenic_Girl=Diario di una schizofrenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Border_Wireless=Il fuggiasco (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Ounce_of_Courage=Last Ounce of Courage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Girls_Go_Back_Home=Non si scherza con l'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_and_Women_(1925_film)=Men and Women (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(2001_film)=Resurrezione (miniserie televisiva 2001)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_and_Women_(1914_film)=Men and Women (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sky_Hawk=Lotta d'aquile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trail_Guide=Trail Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pistol_Harvest=Pistol Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Glory=Le vie della gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soulless_(film)=Duchless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_of_the_Badlands=Law of the Badlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trail_Street=Frontiere selvagge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Patience_Stone_(film)=Come pietra paziente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Falcon_in_Hollywood=Il Falco a Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lash_(1930_film)=La sferzata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Up_Guys=Uomini di parola (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Late_Quartet=Una fragile armonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_Good_Girls=Very Good Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Manhattan=Paris-Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finally_the_Happiness=Finalmente la felicità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picasso's_Face=Faccia di Picasso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_I_Saw_You_(film)=Quando ti ho visto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bait_3D=Shark 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roekihati=Roekihati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebound_(1931_film)=Rebound (film 1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanishing_Waves=Vanishing Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_I_Must_Be_Going_(2012_film)=Come la prima volta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goats_(film)=Goats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_Daughters_(1956_film)=Runaway Daughters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Girl=Psycus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragstrip_Girl=Dragstrip Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Girl_(2012_film)=Call Girl (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_&_Rosa=Ginger & Rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven_Hawk=Ravenhawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seasoning_House=The Seasoning House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_Born=Venuto al mondo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympus_Has_Fallen=Attacco al potere - Olympus Has Fallen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House_Down=Sotto assedio - White House Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_in_Paris=Matrimonio a Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chef_(film)=Chef (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Carnival_(film)=La reginetta delle nevi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_in_the_Chamber=One in the Chamber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dinosaur_Project=The Lost Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitchcock_(film)=Hitchcock (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huck_and_Tom=Huck and Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edo_Porn=Hokusai Manga (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_and_His_Soul=Man and His Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_and_Juliet_(1916_Metro_Pictures_film)=Romeo and Juliet (film 1916 Noble)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Soldier=Il soldato americano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kick-Ass_2_(film)=Kick-Ass 2 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_West:_Conquering_the_Demons=Journey to the West: Conquering the Demons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wholly_Family=The Wholly Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kiss_for_Corliss=Bella e bugiarda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_Vendetta=Pagoedoen sana-i
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macross_FB_7:_Ore_no_Uta_o_Kike!=Macross FB7: Ore no Uta o Kike!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Bear_(2012_film)=10 Timer til Paradis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Don't_You_Play_in_Hell%3F=Why Don't You Play In Hell?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Is_Lost=All Is Lost - Tutto è perduto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hobbit_(1985_film)=Il viaggio favoloso del Signor Bilbo Baggins, lo Hobbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beethoven's_3rd_(film)=Beethoven 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_Treatment_(1964_film)=Elettroshock (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Faces_of_January_(film)=I due volti di gennaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Remarkable_Mr._Pennypacker=Il molto onorevole Mr. Pennypacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stagecoach_to_Fury=Ostaggi dei banditi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deep_(2012_film)=The Deep (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldplay_Live_2012=Live 2012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Life_(film)=Midnight Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Young_Texans=Tre ragazzi del Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_of_the_Nile=La principessa del Nilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Whip=La frusta d'argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Bad_Men=La città dei fuorilegge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countdown:_Jerusalem=Countdown: Armageddon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Years_a_Slave_(film)=12 anni schiavo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler's_Children_(2011_film)=Hitler's Children (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dressmaker_from_Paris=La regina della moda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blancanieves=Blancanieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Wonderful_Night=One Wonderful Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ace_of_Cads=Asso di cuori (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_the_Balloon_Go=Let the Balloon Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clandestine_Childhood=Infanzia clandestina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awakening_of_Helena_Richie_(film)=The Awakening of Helena Ritchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angriest_Man_in_Brooklyn=90 minuti a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Speed=Quarta velocità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Suppose=Amore in quarantena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Gods=Il demone scintillante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Partner_(1917_film)=The Silent Partner (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Partner_(1923_film)=The Silent Partner (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Language_(1992_film)=La mia nemica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_(1977_film)=California (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto_in_the_Moon=Totò nella luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abducted:_The_Carlina_White_Story=Rapita: il dramma di Carlina White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dancin'_Fool=The Dancin' Fool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Husbands_Only=Preferisco mio marito (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grave_Encounters_2=ESP² - Fenomeni paranormali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter's_Tale_(film)=Storia d'inverno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulzhan=Ulzhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_There_Was=A Woman There Was
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Auction_Block_(1917_film)=The Auction Block (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August:_Osage_County_(film)=I segreti di Osage County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icebreaker_(film)=Minaccia nucleare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_City_(film)=Sound City (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandage_(film)=Bandage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_(2013_film)=Parker (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Fade_Away_(film)=Not Fade Away (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(2013_film)=Tri mušketëra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_(2013_film)=Tarzan (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cruel_Romance=Žestokij romans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambezia_(film)=Zambezia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_State_(2013_film)=Empire State (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snitch_(film)=Snitch - L'infiltrato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Way_(2012_film)=Cloclo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wife_Number_Two=Wife Number Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slave_(1917_drama_film)=The Slave (film 1917 Nigh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_(2012_film)=Broken - Una vita spezzata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Door_(film)=Behind the Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiet_Killer=La morte nera (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_(film)=Le capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_the_Case_(1916_American_film)=The Woman in the Case (film 1916 Ford)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bonded_Woman=The Bonded Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siti_Akbari=Siti Akbari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_(1989_film)=Island (film 1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracks_(2013_film)=Tracks - Attraverso il deserto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl's_Folly=A Girl's Folly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lookalike=Doppia identità (film 1990)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_of_Monaco_(film)=Grace di Monaco (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evidence_(1929_film)=Evidence (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moment_Before=The Moment Before
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_That_Lives=The Love That Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camouflage_(1977_film)=Colori mimetici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catacombs_(1988_film)=Catacombs - La prigione del diavolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djinn_(film)=Djinn (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_a_Maid=The Way of a Maid (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamite_Allen=Dynamite Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/300_Miles_to_Heaven=300 mil do nieba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Graduation=Ghost Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldboy_(2013_film)=Oldboy (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zero_Theorem=The Zero Theorem - Tutto è vanità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_Planet=Eco Planet - Un pianeta da salvare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Striking_Poses=Scatti pericolosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatchaman_(film)=Gatchaman (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Chavez_(film)=Cesar Chavez (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jab_Tak_Hai_Jaan=Jab Tak Hai Jaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsy_Ross_(film)=Betsy Ross (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philly_Kid=Philly Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepless_Night_(2011_film)=Notte bianca (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranson's_Folly_(1915_film)=Ranson's Folly (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paint_and_Powder=Paint and Powder (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pleasure_Seekers_(1920_film)=Il segreto della segretaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_and_Honeysuckle=Moonlight and Honeysuckle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride's_Awakening=The Bride's Awakening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namus_(film)=Namus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gran_Casino=Gran Casino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxcatcher=Foxcatcher - Una storia americana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Time_Goes_By_(1988_film)=L'australieno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emanuelle_in_Bangkok=Emanuelle nera - Orient Reportage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deadliest_Season=Hockey violento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Striped_Trip=La crociera delle tigri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happiness_Never_Comes_Alone=Per fortuna che ci sei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Do_I_Love_Thee%3F=Per grazia rifiutata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evictors=The Evictors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Sleeping_Cops_Lie=Ne réveillez pas un flic qui dort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Trail=The Devil's Trail (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ju-Rei:_The_Uncanny=Ju-Rei: The Uncanny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Birds_(film)=Little Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Guns=Cani sciolti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fable_of_the_Kid_Who_Shifted_His_Ideals_to_Golf_and_Finally_Became_a_Baseball_Fan_and_Took_the_Only_Known_Cure=The Fable of the Kid Who Shifted His Ideals to Golf and Finally Became a Baseball Fan and Took the Only Known Cure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wraith_of_Haddon_Towers=The Wraith of Haddon Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Loveland_Discovers_America=Lord Loveland Discovers America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okay_(film)=Okay (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Eyes=Cold Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fable_of_the_Small_Town_Favorite_Who_Was_Ruined_by_Too_Much_Competition=The Fable of the Small Town Favorite Who Was Ruined by Too Much Competition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Night_(2012_film)=Silent Night (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hoodlum_(1919_film)=Nei bassi fondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulda_from_Holland=Hulda from Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juvenile_Offender=Beomjoe sonyeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Affairs=Shanghai Affairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delicacy_(film)=La delicatezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India:_Matri_Bhumi=India (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Things=Baciate chi vi pare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_of_the_Golden_West_(1930_film)=The Girl of the Golden West (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_25_(film)=Bad 25 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VIP_my_Brother_Superman=Vip - Mio fratello superuomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doina_(film)=Doina (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Eyes_(film)=Tiger Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitaah=Pitaah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omicidio_per_appuntamento=Omicidio per appuntamento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Dead_(2013_film)=La casa (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Turtle's_Tale_2:_Sammy's_Escape_from_Paradise=Sammy 2 - La grande fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Parents=Cari genitori (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_scuola=La scuola (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hot_Flashes=50 anni in rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bottle_in_the_Gaza_Sea=Une bouteille à la mer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/72_Meters=72 metra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto_and_Peppino_Divided_in_Berlin=Totò e Peppino divisi a Berlino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riders_of_the_Purple_Sage_(1918_film)=Riders of the Purple Sage (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_God,_Here_Comes_the_Passatore!=Fuori uno... sotto un altro, arriva il Passatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Longer_17=Lo Bat 17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuntman_(film)=Stuntman (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riders_of_the_Purple_Sage_(1925_film)=Riders of the Purple Sage (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarecrow_(1984_film)=Čučelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Mor'du=La leggenda di Mor'du
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escort_West=Selvaggio west (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tartars=I tartari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Little_Crook_and_Nanny=Mafiosi di mezza tacca e una governante dritta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coast_of_Skeletons=La costa dei barbari (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invitation_to_Hell_(1984_film)=Invito all'inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every-Night_Dreams=Every-Night Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Riesenrad=La grande ruota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Dog=Vampire Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_(2013_film)=Joe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Girls_from_Mars=Bad Girls from Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yolki=Ёlki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Own=Svoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_History=Le idee esplosive di Nathan Flomm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pact_(2003_film)=The Pact (film 2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabotage_(2014_film)=Sabotage (film 2014)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Day_Now_(2012_film)=Any Day Now (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_of_My_Eyes=Luce dei miei occhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Journey_Called_Love=Un viaggio chiamato amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romanzo_di_un_giovane_povero=Romanzo di un giovane povero (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_cambiale=La cambiale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Nikifor=Mój Nikifor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gli_onorevoli=Gli onorevoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angry_Video_Game_Nerd:_The_Movie=Angry Video Game Nerd: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Around_the_Corner_(1921_film)=Just Around the Corner (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Castle_(1960_film)=La ballata dei fantasmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World's_Great_Snare=The World's Great Snare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Goes_A-Wooing=Jane Goes A' Wooing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Buyers_Club=Dallas Buyers Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lover_of_Camille=The Lover of Camille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billions_(film)=La miliardaria (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unsettled_Land=Terra di conquista (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbirds_(1920_film)=Blackbirds (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springsteen_&_I=Springsteen & I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Deceptions=Dolci inganni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lettere_di_una_novizia=Lettere di una novizia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mishap=L'imprevisto (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Juan_in_Sicily=Don Giovanni in Sicilia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thorn_in_the_Heart=Una spina nel cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Favorites_of_the_Moon=I favoriti della luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Man_Who_Read_Love_Stories=Il vecchio che leggeva romanzi d'amore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restless_Years_(film)=Il frutto del peccato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_of_the_Opera_at_the_Royal_Albert_Hall=The Phantom of the Opera at the Royal Albert Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Col_cuore_in_gola=Col cuore in gola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brawn_of_the_North=La valle dei lupi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matchless_(film)=Matchless (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sono_stato_io=Sono stato io! (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You_Eugenio=Ti voglio bene Eugenio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Talk_About_Women=Se permettete parliamo di donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spectator_(film)=La spettatrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_How_We_Women_Are=Noi donne siamo fatte così
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Little_Person=The Big Little Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civilian_Clothes=Civilian Clothes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriage_Maker=Una catena d'oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempted_(film)=Tentazione mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topo_Gigio_and_the_Missile_War=Topo Gigio no botan sensō
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Offer=La migliore offerta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conjuring=L'evocazione - The Conjuring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Phillips_(film)=Captain Phillips - Attacco in mare aperto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Details_(film)=The Details
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendship!=Friendship!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mistle-Tones=Cantando sotto il vischio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_Skies_(film)=Cieli puliti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaya_con_Dios_(film)=Vaya con Dios (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bone_Man=The Bone Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Scenes_(1914_film)=Dietro le quinte (film 1914)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monuments_Men=Monuments Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution's_Child=Amore senza tempo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alf's_Button_(1920_film)=Alf's Button
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Origin=Alien Origin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Richard_Did=Cosa ha fatto Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo's_Island_(film)=L'isola di Arturo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh!_Sabella=La nonna Sabella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_City_(film)=Il re di Poggioreale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Italian_Brigands=I briganti italiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marfa_Girl=Marfa Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tear_This_Heart_Out=Arráncame la vida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Succubus_(film)=Delirium (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_to_Romance=Sogno d'estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion's_Den_(2008_film)=Leonera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rest_Is_Silence_(2007_film)=Restul e tăcere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_and_the_Bomb=Israele e la bomba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boystown_(film)=Chuecatown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Face_(film)=La verità nascosta (film 2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crayon_Shin-chan:_Very_Tasty!_B-class_Gourmet_Survival!!=Crayon Shin-chan - Bakauma! B-kyū Gourmet Survival!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Job_(2013_film)=On the Job (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind_Rises=Si alza il vento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrente_4:_Lethal_Crisis=Il commissario Torrente - Il braccio idiota della legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vulture_(1967_film)=L'avvoltoio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritratto_di_borghesia_in_nero=Ritratto di borghesia in nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_malato_immaginario=Il malato immaginario (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'avaro=L'avaro (disambigua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Warrior=Agi Murad, il diavolo bianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magliari=I magliari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_Mask_of_the_Blue_Falcon=Scooby-Doo e la maschera di Blue Falcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divorcee_(1919_film)=The Divorcee (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quitter=The Quitter (film 1916 Horan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossfire_Hurricane=Crossfire Hurricane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skeleton_Twins=Uniti per sempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johanna_Enlists=Johanna Enlists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Single_Moms_Club=Il club delle madri single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Baluyev!=Znakom'tes', Baluev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanchon_the_Cricket=Fanchon, the Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delivery_Man_(film)=Delivery Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooked_Streets=Crooked Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Sicario,_Room_164=El sicario - Room 164
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Kidd,_Jr.=Captain Kidd, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Week_of_the_Sphinx=La settimana della Sfinge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilting_(film)=Lilting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bestia_(film)=Bestia (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Gelbe_Schein=La tessera gialla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Augen_der_Mumie_Ma=Gli occhi della mummia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sappho_(film)=Fuoco, fiamme e ceneri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_Time=Dino e la macchina del tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Has_a_Plan=Todos tenemos un plan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Speaks=Hollywood Speaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Trip_Without_a_Load=Porožnij rejs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Is_Called_Engelchen=La battaglia di Engelchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Durango_Kid_(film)=The Durango Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Wolf_(miniseries)=Sea Wolf - Lupo di mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recollections_of_the_Yellow_House=Ricordi della casa gialla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lackey_and_the_Lady=The Lackey and the Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska_(film)=Nebraska (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Curiosity_Shop_(1914_film)=The Old Curiosity Shop (film 1913)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolves_of_Kromer=The Wolves of Kromer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chimes_(film)=The Chimes (film 1914 Bentley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Twist_(1912_film)=Oliver Twist (film 1912 Bentley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Times_(1915_film)=Hard Times (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luisa_Sanfelice_(2004_film)=Luisa Sanfelice (miniserie televisiva 2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birch_Wood=Il bosco di betulle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drug_War_(film)=Drug War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naughty_or_Nice_(2012_film)=La lista di Babbo Natale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horns_(film)=Horns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upstream_Color=Upstream Color
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_on_One's_Head=Allarme dal cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Natural_Born_Gambler=A Natural Born Gambler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Blood_(1924_film)=Captain Blood (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosquita_y_Mari=Mosquita y Mari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Keys_to_Baldpate_(1925_film)=Seven Keys to Baldpate (film 1925)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_All_Night_(1924_film)=Open All Night (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movie_Days=Movie Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courier_(film)=Kur'er
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agata_and_the_Storm=Agata e la tempesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lego_Movie=The LEGO Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rurouni_Kenshin_(film)=Rurōni Kenshin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gang_Story=A Gang Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_to_Language=Adieu au langage - Addio al linguaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xingu_(film)=Xingu (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Ha=Frances Ha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kentucky_Cinderella=A Kentucky Cinderella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labor_Day_(film)=Un giorno come tanti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spectacular_Now=The Spectacular Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non-Stop_(film)=Non-Stop (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dikkenek=Dikkenek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Eye=L'occhio selvaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lights_of_London_(1923_film)=Lights of London (film 1923)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panhandle_38=...E alla fine lo chiamarono Jerusalem l'implacabile (Padella calibro 38)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_morte_non_conta_i_dollari=La morte non conta i dollari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reef_2:_High_Tide=The Reef 2 - Alta marea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rover_(1967_film)=L'avventuriero (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Christmas_Tree_(1969_film)=L'albero di Natale (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Goddess=Le guerriere dal seno nudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Woman_(1974_film)=Morte per gli agenti speciali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gatekeepers_(film)=The Gatekeepers - I guardiani di Israele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Pecos=Due once di piombo (Il mio nome è Pecos)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Many_Wars_Ago=Uomini contro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_in_the_Air_(2005_film)=Ma vie en l'air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Survive_a_Plague=AIDS - Cronaca di una rivoluzione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry:_Robin_Hood_and_His_Merry_Mouse=Tom & Jerry e Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zappatore=Zappatore (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behaving_Badly_(film)=Comportamenti molto... cattivi!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fish_Child=El niño pez - Il bambino pesce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome_Against_Rome=Roma contro Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trolls_(film)=Trolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_Troops_(film)=Il 13º uomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Confidential=Hollywood Confidential (film 1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Way_Back_(1995_film)=Fino alla fine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Party's_Over=Party di capodanno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiro_al_piccione=Tiro al piccione (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giordano_Bruno_(film)=Giordano Bruno (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabin_Fever:_Patient_Zero=Cabin Fever: Patient Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pah_Wongso_Pendekar_Boediman=Pah Wongso Pendekar Boediman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Sea_Rises=Quand la mer monte...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Marginal=Professione: poliziotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Descente_aux_enfers=Discesa all'inferno (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Bon_Plaisir=Scandalo a palazzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ride_(1994_film)=The Ride (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beast_of_Blood_(film)=La bestia di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scar_City=La faccia violenta della legge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conviene_far_bene_l'amore=Conviene far bene l'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lady's_Garter=My Lady's Garter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_Line=The Life Line (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Tricks=Hornsby e Rodriguez - Sfida criminale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadbolt_(film)=Dietro la porta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We'll_Live_Till_Monday=Vivremo fino a lunedì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sedona_(film)=Sedona (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Love_and_Desire=Amore e desiderio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_to_Burma=L'avventuriero di Burma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bamboo_Saucer=La cortina di bambù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loves_of_Carmen_(1927_film)=Gli amori di Carmen (film 1927)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoky_(1946_film)=Il vendicatore silenzioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_II,_King_of_Bavaria=Ludwig der Zweite, König von Bayern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rive_droite,_rive_gauche=Il desiderio e la corruzione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Year_(film)=Battle of the Year - La vittoria è in ballo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Huntresses=Joseonminyeo samchongsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Affair_of_the_Follies=La stella del Royal Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man,_Beast_and_Virtue=L'uomo, la bestia e la virtù (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_(2013_film)=Phantom (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minecraft:_The_Story_of_Mojang=Minecraft: The Story of Mojang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_New_Shores=La prigioniera di Sidney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goya_or_the_Hard_Way_to_Enlightenment=Goya - oder Der arge Weg der Erkenntnis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_storia_semplice_(film)=Una storia semplice (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canaris_(film)=Canaris (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Monkey_in_Winter_(film)=Quando torna l'inverno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tendres_Cousines=Tenere cugine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehrengard=Ehrengard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Council_of_Egypt=Il consiglio d'Egitto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail,_Mary!=Saljut, Marija!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_Breakers=Inchiesta su un delitto della polizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notizie_degli_scavi=Notizie degli scavi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Killed_Santa_Claus%3F=L'assassinat du Père Noël
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Kiss=A Christmas Kiss - Un Natale al bacio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affection_(film)=Obič
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Sweet_Word:_Liberty!=Eto Sladkoe Slovo: Svoboda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_Block_(film)=Around the Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys'_School=Gli scomparsi di Saint Agil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Verdi_(film)=Giuseppe Verdi (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_Budapest_Hotel=Grand Budapest Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Execution_of_Czolgosz_with_Panorama_of_Auburn_Prison=Execution of Czolgosz with Panorama of Auburn Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lighthouse_by_the_Sea_(1911_film)=The Lighthouse by the Sea (film 1911)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hundra=Hundra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavia_the_Heretic=Flavia, la monaca musulmana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuore_di_mamma=Cuore di mamma (film 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Most_Likely=Imogene - Le disavventure di una newyorkese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bishop_Murder_Case_(film)=L'enigma dell'alfiere nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man_Down=Dead Man Down - Il sapore della vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_by_the_Light_of_the_Moon=Love by the Light of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Gallant=Lucy Gallant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cockneys_vs_Zombies=London Zombies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alley_Cat_(1929_film)=Nachtgestalten (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartacus_and_the_Ten_Gladiators=Gli invincibili dieci gladiatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orheim_Company=Kompani Orheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Squared=Jake Squared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_(2013_film)=Gloria (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise:_Hope=Paradise: Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Time_(2013_film)=Questione di tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Probe_Taurus=Space Probe Taurus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quarantine_(2000_film)=Quarantine-Virus letale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plot_(film)=L'attentato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snack_Bar_Budapest=Snack Bar Budapest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destruction_Force=La banda del trucido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Call_(2013_film)=The Call (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Slave_(film)=Schiave bianche - Violenza in Amazzonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_of_Paris=Nell'ombra di Parigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calling_Dr._Gillespie=Calling Dr. Gillespie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Outpost=Il prigioniero di Fort Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Losing_Chase=Losing Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_Squad_(film)=Squadra antifurto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parts_per_Billion=Verso la fine del mondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/40_Days_and_Nights=40 Days and Nights - Apocalisse finale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Umbrella_(2013_film)=L'ombrello blu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Exorcism_Part_II=The Last Exorcism - Liberaci dal male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mirror_Never_Lies=The Mirror Never Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Falconieri_(film)=Villa Falconieri (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna,_City_of_Song=Wien, du Stadt der Lieder (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerontophilia_(film)=Gerontophilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Jasmine=Blue Jasmine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadets_(film)=I cadetti di Smolenko (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Deadline=Ultimatum a Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Lessons_(2008_film)=Élève Libre - Lezioni private
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Claudel_1915=Camille Claudel 1915
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_My_Way_(film)=Elle s'en va
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_and_Dog=Cane e gatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_banda_Casaroli=La banda Casaroli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_Reckoning_(1933_film)=Day of Reckoning (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foul_Play_(1977_film)=Il ponte (film 1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Halifax,_Gentleman_(1915_film)=John Halifax, Gentleman (film 1915)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inappropriate_Comedy=InAPPropriate Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_White_(1999_drama_film)=Black & White (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Babila-8_P.M.=San Babila ore 20: un delitto inutile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Storm_(1916_film)=The Storm (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Effie_Gray_(film)=Effie Gray - Storia di uno scandalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12.10=12.10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/28_Hotel_Rooms=28 Hotel Rooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Artist_and_the_Model=El artista y la modelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakma=Shakma - La scimmia che uccide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unit_7=Unit 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nut_Job=Nut Job - Operazione noccioline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tad,_The_Lost_Explorer=Le avventure di Taddeo l'esploratore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_the_Steal_(2013_film)=The Art of the Steal - L'arte del furto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Reason_(1977_film)=Al di là della ragione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barrier_(1937_film)=La grande barriera (film 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatima_(1938_film)=Fatima (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_for_Conduct=Zero in condotta (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_of_Time=Tar (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tower_of_Silence_(film)=Der Turm des Schweigens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansel_&_Gretel_Get_Baked=Hansel e Gretel e la strega della foresta nera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_in_Drag=Delitto al Blue Gay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gang_That_Sold_America=Squadra antigangsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homefront_(film)=Homefront (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PK_(film)=PK (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muppets_Most_Wanted=Muppets 2 - Ricercati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bikini_Beach=Bikini Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Beware=Il prode faraone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duchess_of_Buffalo=The Duchess of Buffalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Bruce_Lee=Io sono Bruce Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turn_of_the_Wheel=The Turn of the Wheel (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tailor_from_Ulm=Il sarto di Ulm (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Baron=Sierra Baron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Days_in_January=Sette giorni di gennaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Terror=The Green Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Esquire=Angel Esquire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_and_No_Class=Class and No Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Mine=Resta con me (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Rachel=Aunt Rachel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closed_Curtain=Closed Curtain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigolo_(film)=Gigolo (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_of_the_West=Tutti per uno botte per tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Bachelors=Summer Bachelors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nance_(film)=Nance (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linked_by_Fate_(film)=Linked by Fate (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_Closed_Doors_(1961_film)=A porte chiuse (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poveri_milionari=Poveri milionari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_and_Its_Woman=The World and Its Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giubbe_rosse=Giubbe rosse (film 1975)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sesso_e_volentieri=Sesso e volentieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Be_Going_Now=Tolgo il disturbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovani_e_belli=Giovani e belli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vita_coi_figli=Vita coi figli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_Rome=Un amore a Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austenland_(film)=Alla ricerca di Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_and_Jonathan_(film)=David and Jonathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaghetti_a_mezzanotte=Spaghetti a mezzanotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Riders_(1920_film)=The Night Riders (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_(2012_film)=Urla silenziose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Wars=Dirty Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Estate_(film)=Il quinto potere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Give_It_a_Year=A prova di matrimonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ugly_Duckling_(1920_film)=The Ugly Duckling (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Her_Father's_Sake=For Her Father's Sake (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_in_a_Lifetime_(1932_film)=Once in a Lifetime (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Sioux_Massacre=Il massacro dei Sioux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Women_(1917_film)=Little Women (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Episode_in_the_Life_of_an_Iron_Picker=An Episode in the Life of an Iron Picker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_(2013_film)=Gold (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nun_(2013_film)=La religiosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Well-Digger's_Daughter_(2011_film)=La fille du puisatier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vic_and_Flo_Saw_a_Bear=Vic and Flo Saw a Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmony_Lessons=Harmony Lessons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afternoon_Delight_(film)=Afternoon Delight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Newman_(film)=Il mondo di Arthur Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11th_Victim=L'undicesima vittima (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Train_to_Lisbon_(film)=Treno di notte per Lisbona (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Homem_que_Virou_Suco=O homem que virou suco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Submarine_D-1=Sottomarino D1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marley_&_Me:_The_Puppy_Years=Io & Marley 2 - Il terribile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marine_3:_Homefront=Presa mortale - Il nemico è tra noi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_the_Millers=Come ti spaccio la famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touchy_Feely=Touchy Feely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exorcist:_Italian_Style=L'esorciccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disappearance_of_Eleanor_Rigby=La scomparsa di Eleanor Rigby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridegroom_(film)=Bridegroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jug_Face=Jug Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fruitvale_Station=Prossima fermata Fruitvale Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abandoned_Field:_Free_Fire_Zone=Il campo abbandonato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Son=Il figlio dell'altra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Heart_(film)=Open Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_in_Lisbon=Una notte a Lisbona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Head=Evil Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_House_Divided_(1931_film)=La sposa nella tempesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrowland_(film)=Tomorrowland - Il mondo di domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V/H/S/2=V/H/S/2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Other_Woman_(1933_film)=La grande menzogna (film 1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Official_Denial=Incontri ravvicinati (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giants_of_Rome=I giganti di Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_of_the_Heart=La sposa del Danubio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amok_(1983_film)=Amok (film 1983)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vassa_(film)=Vassa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Homeless_One=Matlosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_Without_Women=Terra senza donne (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkland_(film)=Parkland (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darling_of_the_Gods=L'ala della fortuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Married_You_for_Fun=Ti ho sposato per allegria (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spangles_(1926_film)=Spangles (film 1926)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complex_(film)=The Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Redheads_from_Seattle=Teste rosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_of_Tokyo=Una donna di Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I.N.R.I._(film)=I.N.R.I. (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_(1930_film)=Der Andere (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_of_Terror=La crociera della paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seconds_to_Spare=Fuori tempo massimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_of_Love=Bosco d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Venetian_Woman=La venexiana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirikou_and_the_Men_and_Women=Kirikou et les hommes et les femmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vulture_Wally=Wally (film 1921)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlinguer,_I_Love_You=Berlinguer ti voglio bene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_May_Kiss=Volubilità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Paradise_(film)=Dall'ombra alla luce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oggetti_smarriti=Oggetti smarriti (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Especially_on_Sunday=La domenica specialmente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Be_Good_(1928_film)=Lady Be Good (film 1928)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_dolce_rumore_della_vita=Il dolce rumore della vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_Sleep_Die=Äta sova dö
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Lost_Son=Tutta la verità (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husband_and_Lovers=La villa del venerdì
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rover_(2014_film)=The Rover (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex,_Okra_and_Salted_Butter=Sexe, gombo et beurre salé
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man_Talking=Dead Man Talking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_(2012_film)=38 testimoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohta_18=Kohta 18
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kedok_Ketawa=Kedok Ketawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marathon_Runner=Il corridore di maratona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Baby=Hell Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_(film)=Big (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Below_the_Surface_(1920_film)=Negli abissi del mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Small_Town_Idol=L'idolo del villaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Voss,_Thief_of_Millions_(1932_film)=Peter Voss, der Millionendieb (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zille_and_Me=Zille und ick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_That_You_Know_That_I_Know=Io so che tu sai che io so
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_of_Cimarron_(film)=La vendicatrice dei sioux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Witness=Bez svidetelej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Deception=Absolute Deception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Voss,_Thief_of_Millions_(1946_film)=Peter Voss, der Millionendieb (film 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Name_Of_(film)=W imię...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_a_Gun_(film)=Son of a Gun (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_I_Love_(1997_film)=L'homme que j'aime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last:_Naruto_the_Movie=The Last: Naruto the Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyer_from_Berlin=Meyer il berlinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoe_Palace_Pinkus=Pinkus l'emporio della scarpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Playroom_(film)=The Playroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curfew_(2012_film)=Curfew (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exploding_Sun=Exploding Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porno_Holocaust=Porno Holocaust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Descent_of_the_Nine=La discesa dei nove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_(1918_film)=Sangue gitano (film 1918)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Country=Affari di famiglia (film 2014)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intoxication_(film)=La sbornia (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleepwalker_Killing=Delitto senza movente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conception_(film)=Conception (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duel_at_Apache_Wells=Combattimento ai pozzi apache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parson_and_the_Outlaw=Bill il bandito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Four_Do_the_Same=Quando quattro persone fanno la stessa cosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farmer_from_Texas=Der Farmer aus Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Together%3F=Amo non amo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_of_Sin=La conversa di Belfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swindle_(2013_film)=Il grande colpo (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_the_Boys_Goodbye=Kiss the Boys Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_the_Wise_(film)=Nathan der Weise (film 1922)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flame_(1923_film)=Die Flamme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackfish_(film)=Blackfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rogue's_Romance=Il ladro di perle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Chance=The Wonderful Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Is_West=L'appello dell'innocente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brass_Teapot=Botte di fortuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hide_Away_(film)=Hide Away (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Drain_(film)=Fuga de cerebros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_2096:_A_Story_of_Love_and_Fury=Rio 2096 - Una storia d'amore e furia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matalo!=Matalo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Thousand_Dollars_for_a_Massacre=10.000 dollari per un massacro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cursed_Medallion=Il medaglione insanguinato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_to_the_Moon=12 to the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_Your_Legs!=Save Your Legs!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Our_Nature_(film)=In Our Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Joke_of_Destiny=Scherzo del destino in agguato dietro l'angolo come un brigante da strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fading_Gigolo=Gigolò per caso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skyrocket=The Skyrocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangmen_(film)=Hangmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaks:_The_Movie=Uccelli 2 - La paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Tomorrow=Gelosia (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Sharks=La notte degli squali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_on_My_Mind=I maledetti figli dei fiori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_and_Wife_(film)=Man and Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trashed_(film)=Trashed (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girlfriend_in_a_Coma_(film)=Girlfriend in a Coma (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serena_(2014_film)=Una folle passione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boggy_Creek_II:_And_the_Legend_Continues=Yeti - La leggenda continua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Nights_of_Paranormal_Activity_with_the_Devil_Inside_the_Girl_with_the_Dragon_Tattoo=30 Nights of Paranormal Activity with the Devil Inside the Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Days_Without_War=Venti giorni senza guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Birds=Free Birds - Tacchini in fuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inventory_(film)=Passaporto per l'amore - Inventory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_peu_de_soleil_dans_l'eau_froide=Un po' di sole nell'acqua gelida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Puzzle=Rompicapo a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman:_Unbound=Superman: Unbound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Visitor_to_a_Museum=Posetitel muzeya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bag_Man=Motel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindscape_(film)=Mindscape (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_fuga_(1964_film)=La fuga (film 1964)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Resurrection_(film)=A Resurrection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Is_Missing=Megan Is Missing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werewolf:_The_Beast_Among_Us=Werewolf - La bestia è tornata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Numbers_Station=Codice fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trial_on_the_Road=Proverka na dorogach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Nim's_Island=Ritorno all'isola di Nim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Steal_Secrets:_The_Story_of_WikiLeaks=We Steal Secrets: The Story of WikiLeaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Mr._Griffin_(film)=L'ultima lezione del professor Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_I_Never_Told_You=Le cose che non ti ho mai detto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disconnect_(2012_film)=Disconnect (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inescapable_(film)=Inescapable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homework_(1991_film)=La tarea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Juan_in_Hell_(film)=Don Giovanni negli inferni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GriGris=Grigris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Beauty=La grande bellezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_or_Ash,_Fire_or_Wind,_as_Long_as_It's_Love=In una notte di chiaro di luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoners_(2013_film)=Prisoners (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gagak_Item=Gagak Item
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spotted_Dog_Running_at_the_Edge_of_the_Sea=Pegij pes, beguščij kraem morja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_of_Cups_(film)=Knight of Cups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interior._Leather_Bar.=Interior. Leather Bar.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_English_Teacher_(film)=The English Teacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yossi_(film)=Yossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Bird_in_a_Blizzard=White Bird (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Bitches=Sukiny deti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipstick_(1960_film)=Il rossetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Out_(2015_film)=Inside Out (film 2015)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig:_Requiem_for_a_Virgin_King=Ludwig - Requiem per un re vergine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_in_Berlin=L'ospite (film 1993)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonah_Who_Lived_in_the_Whale=Jona che visse nella balena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Sad_Songs_for_Me=Non siate tristi per me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_a_Gunfighter=Mezzo dollaro d'argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Spector_(film)=Phil Spector (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_in_a_Conflict=Sombras en una batalla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_(2013_film)=So-won
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plastic_City_(film)=Dang kou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reefer_and_the_Model=Reefer and the Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_New_Year_(2014_film)=Happy New Year (film 2014)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_Ordinary_Couple=Yeon-ae-ui ondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadjda=La bicicletta verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witching_&_Bitching=Le streghe son tornate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Secret_(1995_film)=Segreto di stato (film 1995)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Wonderful_Game=Kakaja čudnaja igra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_and_the_Magician_(film)=Mario e il mago (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Company_of_Heroes_(film)=Company of Heroes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Days_on_Mars=The Last Days on Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closed_Circuit_(2013_film)=Closed Circuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begin_Again_(film)=Tutto può cambiare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Promise_(2013_film)=Una promessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_(2013_film)=Enemy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diabolical_Dr._Z=Miss Muerte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_with_the_Enemy=Walking with the Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Person_(film)=Third Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Daddy_Goodnight=Laura (film 1987)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_French_Woman=Una donna francese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppet_Master_vs_Demonic_Toys=Puppet Master vs. Demonic Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Hustle=American Hustle - L'apparenza inganna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wicked_(2013_film)=The Wicked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Linen_(film)=Panni sporchi (film 1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Law_Wife_(film)=Common Law Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Witch=The Naked Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naughty_Dallas=Naughty Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trial_of_Lee_Harvey_Oswald_(1964_film)=The Trial of Lee Harvey Oswald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Yellow=High Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Raiders=Hell Raiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_(1967_film)=Sam (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_Bonnie_and_Clyde=The Other Side of Bonnie and Clyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comanche_Crossing=Comanche Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberries_Need_Rain=Le fragole hanno bisogno di pioggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye,_Norma_Jean=Ciao Norma Jean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughes_and_Harlow:_Angels_in_Hell=Hughes and Harlow: Angels in Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rebel_Jesus=The Copper Scroll of Mary Magdalene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistress_of_the_Apes=Mistress of the Apes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodnight,_Sweet_Marilyn=Buonanotte, dolce Marilyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangled_Lives=Tangled Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Upper_Hand_(film)=Rififi internazionale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_Was_Full_of_Moon=Lunoj byl polon sad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gang_War_in_Naples=Camorra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hummingbird_(film)=Redemption - Identità nascoste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Mama_(film)=Sweet Mama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sant_Tukaram_(film)=Sant Tukaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Supplement=Supplemento (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_a_Mystery=La fine di un mistero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stroll_(film)=Progulka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follie_di_notte=Follie di notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Dory=Alla ricerca di Dory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roads_to_Koktebel=Koktebel' (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Easier_for_a_Camel...=È più facile per un cammello...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mothers_Cry=Mothers Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIA_Code_Name:_Alexa=Nome in codice: Alexa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIA_II:_Target_Alexa=Nome in codice: Alexa 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ursus_(film)=Ursus (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Ladies_of_Liberia=Iron Ladies of Liberia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Teacher_from_Vigevano=Il maestro di Vigevano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumo_di_Londra=Fumo di Londra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Blood_(1973_film)=I diavoli n. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_(2004_film)=Papa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Colored_Grey_Truck=Sivi kamion crvene boje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Me_First=Prima dammi un bacio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rossini!_Rossini!=Rossini! Rossini!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camera_d'albergo=Camera d'albergo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parenti_serpenti=Parenti serpenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_coppie=Le coppie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Sun=Il sole buio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Afraid=Io ho paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_on_His_Knees=Un uomo in ginocchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warning_(1980_film)=L'avvertimento (film 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_War=Generation War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Days_to_Kill=3 Days to Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souls_on_the_Road=Anime sulla strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessabelle=Oscure presenze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_strega_in_amore=La strega in amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Complicated_Girl=Una ragazza piuttosto complicata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commissariato_di_notturna=Commissariato di notturna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Designated_Victim=La vittima designata (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pompeii_(film)=Pompei (film 2014)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zulu_(2013_film)=Zulu (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_That_I_Want=La vita che vorrei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_of_the_Innocent=La corsa dell'innocente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreaming_of_Space=Kosmos kak predchuvstvie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Living_Carrots=Mostri contro alieni: La Notte delle Carote Viventi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Populaire_(film)=Tutti pazzi per Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Sara=Om Sara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gold_Rimmed_Glasses=Gli occhiali d'oro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Boy_from_Calabria=Un ragazzo di Calabria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D'Annunzio_(film)=D'Annunzio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partner_(1968_film)=Partner (film 1968)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_tempo_degli_avvoltoi=Il tempo degli avvoltoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Noose_for_Django=Una lunga fila di croci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leoni_al_sole=Leoni al sole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_basilischi=I basilischi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_uomo_ritorna=Un uomo ritorna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parigi_o_cara=Parigi o cara (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splendori_e_miserie_di_Madame_Royale=Splendori e miserie di Madame Royale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Lady_of_the_Turks=Nostra Signora dei Turchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immigrant_(2013_film)=C'era una volta a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_P:_Psychotherapy_of_a_Plains_Indian=Jimmy P.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_in_My_Heart_(film)=Sempre nel mio cuore (film 1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Johnny_Ringo=Uccidete Johnny Ringo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire,_Water,_and_Brass_Pipes=Ogon', voda i... mednye truby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_chance_de_ma_vie=Per sfortuna che ci sei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maradona=Santa Maradona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_liceale,_il_diavolo_e_l'acquasanta=La liceale, il diavolo e l'acquasanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colony_(2013_film)=The Colony (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melancholie_der_Engel=Melancholie der Engel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tout_ce_qui_brille=Tout ce qui brille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Nemo_(1911_film)=Winsor McCay, the Famous Cartoonist of the N.Y. Herald and His Moving Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_Walter_Mitty_(2013_film)=I sogni segreti di Walter Mitty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copperhead_(2013_film)=Copperhead (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_upon_a_Pike=La bacchetta magica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Weaver=Maria la tessitrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Most_Wanted_Man_(film)=La spia - A Most Wanted Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Travel_Alone=Jeg reiser alene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folgore_Division=Divisione Folgore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Humpbacked_Horse_(1941_film)=Konёk-Gorbunok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neapolitans_in_Milan=Napoletani a Milano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_of_Rome=L'oro di Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperium:_Saint_Peter=San Pietro (miniserie televisiva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringo_the_Lone_Rider=Ringo, il cavaliere solitario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-11_(film)=K-11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Oath=The Broken Oath (film 1910)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transcendence_(2014_film)=Transcendence (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Sling_(1990_film)=Singapore Sling (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_the_Day=I prigionieri del sogno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBGB_(film)=CBGB (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Django_Shoots_First=Django spara per primo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Safe_for_Work_(film)=Senza uscita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_Them_Bodies_Saints=Senza santi in paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_morte_risale_a_ieri_sera=La morte risale a ieri sera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freud's_Leaving_Home=Freud flyttar hemifrån...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_(2012_film)=Blood (film 2012)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dynamite_Brothers=I fratelli Dinamite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opopomoz=Opopomoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_for_a_Dusty_Summer=Pioggia per un'estate arida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_the_Single_Mom=Sex & the Single Mom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Colt=Lola Colt - Faccia a faccia con El Diablo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rip-Off=Controrapina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Frank_and_Crazy_Tony=Dio, sei proprio un padreterno!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Con_Artists=Bluff - Storia di truffe e di imbroglioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_So_It_Goes_(film)=Mai così vicini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_President's_Man=Attacco al presidente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_in_the_Woods_(2012_film)=Hidden in the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Field_in_England=I disertori - A Field in England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker,_Texas_Ranger:_Trial_by_Fire=Walker, Texas Ranger: Processo infuocato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Long_Way_Down_(film)=Non buttiamoci giù (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Physician_(2013_film)=Medicus (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandidos_(film)=Bandidos (film 1967)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tengo_ganas_de_ti=Tengo ganas de ti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible_Invaders=Assalto dallo spazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Burglar=La spia in nero (film 1961)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walking_Target=Bersaglio umano (film 1960)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun_Belt_(film)=Mani in alto! (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Arrow_(film)=La freccia nera (film 1948)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Turf=La grande corsa (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Sheriff=Lo sceriffo di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_Love_(1929_film)=Il richiamo (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Magic_(2013_film)=Magic Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seekers_of_Happiness=Iskateli sčast'ja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tu_mi_turbi=Tu mi turbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Package_(2013_film)=The Package
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximum_Conviction=Maximum Conviction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drift_(2013_Australian_film)=Drift - Cavalca l'onda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Lady_Cop=La poliziotta fa carriera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Policewoman_on_the_Porno_Squad=La poliziotta della squadra del buon costume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Policewoman_in_New_York=La poliziotta a New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierino_contro_tutti=Pierino contro tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_of_Stone=Hands of Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oculus_(film)=Oculus - Il riflesso del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_People=Uomini coraggiosi (film 1950)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_What_We_Are_(2013_film)=We Are What We Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Bird=Putiferio va alla guerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty's_Worth=Beauty's Worth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cafe_Metropole=Caffè Metropole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bandit_of_Sherwood_Forest=Il figlio di Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Anonymous_Letters=Due lettere anonime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Chatter=Amore e chiacchiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Love_Ophelia=Per amare Ofelia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Station_76=Space Station 76
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Skin_(2013_film)=Under the Skin (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Dark=After the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustine_(film)=Augustine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Secret=In Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Blue_(2003_film)=Profondo blu (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clown_(film)=Clown (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemies_Closer=Enemies Closer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adopting_Terror=Il passato non muore mai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Even_Break=An Even Break (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody's_Sweetheart_(1920_film)=Everybody's Sweetheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatherland_(1994_film)=Delitto di stato (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger's_Hand=La mano dello straniero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virtuous_Bigamist=Era di venerdì 17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Passage_(film)=Desert Passage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stagecoach_Kid=Stagecoach Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Simple_as_That_(film)=Così semplice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Native_Son_(1986_film)=Paura (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_and_Clouds=Giorni e nuvole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_the_Provinces=Odnaždy v provincii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Men_(film)=Les hommes libres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Letters_of_a_Portuguese_Nun=Confessioni proibite di una monaca adolescente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_True_Life_of_Antonio_H.=La vera vita di Antonio H.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Money_Needed=Man braucht kein Geld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_(film)=Vito (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_on_the_Way_to_Heaven=Petja po doroge v Carstvie Nebesnoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_of_Love_(1932_film)=L'ultima canzone (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_(2013_film)=Cose nostre - Malavita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_of_Arcadia=Il principe d'Arcadia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Without_a_Name_(1932_film)=L'uomo senza nome (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quo_Vadis_(1924_film)=Quo vadis? (film 1924)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Napoleon=Nell'anticamera del matrimonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_God_Commands=Come Dio comanda (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_in_the_Barracks=Lo squadrone si diverte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_of_Malacca=La dama di Malacca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Actor's_Children=The Actor's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Spirit_(film)=Erdgeist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gargoyle:_Wings_of_Darkness=Gargoyles (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Trust_a_Woman=Casa materna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Waltz_Dream_(film)=Sogno d'un valzer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Venus_(film)=Venere imperiale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora's_Promise=Pandora's Promise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_(2005_film)=Pyl'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_(film)=Sole (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_(1925_film)=Leidenschaft. Die Liebschaften der Hella von Gilsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Zone_(film)=Uragano su Yalù
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Torpedoes=Siluri umani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_the_Mariner=Peter der Matrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolt_in_the_Reformatory=Revolte im Erziehungshaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_by_Day,_You_by_Night=Io di giorno, tu di notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pugili=Pugili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Emma=Emma sono io
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Devil_(film)=Il diavolo bianco (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharina_Knie_(film)=La danzatrice di corda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voyeur_(1994_film)=L'uomo che guarda (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_One_Longs_For=Enigma (film 1929)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_of_the_Heart=Komödie des Herzens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pink_Diamond=Der rosa Diamant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_of_Rogues=Schinderhannes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rebel_(1932_film)=Il grande agguato (film 1932)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_of_Dreams_(film)=Noi due (film 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mill_at_Sanssouci=Il mulino di San Souci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Typhoon_(1940_film)=Tifone sulla Malesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundays_at_Tiffany's_(film)=Domeniche da Tiffany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Worst_Nightmare=Il mio migliore incubo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padroni_di_casa=Padroni di casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_of_My_Enemy=Il cadavere del mio nemico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapture-Palooza=Rapture-Palooza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_in_a_Water_Glass=Die Blumenfrau von Lindenau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Oakley_(1894_film)=Annie Oakley (film 1894)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_of_the_Tropics=La signora dei tropici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_of_a_Mine=Hunger in Waldenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retroactive_(film)=Non toccate il passato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violent_Life=Una vita violenta (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Homeland=Drei machen ihr Glück
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_Champions=Army Champions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quando_la_coppia_scoppia=Quando la coppia scoppia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_Justice=The Heart of Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_Icy_Eyes=L'uomo dagli occhi di ghiaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_on_the_Run=Bersaglio mobile (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_the_Bloody_Iris=Perché quelle strane gocce di sangue sul corpo di Jennifer?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bloodstained_Shadow=Solamente nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_of_the_Orient=L'imperatrice perduta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wife_of_Forty_Years=Die Frau von vierzig Jahren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Company=L'ultima compagnia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nati=Nati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Heidelberg_(1915_film)=Old Heidelberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deep_Purple_(1920_film)=Profondo rosso (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountains_on_Fire=Montagne in fiamme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Son_of_the_White_Mountain=I cavalieri della montagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenck_(film)=Il prigioniero di Magdeburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Fellow_Americans=Fuga dalla Casa Bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Firm_(1993_film)=Il socio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Direction:_This_Is_Us=One Direction: This Is Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McHale's_Navy_(1964_film)=Marinai, topless e guai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Tide_(1947_film)=Alta marea (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_at_Her_Window=Una donna alla finestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irresistible_Force_(film)=Forza irresistibile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabies_(2010_film)=Kalevet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Business_(1962_film)=Delovye ljudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Bonne=La Bonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Birds_(film)=Smáfuglar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatre_of_Death=Il teatro della morte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geography_Club_(film)=Geography Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uwantme2killhim%3F=Uwantme2killhim?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calla_(film)=Calla (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulia_Doesn't_Date_at_Night=Giulia non esce la sera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_de_Thiaroye=Campo Thiaroye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulette_(film)=Paulette (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Spot_(1947_film)=Per tutta la vita (film 1947)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_Ones_(2014_film)=Le origini del male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_acrobate=Le acrobate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Gorbachev=Caro Gorbaciov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweetwater_(2013_film)=Sweetwater - Dolce vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Arizona_(1919_film)=Miss Arizona (film 1919)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Desert_Scorpion=The Desert Scorpion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Circle_Breakdown=Alabama Monroe - Una storia d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Sanity_(film)=Dr. Jekyll e Mr. Hyde: sull'orlo della follia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_in_the_Night_(film)=Estranei nella notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playgirl_(film)=Ragazze audaci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Weapon_(film)=Arma segreta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philomena_(film)=Philomena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plush_(film)=Plush (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_at_the_Farm=Tom à la ferme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JCVD_(film)=JCVD - Nessuna giustizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamikaze_(1986_film)=Kamikaze (film 1986)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Questions_Asked=No Questions Asked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Bargain=Strange Bargain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Headless_Horseman_(1922_film)=Il cavaliere senza testa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_Earth_(1917_film)=Down to Earth (film 1917)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_One_False_Step=Passo falso (film 1949)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Valley=Hidden Valley (film 1916)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_the_Shadows_Dance=Nightmaster (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgo,_the_Taurus_and_the_Capricorn=La vergine, il toro e il capricorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Clan=Vampire Clan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Windows_(film)=Open Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turning_(2013_film)=The Turning (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/813_(film)=813 (film 1920)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foolproof_(film)=Foolproof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Punch=Colpo d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moebius_(1996_film)=Moebius (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trials_of_Cate_McCall=Cate McCall - Il confine della verità
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_for_Beginners=French for Beginners - Lezioni d'amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terramatta=Terramatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felony_(film)=Felony (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Gun_(1951_film)=I due forzati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_(1983_film)=L'addio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disorder_(1962_film)=Il disordine (film 1962)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremors_(franchise)=Tremors (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Days_Ahead=Les beaux jours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_School_Teacher_in_the_House=L'insegnante viene a casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unforgiven_(2013_film)=Yurusarezaru mono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_On,_Harvest_Moon_(1938_film)=Shine On, Harvest Moon (film 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monella_(film)=Monella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_sbandata=La sbandata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student_Services=Student Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fencing_Master_(film)=Il maestro di scherma (film 1992)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halleluja_for_Django=La più grande rapina del West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pecos_Cleans_Up=Pecos è qui: prega e muori!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_il_gusto_di_uccidere=Per il gusto di uccidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Gorilla_Go=Vai gorilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dear_Killer=Mio caro assassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angeli_senza_paradiso=Angeli senza paradiso (film 1970)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna,_quel_particolare_piacere=Anna, quel particolare piacere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeping_Voice=La voz dormida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Beast_(2014_film)=La bella e la bestia (film 2014)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Cervi_Brothers=I sette fratelli Cervi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Is_My_Beat=Murder Is My Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Midnight_and_Dawn=Tra mezzanotte e l'alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakedown_(1950_film)=Jack il ricattatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classe_mista=Classe mista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_(1999_film)=Lovers - French Dogma Number One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fury_of_Johnny_Kid=Dove si spara di più
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nurse_in_the_Military_Madhouse=L'infermiera nella corsia dei militari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_compagna_di_banco=La compagna di banco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'onorevole_con_l'amante_sotto_il_letto=L'onorevole con l'amante sotto il letto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fermo_posta_Tinto_Brass=Fermo posta Tinto Brass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lessons_of_a_Dream=Lezioni di sogni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilicata_Coast_to_Coast=Basilicata coast to coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larceny_(1948_film)=Ladri in guanti gialli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/+1_(film)=Plus One (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Job_(film)=Grande slalom per una rapina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Handsome,_the_Ugly,_and_the_Stupid=Il bello, il brutto, il cretino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardenia_(film)=Gardenia il giustiziere della mala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_Flower_(1930_film)=Passion Flower (film 1930)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_College_Widow_(1915_film)=The College Widow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Violent_Kind=Il bosco dell'orrore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'arbitro_(1974_film)=L'arbitro (film 1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amore_e_ginnastica=Amore e ginnastica (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweet_Sins_of_Sexy_Susan=I dolci vizi... della casta Susanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Come_On=Colpo proibito (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexy_Susan_Sins_Again=Susanna... ed i suoi dolci vizi alla corte del re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(1968_film)=Due occhi di ghiaccio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slave_(1962_film)=Il figlio di Spartacus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goddess_of_Love_(film)=Goddess of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siberian_Education=Educazione siberiana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_piacere_di_rivederla=Al piacere di rivederla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_than_Honey=Un mondo in pericolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filth_(film)=Filth (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Momma's_House=Big Mama (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Riddle:_Woman=The Riddle: Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stronger_Vow=Carnevale di sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zerograd=Città Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cure_for_Pokeritis=A Cure for Pokeritis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clip_(film)=Clip (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Their_First_Misunderstanding=Their First Misunderstanding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gang_Tapes=Gang Tapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giallo_a_Venezia=Giallo a Venezia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penthouse_North=Sola nel buio (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Town_Is_Quiet=La ville est tranquille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sal_(film)=Sal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piccoli_fuochi=Piccoli fuochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Parisienne_(film)=Una parigina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expelled_from_Paradise=Rakuen Tsuihō -Expelled from Paradise-
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noi_uomini_duri=Noi uomini duri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/17_Girls=17 ragazze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_neve_nel_bicchiere=La neve nel bicchiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Discord=The House of Discord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_carabiniere_a_cavallo=Il carabiniere a cavallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Galaxy_3=Giochi erotici nella terza galassia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilsa,_the_Wicked_Warden=Greta, la donna bestia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mare_matto=Mare matto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omicron_(film)=Omicron (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_demonio=Il demonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules,_Samson_and_Ulysses=Ercole sfida Sansone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_bella_di_Lodi=La bella di Lodi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_padrone_sono_me=Il padrone sono me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_Ashes=Trapped Ashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_in_Tombstone=Dead in Tombstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poker_in_Bed=La signora gioca bene a scopa?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farfallon=Farfallon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ku-Fu%3F_Dalla_Sicilia_con_furore=Ku-Fu? Dalla Sicilia con furore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_the_Pirates=La Venere dei pirati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_coraggio=Il coraggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_of_the_Seven_Seas=La tigre dei sette mari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla_(1954_film)=Camilla (film 1954)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come-Back!=Torna! (film 1981)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictura:_An_Adventure_in_Art=Pictura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan's_War:_Bound_by_Honor=La vendetta di Logan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_That_Thinks=De zee die denkt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_Texas_Ranger_3:_Deadly_Reunion=Walker Texas Ranger - Riunione Mortale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haute_Cuisine_(film)=La cuoca del presidente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_Lac=Un lac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adorabili_e_bugiarde=Adorabili e bugiarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacanze_a_Ischia=Vacanze a Ischia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldati_-_365_all'alba=Soldati - 365 all'alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_branco=Il branco (film 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maradona,_the_Hand_of_God=Maradona - La mano de Dios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_al_Bar=Belle al bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_bella_vita=La bella vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Part_of_the_Night=La terza parte della notte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hackers_(film)=Hackers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survive!_(film)=I sopravvissuti delle Ande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_and_Extraordinary_Adventures_of_Private_Ivan_Chonkin=Il soldato molto semplice Ivan Chonkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cal_(2013_film)=Cal (film 2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Impostor_(1944_film)=L'impostore (film 1944)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riding_Shotgun_(film)=L'assedio di fuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Cab=Hellcab - Un inferno di taxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayblossom_(1917_film)=Fiore di primavera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Coney_Island_Princess=A Coney Island Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_buoni_se_potete=State buoni se potete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'O_Re='o Re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemici_d'infanzia=Nemici d'infanzia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_via_dei_babbuini=La via dei babbuini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Convent_(2000_film)=The Convent (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eternal_Question=The Eternal Question
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerosubianco=Nerosubianco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_Prison=Memórias do Cárcere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Malicious_Age=Quella età maliziosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slim_Princess=Due sorelle meravigliose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Shadow_(1919_film)=Out of the Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slim_Princess_(1915_film)=The Slim Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capriccio_(1987_film)=Capriccio (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Divorce_(1939_film)=I figli del divorzio (film 1939)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bermuda_Triangle_(film)=Il triangolo delle Bermude (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavenly_Slug=Nebesnyj tichochod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_figlioccio_del_padrino=Il figlioccio del padrino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimo_tango_a_Zagarol=Ultimo tango a Zagarol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_sergente_Rompiglioni=Il sergente Rompiglioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Doodad's_Dial=Daisy Doodad's Dial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_bella_Antonia,_prima_monica_e_poi_dimonia=La bella Antonia, prima monica e poi dimonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_Girl_(film)=Taxi Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_of_Nazareth_(film)=Giuseppe di Nazareth (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_(1980_film)=Action (film 1979)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_disco_volante=Il disco volante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Sweethearts=7 ragazze innamorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bollenti_spiriti=Bollenti spiriti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amore_libero_-_Free_Love=Amore libero - Free Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safari_Rally_(film)=6000 km di paura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carpet_from_Bagdad=The Carpet from Bagdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Young,_So_Lovely,_So_Vicious...=Peccati di gioventù (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_minorenne=La minorenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Jeans_(1975_film)=Blue Jeans (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_gatto_mammone=Il gatto mammone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoner_of_the_Volga=I battellieri del Volga (film 1959)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirate_of_the_Half_Moon=Il corsaro della mezza luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambush_at_Tomahawk_Gap=Terra bruciata (film 1953)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Illumination=Illuminazione (film 1973)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigands_(film)=Briganti (film 1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Then_There_Was_Light=Un incendio visto da lontano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperative_(film)=Imperativo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biquefarre=Biquefarre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LennoNYC=LennoNYC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vehicle_19=Vehicle 19
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sister_in_Law=La pretora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_moglie_vergine=La moglie vergine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_moglie_torna_a_scuola=Mia moglie torna a scuola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_in_the_Provinces=Il cav. Costante Nicosia demoniaco ovvero: Dracula in Brianza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Belle_Starr_Story=Il mio corpo per un poker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_dio_serpente=Il dio serpente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_dottoressa_ci_sta_col_colonnello=La dottoressa ci sta col colonnello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_dottoressa_sotto_il_lenzuolo=La dottoressa sotto il lenzuolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovani,_belle..._probabilmente_ricche=Giovani, belle... probabilmente ricche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bone_Eater=Bone Eater - Il divoratore di ossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_dottoressa_preferisce_i_marinai=La dottoressa preferisce i marinai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragazza_alla_pari=La ragazza alla pari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_but_the_Truth=Everything But the Truth (film 1956)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Desire=Casa da gioco (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madron_(film)=La valle dei Comanches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_You're_Gone=Tomorrow You're Gone
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               